Title: j8B4SwGG19U.txt
Video Id: j8B4SwGG19U
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8B4SwGG19U

Hey everyone this is. Dr. David checking in for our annual what. I like to call the uh webinar pre-game warm-up we will start approximately promptly around 4 pm.

Pacific time we are live streaming uh this particular training which is what. I consider my webinars to be um to both zoom and. YouTube at the same time this is the chats are always in real time. So if you if you type something in the chat box.

I will see it uh at the moment you type it. However especially for you folks joining us from the. YouTube side there is a lag uh between the zoom platform that we're using to run the this particular training uh until it reach until it hits you on the. YouTube channel.

So if you ask a question um and it takes me a while to answer that could be why there are several ways to get your questions answered these webinars tend to go long. So if you were tuning in and planning to uh you know be in and out in 90 minutes or less that's probably not going to happen our our webinars are very very content heavy they're very very dependent on audience interaction in other words the more you do the drills that we're going to guide you through the more powerful you're going to have an experience and that's really the point of these trainings is to give you an experience. So that you can come away with a proof that this stuff can actually work and it can work for you. But.

B also. So that you can learn the tool and go out and apply it immediately into your life to start shaping and creating the life you want to change the direction your life is going now and generate a new one for yourself. So uh are we we use what we commonly call a a a free form webinar and what that means is that this webinar will come in three parts the. First part will be me laying the foundations how the mind works how you can work with your own mind tapping into some of your most powerful energy sources mentally physically and emotionally and.

Then how to channel those in the direction you want them to go and or to uncover things that need to be resolved for yourself that's the. First part of the webinar we're going to give you as much content as we can give you during the. First part of the webinar that usually runs anywhere from 60 to 75 minutes at the 65 at the 60 to 75 minute. Mark we're going to jump into part two of the webinar with part two of the webinar is all about me sharing with you a special set of programs and packages.

I've put together to allow you to build on the foundations. I've just given you and take your learning and your training even further you're going to come away with some of the most powerful fastest tools that for personal transformation work on the planet for free on this webinar. But they're part of a much larger system and. So if you decide.

After experiencing these things for yourself that you want to take it further that you deserve something better. Then we're going to show you what what to do. Next to level up your life and everyone who cared about life if you want to use it for that part three of the webinar is where we. Circle back to part one of the webinar and we begin to actually build on the foundations that we laid in round one we're going to continue to actually teach and give you even more techniques more powerful experiences.

So you can understand that there is no. Limit to what you can do with these skills and these techniques my job here is to give you an experience and. Then show you where to go to level up if it's if it's a track that resonates with you uh there are you're gonna have you're gonna have questions it's natural and. I'll be honest with you.

I love questions. I absolutely love questions the problem of course is that the more questions. I answer the less content that. I've laid out for you that we tend to get to.

So in the interest of making sure that you guys all. Come. Away with the answers that you really need there's going to be three ways that you can get your questions answered the. First one obviously is to type it in the chat.

But as you can see where you know we start picking up speed you know and that chat goes by pretty fast. So sometimes. I miss those questions right. So if you really want the question answered you can keep asking the question in the chat if it's relevant to the part of the webinar that we're on and it's not going to pull us away and go take us down a rabbit hole.

Then. I may actually just answer that question right. Then and there you got your answer you're good to go. However as is often the case everybody's got questions everybody's asking about different things and.

I have to be very careful in the questions that. I answer. However we're going to have a very healthy mix of people who are brand new to. Planet.

David and people who've been in the planet in the planet. David. Sphere for six months a year 12 years 10 years three years and they've been gone out into the world and they've used these techniques over and over and over again and they have absolute confidence in them because they've had the experience of using them out in the real world and. I call upon all of my.

Planet. David alumni all the people who've actually used these techniques out in the world if some of our new people ask a question that you have an answer in other words you've taken you've gone out into the world used our technology to solve that problem. I invite you to reach out to the people asking the questions and answer that question for them if you're still not satisfied with that answer you want me to answer it personally the. Third way that you can get your questions answered is at the end of this webinar.

Youtube will automatically process the footage and it'll put a replay available on our. YouTube channel all you have to do at the end of the webinar is go to the comments section of our. YouTube channel type in your questions and. I make it a practice of going over my.

YouTube comment sections two or three four times a day and making sure when there are questions asked that. I answer those questions okay. So there's three ways you can get your questions answered you're gonna need a pen you're going to need paper you're going to need caffeinated. Beverages and anything that creates a heightened state of neuroplasticity and a sincere desire to have a great freaking time do some drills experience some skills and figure out in a very fast easy to use way how to take charge of your own mind and get your life on the fast track to being the best version of yourself that you can be that being said we also have a very strict um anti-troll policy we have at least three people at any given moment.

Manning the chat. So if we get people who are just trolling and being you know being troublemakers there's a zero tolerance policy we'll just boot you okay. This is a positive place try to keep it positive you have legitimate questions we'll try to answer those questions as directly as possible. But at the same time you know you've got to preserve the the quality of.

The. Learning. Experience for everyone. So.

I love you all. I know you're all here for the right. Reasons and uh it is 3 44 p.m. Pacific.

Time by my clock. I will jump on uh with the official start time at about 4. P.M and. I will probably go over uh everything.

I've just said once again with a little bit more detail uh just. So we're very clear on things. Okay. So okay.

Ethereal. Vixen wants to know how do you program yourself to zero given there is a way to do that actually. But you got to be careful because sometimes the that's the path to uh sociopathy we want to be careful about that. Anyway it is 3 44.

I will see you in 15 get ready to do the drills to get some skills to learn cool stuff with other people who want to cool people who want to do cool stuff. I'm. Dr. David.

I'll see you real soon take care hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David. Snyder welcome to mental healings how to secrets of how to reprogram your subconscious mind.

I am super super excited to be with you today uh this particular set of techniques and skills that. I'm going to be sharing with you is probably one of the most powerful systems or sets of tools. I have come across in probably 30 or 40. Years of exploring personal transformation.

Alchemy and things of that nature. So before we get into the content of tonight's webinar. I want to warn you about a couple there's a couple of administrative things and other things. I want to kind of prime you with.

So. First and foremost how many of you buy a show of high this is a very participation heavy webinar. So the more you participate the more you're going to get out of it. I guarantee you that my job here is not to prove anything to you you don't have to believe any of the crap crap.

I gotta come over the co-op acronym for that that you're going to learn tonight all you got to do is do it with us with an open mind and. I will teach you some of the most powerful fastest ways to change how you think to remove blocks to your success get over limiting beliefs and all the other things that look. You put a dead stop halt the procrastination become more attractive charismatic all these other things. But the secret to this is you gotta do the drills if you do the drills you're going to have an experience when you have an experience everything opens up for you now the best part about the drills and the things we're going to guide you through is they're not belief dependent in other words you don't have to believe they'll work you just have to pretend they'll work and it'll still work you know we spent a lot of time in.

Planet. David distilling down the technology to a set of mechanics now does belief have a factor in some things yes. You mean minimal belief to do this you just have to have an open mind and play with it which is gonna which is one of the. First things.

I'm going to teach you is the. First most powerful key to learning anything up to 30 better. But before we do that. I want to just kind of level the playing field with.

First of all if you are used to a classical webinar where the guy comes on and he talks and he teases you for 60 minutes and. Then spends the. Next 40 minutes getting by myself by myself by my stuff uh you're going to be a little disappointed um because our con we do we use what we call a free form webinar and what that means is for the. Next for the.

First 60 to 75 minutes. I am going to give you as much foundations as many experiences that prove to you on on a deep level that you have this power inside of you and you can tap into it. I'm going to build some foundations. I'm going to give you some experiences part two of the webinar.

I'm going to show you a package that. I've put together a program that. I've developed for helping you take these skill sets even further from the comfort of your own home if that's what you want to do part three of our webinar is going to be me circling back to the foundations that we laid in part one and this is where we customize the content of tonight's webinar to exactly the sticking points the majority of you want to learn okay. So this webinar is really all about you yes.

I'm facilitating it and. I'm teaching you cool stuff. But it's really about you giving you some tools that you can just grab a hold of step out into the world and make changes starting tonight. So a couple of things if now obviously in the terms of mental healing and how to reprogram your subconscious mind if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn we got time for this.

So my commitment to you my my promise to you is that. I will take you as far down this. Rabbit. Hole as.

I can in the time that we have and. Then. I will point you in the direction of where to go to take your skills take your life to the. Next level is that a fair trade if you think that's fair typed it in the chat for me please just say that's fair.

I'm up for that right. If you're not this is probably not the right. Webinar for you okay. Me look.

At my chat see what we got here uh everyone here we go you guys with me. I'm not seeing anything okay. We must have a little bit of a am. I muted.

I'm not muted am. I six participant raised their hands. But. I don't see them all right.

My. YouTubers are online. So not sure what's going on there not muted okay. Very good all right.

So. First and foremost some things you're going to need for tonight hey a great attitude you're gonna need some caffeinated and or dopamine stimulating substances to get that brain going on you got to have a good attitude right. Um something to write on there there's going to be some drills that we're going to be doing uh towards the end of our very soon in fact that actually require you to write some stuff. I've seen.

I seen a lot of raised hands is there something going on. I didn't people are saying the chat is disabled okay. Hold on a. Second uh let's see here that sucks hold on a.

Second let me see what's going on let me go to security our participants uh we got 119 people and. I have no. Chat how does that work all right. Well that's going to throw a damper on my my evening the chat's still disabled guys can you see this.

I'm playing with some chat stuff down here try it now guys type in we getting anywhere with this we got it yay. I figured it out. I figured it out the gods of personal transformation are smiling upon me today good boy howdy. I have no.

Idea how that switch got. Anyway let's jump into this okay. So. First and foremost um you're going to want to stay until the end of the webinar because we have this amazingly cool package now most of you know that there's always we always have an offer for you.

I'm going to be up front the offer is a little different this time um it's actually way cooler. So you might want to stay until the end and and really get as much of this as possible. So a couple of things before now that we've got that little chat snafu figured out um hey how many of you are brand new to. Planet.

David if you're brand new type your name where you're checking in from and. First time in our brand new functioning chat. So. I know how many newbies we got tonight it's not a bad thing because it means there's less dead habits that.

I have to fix okay. I'm seeing that. I'm seeing everybody. So um try that cool excellent excellent excellent.

I want to thank you all for coming uh how many how many people are coaches or healers do we have online anybody in that kind of a that kind of a profession okay. Very good you are going to you're in for the smorgasbord of some of the fastest most personal most powerful transformation techniques the the some of the things that we've used these materials on is just downright. Mind-boggling and we're gonna we're gonna go through as much as we can in the time that we have. So if you're a veteran of.

Planet. David type in your name how long you've been in. Planet. David and where you're coming where you're checking in from where are you checking in from.

All. Veterans show yourselves good okay. So oh. Michael's here okay.

Good cool now why am. I asking this a because as. I go through the training today you're going to have questions a lot of times the questions you have will tend to take us a little off track and. So there's three ways to get your questions answered one is type it in the chat.

I'll see it in real time those of you joining us from. YouTube. I will see your chat in real time. But by the time.

I answer the question on video it may be separate. So just keep that in mind if the question is relevant to the point of the webinar that we're on. I will answer it if it's not relevant. I will put a pin in it and circle back if there's time.

However you veterans if you see a question from some of the newer people even some of the older people that you have direct experience using our. Technologies to fix. I encourage you to actually answer the question for them and give them your experience because again you expect me to have an agenda you expect me to be up here saying hey my stuff is the greatest thing since sliced bread buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff talk to these people in the chats talk to these people who've been around. Planet why do they keep coming back because this works being special hypnotic information techniques or influence techniques okay.

We have acronyms for everything especially when we want to curse and. I can get away with it. So uh that being said the. Third way to get your question answered at the end of this video the end of this webinar in this class.

YouTube's gonna make a copy of it they're they're recording as we speak and. So when the replay of this video goes live on the. YouTube channel if you did not get your question answered during the the main body of the webinar if the answers you got from the veterans didn't quite do it for you and you want me to answer you personally all you have to do is go to the comment section directly below this video when it goes live type your question because. I make it a practice to check the comment sections of my my channel three four five six times a day and.

I make it a practice to go in and physically answer all of those questions that come up and if. I have an answer. I'll give it to you if. I don't have an answer.

I will tell you. I don't have an answer and. I will do my best to point you in the direction that. I think you'll get the biggest bang for you.

But. I can get your situation resolved in the shortest amount of time possible is that fair three ways to get your questions answered if you think that's fair type it in the chat for me okay. Good excellent excellent excellent always more than fair thank you guys appreciate you appreciate you all right. As you can see.

I'm wearing a green vest on a green shirt today because my my cool gold pattern vest has gone missing. So the universe is telling me to change it up get a little bit more uh. Butchy. I guess all right.

So let's get let's get started at the beginning for those of you who are brand new to. Planet. David you may be asking uh who is. Dr.

David and why the hell should. I care right. Well. First and foremost.

I am an actual doctor of acupuncture and. Chinese medicine and. I'm currently working on a another doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine which is focused on basically a.

Qigong doctor nagong. Qigong all the the really deep hidden energetic stuff. I'm really excited about it it's going to be another two or three years before. I'm done with that.

But it's given me a lot of insights into stuff. But. I wanted to know. I actually have a doctor from.

Pacific. College of. Oriental medicine. I've been in private practice uh since 2005 where my specialty clinically is treating physiological illness caused by repressed emotion and this is important because 90 or more of all the things that plague us in our life physically mentally emotionally behaviorally starts with emotion in the mind and if you understand that and you understand how the system creates issues it creates metaphors we call disease or metaphors we call limiting beliefs or metaphors that we call blocks to success if you understand that underlying mechanism you can make any change you want and it doesn't matter if it's an emotional one a physiological one or a purely behavioral one because all of your thoughts feelings and beliefs are built the same way we're going to talk about that throughout the body of this webinar there's a whole system that the techniques you're going to learn are derived from.

But obviously we don't have time for that. So. I'm going to give you. I'm going to cherry pick things for you.

I'm going to give you foundations that you absolutely do need and. Then. I'm going to run you through the drills. I'm going to give you the experiences.

So you can start cleaning up stuff removing procrastination getting over those blocks in a way that's specific to you right. But in case you were wondering. I also. I've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence and what you see here is a copy of of my bio from globalgurus.org this is says this is right.

In 2020 when. I was named the number one. NLP trainer in the year by global gurus. I've been in the top two for the.

Last five or six years. So our. Technologies are great they work people love them and they will work for you. However interestingly enough uh what you see here is a letter from.

Global gurus and this says. Dear. Dr. David it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for.

NLP. AKA neuro-linguistic programming okay. You don't need to be a good at. NLP to do the things that.

I'm going to be sharing with you tonight all you got to be able to do is follow a few simple instructions and you will be amazed at how rapidly your stuff starts to go away and better stuff starts to flow in is that is that cool or not cool tell me you tell me okay. That's copy of our. Global gurus letter. I also for those of you who have uh more interest in me.

I also have a 10 degree black belt in. Okinawan karate 4-3 black belt and. Shaolin kuntao. Second degree black belt in kosho kemporu.

I have a. First degree black belt and funkuru. Jiu. Jitsu.

I'm a certified instructor in combat. Systema. Cinco mono. Escrima and modern.

Arnis. I'll also have more energy healing credentials than. McDonald's sells hamburgers. I have the.

Reiki master teacher. I got a. Reiki master since before. Reiki was cool.

I'm a certified. Advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist. I have advanced. DNA.

Theta healing certification. I'm certified in the benchston energy healing system and many many many different systems of. Qigong okay. I've been doing.

Kabbalah since before. Madonna heard of. Kabbalah. So.

I'm very much a prima donna right. But uh that's all factored in here okay. You don't need to know any again why am. I telling you all this and what is how is it even relevant to tonight it all goes back to the mind and how you begin to deconstruct things what all these things have in common martial arts acupuncture and.

Oriental medicine. Qigong neuro-linguistic programming what's the big deal what why do. I why is this how does this make you qualified. First and foremost they all have two things in common it's.

State control and pattern recognition. So let me go in and talk about this everything human beings do think feel movement everything that human beings do has a structure to it right. You know if you whether you're an atheist or not somebody planned this because there's no. Way this could have happened randomly everything human beings do has a structure that structure is analogous to a pattern if you have eyes.

To see and ears to hear those patterns become self-evident and what you also discover as you go deeper and deeper into these these fields and these these practices is that the same patterns repeat at different levels of. Human. Experience from the way we create our thoughts and the way we connect with other humans to the way we move our bodies and. So a lot of my training has been you know through different mediums has been through this idea of pattern recognition how do.

I look. At something how do. I analyze something and observe the pattern of what's going on because once you understand the pattern and the structure of what's going on you know exactly what's going to happen. Next the vast majority of time you know exactly where to inject a change or a small tweak that sends that process in a completely different.

Direction you don't need to know. Neuroscience you don't need to know every. Bell and whistle in the. NLP system you don't need you know acupuncture and.

Oriental medicine to do this you just have to have a few simple keys that let you run your neurology the way the universe designed it to be run the problem is nobody told us how that works. But everything that we do everything human beings do has a structure okay. Everything that human beings do is in response to a feeling that's the other part the state control part of feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. So the ability to control your psycho-emotional state is one of the most powerful and most important skill sets notice.

I said skill set it's something you learn to do because if if you don't learn it you're you don't you don't control your state your state controls you and your state is a tool it's a tool of personal transformation and it's a tool of influence and manifestation okay. And again we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna show you step by step how that's relevant obviously there's we can't our focus is on the healing and the mental aspect of reprogramming your subconscious mind. But you're going to begin to see very very quickly how these things start to interconnect right. So when we ask you know what a state control and pattern recognition have to do with reprogramming your subconscious mind pretty much everything pretty much everything okay.

Let me just look. At my notes really quick here see where. I'm at. So is this um is this clear are we good with this cool all right.

Very good my words have pre-attached emotions. So there's lots of there's lots of interesting dialogue going on in the chat. I gotta watch out. I'm gonna get sucked in and distracted.

So um. I love. I love listening to the comments and the questions in the chat. I really do.

But if. I do that. I'm going to get sucked into other things and we're gonna get uh we're gonna get going on hold on a. Second.

I gotta figure out what's going on here yeah okay. All right. So here's your. First big takeaway.

So we know that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling yes. A feeling they want more of a feeling they want a whole lot less of now how would you guys here's my. First present okay. Some of you have heard this.

So don't don't steal my thunder right. But how many of you by show of hands or that's me in the chat would like to be ah 25 30 31 better at everything anybody type it in the chat hell yeah all right. And here's all you got to do remember that word. I used earlier.

State. Control all you've got to do to maximize your learning in minimum time is to adopt and maintain a curious playful explorational attitude and move through the world from that energy okay. Now that particular phenomena that particular statistic your data point comes from one of the most loving gentle forgiving merciful uh disciplines that exist hostage negotiation little quote this man is lying it's not merciful hostage negotiation is all about getting the bad guy to want to give up his victims and his hostages without getting anything in return right. What the.

FBI and the investigators in the. Behavioral. Science and the behavioral analysis units discovered was that when. The.

Negotiator the hostage negotiator approached the interaction with a somewhat playful explorational laid-back casual no. Big deal kind of an attitude he or she was up to 31 percent more aware more perceptive more adaptable more creative more persuasive and his counterpart the hostage taker was up to 31 percent more compliant now let's think about this in real world terms what would your life be like if you could learn anything 30 percent faster what would that be like type it in the chat and outside of uh outside of the. L.A or. New.

York pickup bar. I don't know of any any um environments more hostile than hostage negotiation right. Now let's flip the script on that okay. So you can learn things with just just by an attitude shift just by a state control ship you can shorten the learning curve to two-thirds of what it used to be before you do anything else.

But now think about this what if every person that you had to get a decision from was 30 percent more open and willing to do what you want them to do what would that do to your life how would that change your life. Within get laid a lot well that's exactly what this one simple shift will do for you okay. One simple shift creates an entirely new life if if you train it you see states are learned yes. We have the building blocks of all the emotions in us as a byproduct of being a human being.

But we have to train our positive. States and you have to understand some other. Basics behind why this is important. First of all your your neurology your nervous system has what is known as a negativity bias what does that mean it means that if units of.

Pleasure and. Pain are equal okay. In other words they have the same amplitude when we encounter a negative event your nervous system gives it an amplitude of four units. So let's say.

I'm. I'm you know scrolling through my. YouTube channel and somebody calls me a flaming charlatan right. And.

I feel bad. I've got four units of bad feeling now right. I based on the. Neuroscience.

I need to read at least four positive comments to neutralize that now it's a suck ratio you know. But it's something that you can work with because now if you understand that the. Neuroscience is telling us this. Then you now have a formula an algorithm that when you're feeling crappy you know exactly how much good stuff you need quantifiably to neutralize it and.

Then go the opposite direction and make it powerful. So just to summarize this something bad happens to me my gen my neuro my nervous system generates a charge of four something good happens to me my neurology generates a charge of one get it if you if you're with me. So far type that in the chat. Okay.

So based on what. I've taught you. So far and a few other things how many of you would like to be more. Charming attractive confident and charismatic anybody type yes.

In the chat if you think that's cool how many of you would like to stop being afraid banish fear insecurity or as some of our people in. YouTube said activate the ability to have zero given right. Type that in the chat if that's something you'd like to do if you'd like to program yourself to create massive. Financial abundance surround yourself with the kind of friends that actually love and support you protect yourself from the manipulations of people who use these.

Technologies to take advantage of you if any of that sounds remotely appealing to you type that in the chat cool excellent you want it all well. I got a whole lot more for that if you said yes. To any two or more of these questions you're in the right. Place you're going to want to stay on till the end of the webinar okay.

Because. I got a whole bunch of stuff planned for you remember the. First part of the webinar is all about foundations things that you just fundamentals that you have to have going in and understand them. So you can practice them part two we're going to show you the system that all these techniques are derived from and how you can get access to that entire system part three we're gonna we're gonna go back to the foundations and begin to give more and more applications that are specific to why you're here okay.

I just want to put that out there we good with that is that that's the plan for tonight and. I will stay on as long as. I need to for tonight okay. Usually it's two and a half to three hours is what we do um.

So if you're planning on 90 minutes in and out probably not gonna happen all right. Just wanted to let you know okay. So my personal promise for you again is if you stay here tonight is that will teach you the most powerful fast and direct way to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness. I'm going to teach you in very specific ways how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination.

I almost said premature ejaculation that's not this class. I have another class for that how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination how to remove blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions fear pain and of course limiting beliefs right. And. I'm going to give you the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum lasting transformation in the shortest amount of time possible you guys ready to play.

I'm gonna. I'm in a little bit of a playful mood. So. I hope you guys are are up for that.

I'm a little oh that's what. I was forgetting. I have one more disclaimer for you if. Politically.

Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies and or premature ejaculation offends you this is probably not the best use of the. Next 30 to 90 to 90 minutes to three hours okay. So let's start with the two most important factors to success right. Now.

I'm gonna. I don't usually ask this. But just for fun do you guys like it better when. I'm talking to you like this or do you would you rather see my my notes or my.

PowerPoint what do you want to do type it in the chat commits both okay. I like to bounce back and forth because sometimes. I think it breaks up the monotony. But.

I want you to know that. I'm here for you okay. So let's do a quick a quick set of bullet points about the things. I want to cover tonight and.

Then we're going to drill down on the things that you find most important. So the. First thing. I want to talk about are the two uh most important ingredients to success and this is really and they're very simple they're just not always easy and.

So that's what. I want to share with you is the. Simplicity behind this. So uh here we go.

So. First and foremost um two most ingredients. First most important factors for. Success we want to talk about three ingredients of achievement the rules of the.

Mind body centered energy psychology reprogramming your subconscious mind and programming your future and clearing your past and. Then taking control how to get the life you want the way we want that's on the agenda for tonight and. So the. First thing.

I want to talk about are the two most important factors for success and they're very simple the. First the. First one is identity in other words you need to have a sense of. Who.

You. Are and a sense of deservingness for what you want to achieve. So the identity comes down to who you are who you think you are your self-concept which is the sum total of your life experiences your upbringing and various systems now what you see here let me just uh go to make this why is that not doing that okay. So what you see here is a diagram that you'll find in most basic practitioner manuals for neuro-linguistic programming it's called the hierarchy of beliefs and.

I'm going to make this a little bit bigger. So you can see it and if you want to screenshot it you can what you see here at the top of the pyramid is called spirituality and purpose now in some of the systems we have a class we call. Golden path which is all about finding your spiritual mission in this life most of you who are healers and coaches are probably pretty close to that golden path you're just looking for tools to get better at it and getting back to what the taoists call your original face um again we have again that's not the topic of tonight's webinar. But it is relevant directly below that you're going to see identity identity forms the foundation of your value systems what you believe you deserve what you don't deserve how you know you're getting what you want how you know you're getting what you don't want okay.

You need to have an identity that says it's okay. To be or have something okay. If you don't you will you will tend to find a way to sabotage yourself now you've all heard stories and and you can type in the chat if this is true for you or not you've all heard stories about people who they they buy a lottery ticket they win the lottery and they're great for a year and. Then all of a sudden they're more miserable than they had before they had the money or they've they've managed to squander all the money right.

Why is that it's because their sense of self doesn't allow them to have that thing that they want now. I'm going to show you ways to begin to change that. I'm going to teach you a little bit about what your system is actually doing. So that you can understand it from a different perspective which is really important our body's going to do things our unconscious mind is going to do things without our conscious consent it's running the show and if you don't know the.

Dynamics of it you don't know how to interpret what's happening you're gonna your conscious mind your neocortex that newest youngest layer of your brain is going to create a story a narrative around those. Body. Sensations and your body's going to generate feelings that activate the reticular activating system in your brain and your perceptual filters are going to change now. I just do a whole lot of neuroscience at you okay.

And. I apologize for that. But you need to understand what's actually going on versus what we think is going on okay. So we're going to talk a lot about this identity thing identity is all about who we are in this world what we deserve.

But we deserve that keep and what we deserve not to have not to keep. So you've all seen people you've all probably seen this you ever go up to a beautiful person someone who's really really attractive and you compliment them not on their appearance and they they just find every conceivable way to neutralize the comment that they either self they mock on themselves or they paint an agenda to what you're saying these are people who have a sense of identity a sense of self-esteem or self-worth that won't let them accept that kind of information you guys know what. I'm talking about you guys ever had this you ever complement somebody and the. First thing they do is start being they just start finding all kinds of reasons for why they succeeded had nothing to do with them once again you're seeing a conflict in identity okay.

So you have to have an identity that supports what you want to attract now we um. I have. I have another class called hidden. Laws of.

Attraction where we start looking at what are the sub cells the co-personalities active in your subconscious mind that activate at certain random moments that we either move you forward or sabotage you we show you how to neutralize those okay. But the identity thing is important okay. I can't again. I could spend a week just on the identity level stuff.

But we don't have time for it. But is everybody clear on why this is important type yes. If you're with me okay. Good um okay.

The. Next big factor to success is the one that. I think um probably the beliefs again beliefs go to your identity. So.

I just in case you didn't see this right. Functional truths the other thing is action if you want to get ahead in life you have to take positive action for those of you who are um hold on a. Second let me share my screen for those of you who are what. I call chronically over trained okay.

What does this mean in my world in my world there are two kinds of people who come to me to learn hypnosis there's people who want to fix their stuff and move forward in life they're the action takers and. So they come in they learn the techniques they grab them by the cajones and they go out into the world and they apply them and they know in their mind that no. Matter how much they learn there's always more to learn let me let me bounce back for you on this one let me let me be really really clear with this okay. Especially for those of you who suffer from procrastination this is one of the forms procrastination can take a lot of people have this idea that in order to begin something they have to get it all and they have to understand it and they have to be done in my world.

I've discovered two categories of people. I call them action takers in the chronically over trained action takers and and the chronically over trained both have similar crates they both realize that no. Matter how much there is to learn there's always more to learn the difference between the chronically overtrained and the action takers is that the action takers understand that no. Matter how much more there is to learn they have enough to start.

So they do and they achieve and they learn and they as my one of my mentors. Lisa sasovus used to say they build the plane as they're flying it right. They start the other group they have a belief that there's always more to learn as well. But they also have a belief that they can't start until they're done.

But they're never done. So they never start right. How many times have you caught yourself in that thought process. I don't have it all yet.

I can't start no. You can't whatever you have right. Now is enough to start. But now now we get back to this whole action conundrum why don't people take action why don't they take action well there's two primary reasons they don't take action they don't want to or they don't want to the question becomes why don't they want to and that comes down to one of several things it's either a mindset issue or a skill set issue in other words they either have something in their mind that limits them from that prohibits them from taking an action or they don't know how to take that action there's they're missing some skill or some piece of knowledge that would help them move forward now how do you diagnose that for yourself and.

I use that word because. I'm a doctor and. I can. But how do you actually figure out is the issue or the thing that's holding me back more of a skill set issue or a mindset issue and what.

I found with the majority of my students is this is a couple simple questions you can ask yourself if you have something you want to do right. And you know every single step to take you know when to take it where to take it who to take it with how long to take it how long to do it. But you're not you have a mindset issue there's some limiting belief some uh secondary gain some fear or phobia some uh. Rage or anger at something in your past some belief at your identity level that says no.

You can't have that that's not who you are that's not something you're not and it pushes a button and you can't move forward we're going to show you how to get past that okay. But the. First thing is is what. I have a mindset issue or a skill set issue now how do you diagnose if what you have is a skill set issue.

First and foremost if you know or if you when you think about achievement and you start salivating on a scale of zero to ten you've got a 40 level desire to do it. But you don't know when to start where to start who to start it with right. You have a skill set issue right. Do you know the exact steps to take or do you have an idea of the steps to take or not right.

If you don't have if you have all this energy and all this desire. But for some you just don't know where to point it you're looking at us you're looking at a skill set issue now you need to go out and learn something. So you can channel that energy in the proper direction does that make sense okay. It seems very basic.

But you know what a lot of the that holds us back is basic we tend to make it more complicated because we try to apply the wrong part of our brain to fixing the problem. So you might want to write this down okay. Irrational problems require irrational. Solutions okay.

We talk about. Psychotherapy and talk therapy and things like that that has an astronomical uh cure curve in other words it takes forever for people to get resolution that way why because they spend years talking about their from the neocortex level. But that's not where your stuff is stored that's not what caused the problem the idea there is if. I just consciously understand why.

I'm doing these things that. I'm doing. Then. I'll just change it no.

It doesn't work that way because your unconscious mind is stronger than your conscious mind and the only information your conscious mind actually has is what the subconscious mind decides to give it are you following me if you try to rationalize or think through some of this stuff you're going to wind up on a like a hamster wheel if you just keep spinning and coming up with more and more rationalizations or stories for why things are a certain way that's a that's trying to apply a rational solution to an irrational problem. But if we understand that for every thought belief feeling emotion. Sensation that we subjectively experience there's a structure there's a pattern that the neurology uses to create that internal experience for you and we know how to find it that we can change things in minutes does that make sense type in the chat for me and you know you're with me okay. Very good.

So two things holding two things you absolutely need for. Success you gotta have an identity that supports it you got to decide that you deserve it in spite of the body feelings to the contrary this is why. I talk about this a lot because many times um one of the things that you need to understand about your nervous system beside the fact that it has a negativity bias is that it also sorts and gravitates to what's familiar one of the things that happens is your unconscious mind is always trying to keep you the same because it's safe and. So when it sees or perceives change coming it starts to get nervous it starts to go through its memory banks and it starts to ask questions like have we ever done this before if we did what did we do about it and if it doesn't find an answer and by the way it almost always finds an answer which is almost always why it's for stuff because it finds a shitty answer it says we'll do that again it's like that old.

Galaxy. Quest uh scene where uh the guy on the computer is outlining all the different technological things and the. Tim. Allen's character just looks at him and goes we'll do that right.

That's kind of what your unconscious mind does because your unconscious mind has a familiarity bias if you have 20 years of self-sabotage and a minute and a half of a new possibility guess what it'll choose type it in chat what'll itch is safe option why because it's the devil you know versus the devil you don't. However if we understand how your neurology does this from a subjective level we're not talking about the the the the hormones and the all that other crap you don't need to know any of that to start making changes you're going to start experiencing it really short. But. I want to cover the foundations.

First um how do these things manifest a lot of times if you ever catch yourself like you're presented with an opportunity right. And some of the. First things that start happening are are internal dialogue kind of like uh takes too long don't know if it's worth it too much effort too much money if you're presented with an opportunity that you know will change your life an action that you need to take and those kinds of tapes start playing that's your self-protection mechanism trying to keep you the same because it's safe you understand what when you say it's too much money or it's too much time or it's not worth the effort what you're really saying to yourself. I'm sorry to say this what you're really saying to yourself is you're not worth it right.

People my wife called me crazy for wanting to start a doctorate at 54 year or 53 years of age. But it was something that was very important to me it was something. I wanted and. I actually listened to her for a couple of years you know because.

I bought into what other people were telling me people who love us the people who love us by the way are the ones who often do the most damage why because changing ourselves threatens them they want us to be the same they've put us in a little box in their world and anything that gets us out of that box they've put us in they feel as a threat. So going forward every time you're presented with an opportunity to level up and you catch yourself saying oh it's too much money. I can't afford it it's too much time it's too much effort it's not worth it remember what that actually what you're actually saying to yourself and decide to do something different does that make sense was one of my hardest lessons oh. I was.

I was. So bad at that. I was. So bad it took.

Me years decades really to to figure that out. Okay. So let's talk about. State.

Control everything human beings do is in response to a feeling true or false everything human beings do is in response to a feeling true or false okay. Now you have this this part of your brain called the reticular activating system you ever meet people who are just stupidly lucky like everything they do works out for them the reason that is is because they have an identity and a set of body feelings that trigger the reticular activating system to look. Through at the world through a different set of lenses it's literally what we call a perceptual filter the way you hack this system is by generating positive body feelings okay. So there's two really strong really powerful ways to change your to change your state we're going to do that now is that okay.

Can we do some exercises together some drills all right. You guys ready to play. So. First and foremost if you're going to do this make sure you're not driving your car if you're listening to this webinar while driving and you want to actually experience this for yourself find a parking lot put the car in drive or in park turn off the ignition put the parking brake on make sure you're not going to be disturbed right.

And make sure that nobody's going to come knocking on your door or the cat's not going to jump on your keyboard or whatever people going to look. At you here all right. I'll invite you. First of all.

I want you to stand up if you can. I want you to close your eyes. Okay. And.

I want you to think back to a time in your life where you saw something you really really wanted. I mean like honest kind of on a lust factor of zero to ten it was like a 27. I want you to remember that thing you and yeah the caveat is something you you realize that you wanted you made a plan you put that plan into operation you work that plan over around through adapted as you needed to and boom you nailed it home run. I want you to remember that moment of victory what were you seeing in that moment what were you hearing what were you smelling what were you tasting because when you do that when you're in that space and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful.

Unstoppable feeling of victory that you get. I want you to close your eyes. And notice that there's a place in your body or those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it and as you do that. I'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings now you don't have to type it in the chat you don't have to tell me.

But just know in your mind what color or colors that is for you. First impression. I want you to notice how your posture begins to shift how the feelings in your body begin to shift and change. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart you imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how your entire physiology begins to shift and change that ball of energy that.

Victory begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of. Triumph of. Victory a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all defeats all lost real or imagined that motivates you and inspires you to. Unstoppable unbreakable action and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like fuel fills up a tank anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead when you're done testing go ahead take a moment type in the chat what just happened wow. I feel invigorated.

State yes. How fast was it can't steal my thunder. I love that all right. You guys ready to play some more you want to play some more yes.

Or yes. As. T hardbacker would say you want to play more yes. Or yes.

Super quick all right. Very good all right. Now. I want you to close your eyes.

And. I want you to think back to a time in your life when you were having the most fun ever when you were being the most playful easy going don't really care. How. It.

Ends you just want to have you're just having fun doing it. I want you to remember that moment close your eyes. And go back there and. I always wonder when people go back into that space what might you see when you're in that place what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because as you do that when you're in that place of absolute fun playfulness curiosity you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know this is the best fun ever and there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow and where they spread from just like before point to where you feel it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings.

I always wonder what color colors that might be for you. First impression. But whatever it is just like before imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of fun pleasure playfulness curiosity a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protect me from all downers real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an irresistible ever expanding.

Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got it it's locked in breathe that fun playful curious energy through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up the balloon let it mingle and merge with that energy of. Victory and transformation and going for it let it imprint and move into every cell of your body changing transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful playful achievement. Factory a victory furnace each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply when you know you've got that there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place breathe another blast of that energy through your body and notice it doubling in size and strength doubling in force and magnitude. So it's locked in it's impossible to turn off when you don't when you realize it's impossible to turn off test it drive it turn it off and notice what happens instead type in the chat what you discovered.

Goosebumps yay buddy okay. Very good all right. So this is how we begin to control our state this is a very simple technique it's it's and it's drawn from um the identity by. Design and secrets of personal transformation system.

So let me just show you this really quick. So this is the full system the identity by. Design style it starts with. General negativity clearing specialized negativity clearing default driver.

States internal dialogue temporal editing a priority priming and trade installation. So let me explain what this is for you really really quick there's negativity that we accom we accumulate that we don't even know about. But we can get rid of it without having to delve deep into it's kind of like soaking the pot before you put it in the dishwasher. Then you have certain types of issues circumstances hold on a.

Second oops uh it's not letting me you might have to annotate hold on a. Second this is specialized negativity every now and. Then you're going to uh you're going to encounter situations and circumstances that your unconscious mind is trying to protect you from and. So this level of the technique deals with that.

Then we're going to install four basic driver. States into you these are the states of playful curious triumphant and uh. Victorious or. I'm sorry playful curious.

Relentless and triumphant these allow you to really uh move through the world from this kind of like the stature and now imagine what your what would your life be like if this is your normal what you just experienced let me let me jump out of this really quick and stop sharing. So here's a question for you how do you guys you guys are feeling pretty pretty spunky right. Now right. Pretty.

Unstoppable yes. Yes. Or yes. Okay.

What would your what would your life be like if this was your normal what would your life be like if this was how you moved through the world and. Then it just got better that's the goal and that's what the. Third level of the identity by. Design.

Silo is designed to give you the tools to do it's designed to allow you to customize the the normal psycho-emotional states that you go through on a day-to-day basis and. Then be able to amp it up whenever you want after that we work on your internal voices you all have a voice that talks to y'all know what. I'm talking about it's that voice inside your head that just said what voice the one that criticizes you talk to you we systematically retrain that voice. So that it builds you up and tells you all the reasons why you deserve something instead of all the reasons why you don't right.

Every time we do this there's not a dry eye in the house because now that lifelong critic that you've been struggling with and fighting against and letting it run your life is now telling you all the reasons why you can succeed why you do deserve it goes right. To your identity level right. That's level four in the identity by. Design system what if you could systematically remove all the negativity from your past take that energy put it into all your positive memories.

So that when you look. Back on your past you only remembered it in ways that made your life better and those memories were. So charged. So positive.

So powerful you couldn't stop yourself if you tried from moving forward that's level five level six is what if we could take all this stuff the the ability to generally remove the negativity to remove the laws that are keeping you stuck to take those default driver. States take that internal dialogue transformation you just had and all that ability to reprogram your password what if we took. All that and we installed it in your newborn bot in your in your fetal body at the. DNA level.

So that these skills and the ability to do this was actually hard-coded into your your genealogy how many of you familiar with uh epigenetics and uh. But. Dr. Bruce lipton's work that's what stage six of the identity by.

Design. Silo is what if you could take all the traits quality characteristics of people who you admire whose skill sets you'd like to have and build them into your own brain into your own body. So that you could have those skills on tap what would that be like the red cop exactly. Jennifer that's stage six of the identity by.

Design. Silo okay. The pieces. I'm doing with you right.

Now happen at about stage two these these techniques like the spinning and the color breathing that we just did they're they're part of the stage two training when you're going from stage two to stage three that's where you can find the techniques that we're doing right. Here right. Now. So.

I just wanted to kind of does that kind of give you a context of you see how powerful just teeny tiny pieces of the system are right. Obviously. I can't do everything. But you don't need a whole lot to make some powerful changes you just got to know where to point this stuff.

So now what if you you guys feel pretty motivated pretty uh pretty iron pretty bulletproof right. Now in terms of your ability to go and get stuff now really quick question and again if this was not true for you you will avoid accepting this as a suggestion how many of you may have noticed that when you were you were amping up your system. Then in the background there are some few icky feelings trying to poke its head up anybody notice that okay. Very good those are limiting beliefs those are the dominant thoughts that you didn't know you had that were connected to the feelings you're trying to express this is one of the things that shortcuts our affirmation process because if you follow the.

Law of. Attraction. Law of. Attraction says you'll attract into your life situation circumstances and events that are harming with your dominant thoughts well we mistakenly believe that our dominant thoughts are the ones we're conscious of.

But they're not our dominant thoughts are the syst are the little thought bubbles the stored memories and stories locked in our tissues that activate when we try to move forward. So we're going to show you in a very simple clear easy way once you find those things how to get rid of them is that cool we'll do that in part three of the webinar is that fair we'll. Circle back and show you how to get rid of that okay. Now what if you could tap into as motivated as you feel right.

Now what if you could tap into a source of unlimited. Unstoppable motivation and desire for something a state. So powerful you'd let nothing get in your way would that be helpful what if you could emotionally. Bond other humans to your product service or yourself in a way that you satisfy their deepest most powerful emotional desires would that be useful okay.

That's what we're going to do. Next is that okay. Now a really quick question because. I want to make sure that you're all kind of with me on this am.

I delivering on my promise teach you the things you can learn am. I am. I are we moving forward in that cool all right. So this.

Next drill we call this the emotional if we're doing it on ourselves it's called the emotional motivation checklist if we're doing this with other people it's called the emotional bonding checklist. So it's the same process the name change just denotes him as a personal process. I'm doing on myself or is it a process. I'm using with a client a potential date somebody in a negotiation remediation those kinds of things does that make sense now this thing is nuclear if you really.

Master this people will just do business with you by default okay. But you have to do it right. If you use this on yourself you will tap into the most powerful emotional triggers for getting up and taking action okay. It's that powerful.

I have not found a single thing in my entire 30 or 40. Years of persuasion research that trumps this that beats it that that goes that doesn't go that can overpower this okay. This is why it forms the persuasion. Bullseye if you come to our secrets of human influence training uh in a couple of weeks you'll be you'll be introduced to something called the universal persuasion protocol the bullseye is what.

I'm about to teach you right. So you guys ready to play a little bit you guys want to feel good type in the chat okay. Now here's what you need to do. I want you to get out a piece of paper and a pencil piece of paper and a pencil and.

I want you to stop from close your eyes. And think about what you wanted to get from today's trade in other words when you saw me promoting this training he said oh. I need that. I can use that what do you need or want to use it for now you don't have to type it in the chat.

I don't need to know that now if you want to share it you can and. I'll. I'm going to use it as an example. But assuming.

I've delivered up my promise. I've given you the skill sets to achieve that what's important about that. So this is your underneath what what you came here to get and what it's going to do for you. So why did you come to this webinar what's it going to do for you right.

And underneath that. I want you to write a number one and the question what's important about that. So let me let me let me um. I'll show you a template really quick.

So this is the emotional motivation checklist can you guys see it okay. So the emotional motivation drill what did you want from this webinar okay. What did you want to be able to do from this webinar what's it going to do for you and. Then and.

I want you to fill in these blanks for yourself once you have that filled out ask yourself the question what's important about getting that what's important about getting that whatever now the. First thing that pops up is what you write on the line use the exact words that come up. I can't stress this enough whatever pops up in the in your mind don't edit it don't try to change it feel it hear it come up from inside your unconscious mind write it down on the sheet once you have that written down. So let's say.

I came here to. I'm gonna like one of the guy says to be influential right. I'm gonna ask what's important about being influential. I.

I get what. I want whatever. I want and if. I were to get whatever.

I want what's important about that. I feel safe now these are just examples your answers are going to be your own. Okay. So you guys thought now.

I would even go one level further if. I got the tools to be influential. So. I could get whatever.

I want. So. I could feel safe foreign what's that going to do for me and what's important about it okay. And remember use the words that pop up.

First in your mind okay. Write them down write them down a. Second. I gotta see my chats here okay.

Now when you're done type done in the chat done excellent. So you should have at least three answers to the question what's important about true or false you have at least three answers to the question what's important about four excellent. Jennifer you can have more it's okay. Five is great perfect now here's what.

I want you to do. I want again if you're doing if you're driving don't do this. But. I want you to stand up as good as you feel right.

Now. I want you to take an inventory of your body and notice how you feel. Then what. I want you to do is.

I want you to take your notes. I want you to hold it up at about a 45 degree angle to your eyes. Okay. I want you to read out loud only the answers to the what's important about question.

I want you to read them out loud five times read them out loud five times when you've read them out loud five times and you link everything that we're doing to this webinar and do the instructions you're getting type done in the chat done excellent rather okay. Yes. It's achievable um. Michael says done.

Lisa says done all right. Take your take as much time as you need really some of you are going to want to want to keep you're not going to want to stop. Jennifer says done done very good now what did you notice what what is your body like now what are the feelings in your body now how bad are you ready to go get it on fire. I'm crying very good that are you motivated my friends are you motivated all right.

Well if you're motivated with your permission. I'd like to share with you a special. I'm going to share with you the elements of the system. I showed you the big picture on the system.

I put together the system and a whole bunch of extra programs to flesh out your learning and help you take this feeling and take it into the stratosphere okay. But if you just did nothing. Then what you got from this webinar you're already. Unstoppable.

But we're gonna we're gonna continue to deliver we're going to continue to give you more okay. Aurora is asking if. I can show the questions again um. I will show them when we come back from part two.

So you can copy them down okay. Yep here's the secret now imagine customers with imagine from if you're if you have prospects clients or customers as motivated to go forward and take charge of your life and and grab whatever. I'm telling you to do is what would it be like if all of your customers your potential dates mating prospects uh negotiating. Partners networking people what if you could install this level of.

Desire in them about you what would happen because you just got the tool to do it you just got. I just gave it to you for free right. Yes. It can be very dangerous which is why you have to use it with honesty truth and integrity okay.

I've literally shown you how to open up a person's heart find their. Heartstrings and play a song right. Okay. I told you.

I'm going to show you now try to procrastinate now about going forward and notice what happens instead try to put something off that you really no. Chance in how. Robin says nope stronger yep boom right. It totally doesn't work okay.

Yeah that's. Anyway yep boom there you go all right. Oh no. It does work he changed his answer powerful can do.

So much goodness yes. Yes. You can you can make your life exactly what you want it to be you can blow out anything that gets in your way and. I just gave you a teeny piece.

But we're not done okay. But. I wanted to inspire you. I wanted to show you what's possible we ready to look.

At the entire system yes. Or yes. Okay. With your permission and without further ado this usually takes about 35 to 45 minutes.

Then we're going to circle back and we're going to show you resistance removal because a lot of you are asking about it and we're going to show you uh how to get rid of limiting beliefs if that helps okay. But again. I'm going to ask you what you actually want to learn about. So if most of you want to do something else we'll do that uh where's my.

PowerPoint. So for those of you who want to take things to the. Next level and with your permission. I'd like to talk to you about our.

Flagship personal transformation and empowerment program this is called the secrets of. Personality transformation. Ultra mind control training for. Success home study course it is a deep dive into the.

Art and. Science of transforming your mind for the purpose of learning to quickly and easily take your life to the. Next level to help yourself earn more money in your life whether it's for your own business working for somebody else's. Corporation to become more attractive both to money to opportunities to remove blocks to your success to gain the successes that you truly want to become more confident to help more people to become truly powerful.

Charming charismatic irresistible and dot dot dot add any other attribute or skill set that you want to this list it is possible with the technology. I'm. I'm sharing with you on this webinar and the full program that we're about to go into. So everything.

I'm about to share with you has a due date it expires tonight. October 13 2022 at 11 59 pm okay. If you're already fired up and you want to go ahead and get a jump on what. I'm about to say.

I'll put. I. I don't normally do this. But.

I see a lot of people are really curious. So. I'll put this in the. I'll put this in the chat.

But everything today expires at 11 59 pm and slots and courses are limited. So let's talk about what you're going to be getting the. First thing we're going to start you off with remember that that seven stage or that six stage uh diagram. I showed you this is part of our sequence of.

Personality transformation home study course it's a 14 video downloadable streamable set of courses that covers the entire seven stage identity by design process it's going to teach you how to systematically clear unconsciously held beliefs and negative emotions beliefs you didn't even know you had okay. It's going to teach you how to find them remove them and get rid of them in the fastest shortest amount of time possible and replace them with what you want instead it's going to teach you how to remove unconscious safety rules now safety rules are arbitrary decisions about what the what the unconscious mind makes that says what you're allowed to have what you're allowed to do what you're not allowed to have what you're not allowed to do if you've ever known people who after going through a bad breakup they meet the perfect person and they just won't give they won't let that person have the time of day right. If they see somebody who's had a successful business and that for some reason they lose and they start another one and they lose it and. Then they go to start another business and they can't bring themselves to pull the trigger on that.

Third business what you're dealing with is a safety lesson the unconscious mind is oh my. God every time this person did this they got hurt my job is to make sure that never happens again how do. I do that. I know if they never have a new business if they never have another relationship they can't lose it and this pain will never happen again and your unconscious mind flips a switch and you can't get out of the gate now another way that this happens is let's say you've had an injury maybe you're a martial artist or you're some kind of extreme sports kind of a practitioner and you've injured yourself over and over and over again and you've you know maybe you've rushed the recovery and all of a sudden you get an injury that you should be able to bounce right.

Back from. But for some reason there's some nagging limiting range of motion there's always this background pain or dis or or discomfort that just won't go away no. Matter how much soft tissue work you get no. Matter what.

PT you go through or if something you go to a practitioner it goes away and it comes back once again what you're dealing with. I mean uh let me highlight this what you're dealing with are safety rules level two of the identity by design process allows you to just find the roots of it remove the safety lesson and put it in a place where an out actually needs to go. So your unconscious mind will actually let you do those things okay. It's super powerful it works on physical problems it works on emotional problems it works on behavioral problems any block that you have any pain or discomfort that you have that's not getting better chances are there's safety rules in place and this one technique will allow you to completely neutralize it and resolve it it's a 297 value.

But it's only a small piece of the identity by. Design. Silo what if you could remove all those negative voices in your head the ones that that hold you back and. So that they build you up instead of tearing you down that's level three it's a 297 value you're going to become an expert in how to do that what if you could install the four pillars of personal power and success playfulness curiosity relentlessness determination victory and what if you had the tools and the skills the abilities to customize and install in your own mind any emotional state that you want just like we did at the beginning of this webinar what if you could take it even further and amplify your self-esteem amplify your.

States all in one massive. Mega technique that's called the pillars of power exercise it's level four in the secrets of. Personality transformation process 297 value obviously you can tell just by how. I've talked about it it's way more than 297 value what if you could sanitize all the negativity from your past the traumas the fears the phobias the guilt the shame the rigs the pain what do you just dissolve and pull all the energy out of those memories crush him and have them blow away like.

Dust in the. Wind and take all that freed up energy and move them into your most powerful empowering positive memories and actually when you look. Back on the past you remember it only in ways that give you and make your life better that's what level six of the identity by design process is designed our level five. I'm sorry of the identity by design process is designed to do what if you could install the personal success template of other people into your genetic memory just like.

Bruce. Lipton says in epigenetics that's level six okay. And again install and bar it's level five and six. I'm sorry and of course everything comes with the real world hypnosis identity by.

Design course menu which has all of these techniques in it secrets of conversational hypnosis self-hypnosis uh self-programming total value is 2497 dollars. But as you can probably guess we're not going to stop there today is about transforming your life from the ground up and just keep going. So as powerful as this. Silo is.

I'm including some other special bonuses that will take this even further is that okay. To take it further cool all right. Cool. So if you if you enroll before 11 59 tonight.

October 13th we're gonna give you absolutely free these special bonuses the. First one is the actual identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course this is a diff this is the identity by. Design style taught from a completely different perspective it's going to teach you and qualify you to guide other people through this identity by.

Design. Silo. So now you don't have to do that if you don't want to. But if you're a coach or a.

Healer or a physician and you need to get inside somebody's head and remove those limiting beliefs dissolve that internal dialogue install traits that that allow them to become more successful you will be able to utilize and guide your clients your loved ones your patience through all or parts of this silo and create powerful rapid physical mental emotional and spiritual transformations okay. It'll allow you to systematically remove all their limiting beliefs systematically with all the negativity the stuff they didn't even know they had to get rid of those safety lessons that just keep them self-sabotaging themselves it'll help them to install the default driver states that allow them to become more empowered and to take charge of their life and to follow your instructions more perfectly it's going to allow you to sanitize the negativity from their past. So that those living beliefs and the sources of those living beliefs are gone forever it's going to allow you to install that entire sequence in their genetic memory. So their subconscious mind is biologically primed to automatically use these techniques to clear stuff and.

Then if they're coming to you for a specific set of skills you can take people who exemplify the the. A-list the. Apex of those skills create a template and have them literally install those skills and things into their own mind. So they can replicate them in the shortest amount of time possible okay.

So personal transformation is all about you identity by. Design it's all about you helping other people and getting paid to do it right. To take your life to the. Next level and help other people do the same thing total value is 1497 we're going to give it to you absolutely free 100 free just for enrolling in tonight's program okay.

Total combined value if you add them up is 2994. But we're not going to stop there a lot of you when it comes to reprogramming the subconscious mind are also fans of the. Law of. Attraction true or not true how many of you are believers in the.

Law of. Attraction and manifestation anybody out there okay. The hidden. Laws of.

Attraction is a program that. I created to help people manifest things faster and better it's derived from the identity by. Design. Silo.

But it takes these skills in a very very different direction this is going to allow you to systematically become more magnetic and unlock the power of your subconscious mind to find and remove energetic and spiritual blocks to your success health wealth and happiness even the blocks you didn't know you had it's going to allow you to become more on money magnet to influence people remotely to find and remove the hidden negativities in your energy. Fields as well as your subconscious mind to clear up the issues that just don't seem to go away if you've been to therapist after therapist practitioner after practitioner and goes away and. Then it comes back this will help you get rid of it we're going to teach you and. I gave how many of you guys were on the uh the uh the.

AMA. I did. Last night. I showed you a piece of what we call the information method this is a powerful new neurologically enhanced way to utilize the power of your nervous system to create affirmations that will just drive you to take action and pull things into your life it's like the uh if you combine this with the emotional motivation checklist that.

I we just did it just magnifies everything you see how powerful and what happened to you when you did the emotional motivation checklist you build this particular set of techniques into it and it becomes even more powerful and you start magnetizing and pulling vibrationally all the situation and circumstances and events that lead you to get the opportunities you want it gets you in the game it gets you taking action and all of a sudden stuff just starts happening okay. You'll be able to install the trades qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people remember an identity by. Design and personality transformation we say you can take the skills and attributes of people that you want to be more like and install them in your. Neurology in.

Hidden. Laws of. Attraction we teach you how to take the five core characteristics that all. Lucky people have and install them on steroids into your own neurology using the identity by.

Design silent and. Then we take it even further we teach you the most powerful manifestation tool. I have ever seen you may have heard me talk about it it's called image cycling people ask me about it all the time image cycling for me has been has become what. I call an engine of personal transformation it is one of the most powerful ways to create anything or to uncreate things.

I've ever seen and it works fast we're going to take you step by step through how to generate the image cycling checklist how to do the technique and how to actually calibrate and change the. The. Taste and the energetic um qualities of sealed bottles of water you'll be able to prove this to yourself okay. You don't have to believe it that's the best part you don't have to believe any of this for it to work for you you just got to do the drills if you do the drills the magic literally happens and you just keep doing it until you're exactly where you want to be hidden.

Laws of. Attraction mind magic and manifestation made easy it's a 1497 value we're giving this team free why because you're here and you're following the instructions and you're doing what you're supposed to do you're proving by your actions what you deserve to have and. I've and. I've always told my students and now.

I consider you my students and part of my extended family as well. I tell my students the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced. I'm giving this to you free because. I want you to do the one thing of the two that makes or breaks you.

I want you to take action. I want you to get in the game. I want you to decide you deserve more and do whatever it takes total combined value of everything that we've talked about. So far if you could buy it on our website is 5491 dollars.

But we're not stopping there because one of the what we've talked about up to this point has been all the inner game stuff what do you do inside your mind and your body to get yourself harmonized to get yourself motivated inspired cleared of all blocks to manifest opportunities. But many times remember. I said there's two things that stop us from taking action it's mindset and skill set the. First three courses the.

First three bonuses the two bonuses plus the major course is all about getting your mind and body harmonized and in the right. Space the. Next two are all about skills giving you that one ultimate skill set that you need to get what you want in life and that's the real world conversational hypnosis stealth. CPI.

Universal persuasion protocol you heard me talk about it you heard me mention it we're going to give you level one of the universal persuasion protocol training absolutely free why because the ability to influence and persuade to communicate with people in such a way that they eagerly want to do what you want them to do is the most important skill any human being needs living in a society where people need the way you get ahead the way you move forward is by ethically and honestly getting people to want to do what you want them to do and liking you for it and that's exactly what stealth. CPI is going to do for you it's going to teach you the. CPI algorithm the universal persuasion protocol six steps that if you just follow the formula people will automatically be salivating to do whatever you want them to do people will like love and trust you they will beg to buy your product or service okay. It'll allow you to instantly influence anyone anytime anywhere completely comfortably completely ethically completely honestly it'll allow you to emotionally.

Bond and connect with anyone you meet on demand even if you're not actually talking to them if they're across the room and you can see them you can connect and start to influence them to like love and trust you instantly sounds like science fiction. But. Then again don't believe me test it we're going to teach you the seven most powerful human language patterns that exist let me ask you a question. I want you to think about this for a moment what if you have the the magical ability to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener what could you do with a power like that that's what pattern number one teaches you that's the very.

First thing it lets you do it lets anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener even if they have nothing to do with each other even if the two things are completely nonsensical or antithetical because of the way your neurology is is wired when you use this language pattern the person's neurology puts it together in a way that makes sense to them and they just accept it it's crazy. But that's how it works that's one pattern there's six more what if you could make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things have absolutely nothing in common that's pattern two what if you could force a person's mind to pay attention only to the things you wanted them to pay attention to and ignore everything else while simultaneously creating automatic unconscious processes in their mind that they think is their idea would that be a useful skill to have yes. Or yes. What could you do with a skill like that that's what pattern number three does oh and while we're on pattern number three what if it didn't even matter if the person you were using it on knew you were doing it and it would still work what would that mean even that by like pattern number three in my world is the most powerful language pattern that exists it works on anybody who hears it or reads it even if they know what you're doing it's crazy it's it's absolutely crazy right.

But that's only three of the patterns what if you could elegantly powerfully force a person's internal mind movies the thoughts the feelings the the. Daydreams that they have. So to speak to be exactly what you describe with zero percent chance of failure and they would think it's their idea what could you do with that that's what pattern 4 does all right. Four patterns and you can pretty much rule the world right.

Now. I'm trusting that you're going to use this in an ethical and honorable way. But on the other side of this knowing how to do this allows you to detect when other people are trying to do it to you other people are doing are trying to do. So you can protect yourself from this kind of manipulation or using the people who are trying to do it to you are usually not the most ethical.

So they're using it in an unethical or manipulative way we're not going to do that we don't need to because if you do this you never need to lie to anybody about anything ever okay. So there's three other patterns. I'll let you discover those on your own as powerful as they are. I gave you the.

First four. But you'll learn more in the. Next assessment. I see we're having a lot of questions about uh it might be the website went down because too many people are going to it that's happened from time to time let me go ahead and put the customer service information in here for people and for those of you on our.

YouTube channel this is for you guys um. So now we're given a now what if you could have a little what if you could have them literally hanging on your every word this is actually what happens you become. So pleasurable to listen to that people will listen to you talk for hours for hours you it's. So powerful guys that you could repeat the same thing like five or six times and they would never catch it don't believe me get the system tested out it's crazy okay.

Um if you'd like to become more magnetically charismatic on commands control your state. So no. One can push your emotional buttons ever again and much much more that's what stealth. CPI is all about it's about giving you the medium to exert the influence to express the power that you've gained through the transformation process the identity by design process through the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction process it closes a circuit it bridges that that skill set. Gap. So that you can communicate with people in the way they most need to be communicated with.

So that they voluntarily eagerly lovingly in many cases do everything you want them to do for their reasons okay. No. I had one guy close a 1.2 billion dollar deal using half of this okay. Um combined value seven thousand four hundred and forty one dollars zero cents if you would try to buy them individually you get it all you get this whole course for free when you register before the end of the webinar okay.

But. I'm not done let's say you screwed this up let's say that the people that you want to help have all these limiting beliefs that they refuse to let go of that or they or for some reason you screwed up the universal persuasion protocol and they said no. But they gave you a objection that you know was or maybe the person with the limiting belief is you and you need to operate and install choices in you if you need to protect yourself from people trying to manipulate you this is a spit what. I'm about to show you is the coup de gras this is called.

Renegade reframing how to rapidly change beliefs and instantly overcome any objection in just minutes in this course you're going to get you're going to learn 14 mind-bending reframe techniques that literally let you in an instant overcome any objection that you're you encounter whether it comes from you whether it comes from a client a patient a sales. Prospect a loved one you'll just blow that thing out of the water and it's going to allow you to win any argument you find yourself in by changing the game and changing the frame and. I've said this to my persuasion and influence students anybody who controls the frame controls the game if you know this is for you if you know you need this click those links in the chat okay. There's a limited number of spots and there's a reason.

I'm gonna. I'm saying that. I haven't give. I've gotten gotten to the best part yet.

But there's a reason if you win you want to get in on this early okay. Um what if you could change any belief that you encounter in minutes including your own this is probably one of the best reasons for getting this program what if for every excuse or limiting belief that you had that kept you stuck what if you had at least 14 different ways to change it before you started combining them that's what. Renegade reframing is going to teach you to do it is the ultimate verbal and social and emotional self-defense skill set you can write. Unstoppable unbeatable sales copy you can create marketing and email letters that just neutralize objections before they have a chance to emerge you can dissolve your own living beliefs create more.

Choice more flexibility more freedom and what's best about what's what. I really love about this is that we actually include a game that you can play with this it's called the reframe game it's a set of playing cards with each of the reflame patterns on it. So what you literally do is you get a bunch of people together you get a list of limiting beliefs or things that are objectionable a person speaks a limiting belief they throw a card at you you have to use that pattern to beat or overcome the belief and. Then it's your turn we're trying to turn it into a drinking game.

But we're not drinking at it right. Now right. But it's a great way to have fun and gamify and become absolutely. Unstoppable and unbeatable in any form of human interaction it's a great party game and it really drives these patterns it also comes with templates and.

Stems that allow you to install the structure of these reframes at the unconscious level and there's and a whole bunch more it's a lot of fun. I you know a lot of people have taught these patterns in different ways this is the most fun. I've ever seen with people for people learning this and again think about it in context of everything you've learned and what it's going to let you do okay. So again one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value this is yours for free guys for those of you who see the value who see the uh and recognize the opportunity who want a better life to want to go in a different direction and you want the tools this is for you okay.

It's a combined value of nine thousand three hundred ninety one dollars. So let's review our whole package for today secrets of. Personality transformation 14 videos plus the manual and the. Seven stage identity by design process of two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give you absolutely free the real world hypnosis identity by.

Design hypnotherapy certification home study course it's a 1497 value we're going to give it to you free we're going to give you the hidden. Laws of. Attraction mind magic and manifestation. Master.

Class 1497 value we're going to give you give you the stealth. CPI level one universal persuasion protocol home study course that will give you all the abilities. I talked about if you just do the drills in a fun playful attitude a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're gonna give it to you free and. Finally we're going to throw in that.

Renegade reframing uh how to overcome any objection and change beliefs instantly home study course total combined value is nine thousand three hundred ninety one dollars. However for those of you who are ready for those of you who realize this will change your life who realize they're ready to take action. I want to give you. I want to make it super easy for you.

I want to give you the best deal humanly possible and still create tremendous value reciprocate reciprocally. So you're not going to have to pay nine thousand three hundred ninety one dollars you're not going to pay six thousand three hundred forty seven dollars you're not even going to pay five thousand three forty seven three three forty seven we're not even going to charge you 23.47. okay. For those of you who want to take your life to the. Next level who see the value who are ready for a change you can get it all for a low one-time investment of just 997. that's 997 and if you need to you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397. all you need to do to get yours right.

Now to get started is go to www.davidsonidernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d now. I thought. I think we see we saw some some challenges in the chat regarding the link were they posting a different link. I wasn't sure about that.

David. Schneider nlp.com forward slash link. Sandy uh if you need it if you need confirmation uh you can reach out to. Stephanie directly at 858 -282 -4663 now for those of you who are calling usually the phones are overrun if you call okay.

Make sure make sure make sure that you leave your name and your phone number if you do not leave your contact information you will not qualify for any of the bonuses okay. Um we will get back to you if you leave your contact information you will qualify for your uh for everything we're offering tonight okay. So all you need to do is go to www.davidsnidermlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d that's. David snydermlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d okay.

And again usually it um and if you if you don't hear from us within the. Next 24 hours make sure you reach out. But if you have any other questions now by the way if you're one of our veterans and you you want to take advantage of this course. But you already have some of these um some of these products get your course let.

Stephanie know we will let you substitute anything of equal or lesser value. So you can customize your program to be exactly what you want okay. We're very flexible that way okay. We're very flexible that way.

So all you got to do is go to www.davistnetternlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d that's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d. Rocco. Ricardo's in awesome all right. So while you're doing that what we're going to do is we're going to take a seven or eight minute break when we come back from the break when you come back from the break we're going to circle back and build on the foundations that we've laid we're going to start looking at how to remove limiting beliefs how to change and control your state put a dead stop halt to procrastination.

I'm going to give you a choice of about what you want to focus on for the rest of the webinar and all we're going to do for the rest of tonight's webinar is we're just going to train train and train and train we're going to learn technique we're going to practice it we're going to experience it we're going to do another technique until about seven ish or. So and. Then. I'll let you guys go out into the world and ply your trade use your skills and just make your life everything you want it to be.

So for those of you who are on the fence oh wait. I forgot in case you were wondering everything on this webinar comes with a 60-day money-back 100 guarantee okay. Take the course use it practice it apply it for 60 straight days if after 60 days you're not getting more dates making more money feeling more confident feeling more secure able to protect yourself overcome objections win arguments if you're not. Unstoppable in all the ways that you feel you need to be unstoppable pick up the phone send us an email we'll give you a refund let us help you through your sticking points if you're having any.

But if after 60 days this course isn't delivering we don't want your money we want you to be successful and we'll refund it there is absolutely zero risk to this do you deserve it. I can't answer that only you. I know you do. But the question is do you use it for 60 days if after 60 days it's not working we'll give you your money back and you can find something else that might okay.

So you have absolutely nothing to risk by jumping on this and going to www.davidsonlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d. I kind of jumped the gun a little bit on the brake. So. I'm gonna have to um by the way um just by a quick quick question is this enough or would you like more free stuff would you like more free stuff yes.

Or yes. I mean it's up to you. I mean. I can stop it right.

Here well yeah. I love free stuff yeah. I'm serious you want more free stuff all right. Here's how it works for the for the.

Next 19 people the. Next 19 people who grab this package not only going to get everything. I've just described with the 60-day money-back guarantee if you join before. I log off this webinar you'll get the following special bonuses free you're going to get a three-month trial membership to our.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and unlimited access for those 90 days to our 11-year video archive literally 11 years of training that. I've recorded where. I literally teach people how to do pretty much anything you can imagine everything from.

Law of. Attraction dating uh copywriting trauma resolution. Law of. Attraction accelerated learning um instant and.

Rapid inductions energy healing. Reiki chronic healing you name it let me explain this a little bit why this is such an amazing value okay. Uh let me jump out of this. So let me explain to you a little bit about the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program by the way our. Next meeting is this. Saturday.

So the way the. Mastermind mentoring program works we have run into every single month since. October this will be our 11th year anniversary since. October of 2010 and the way it works is you don't get a certificate from the mentoring program what you get is.

Hands-On training and feedback from me. So what happens is you log in or you show up in person. I literally go around the room and say. Gene what do you want to learn.

Grizzly what do you want to learn um uh. Bob one of you want to learn. Marianne what do you want to learn and. I literally write that stuff down on my board and.

I step back and. I look. At it and. I look.

Where all they they all intersect and. I create a lesson plan for you right. On the spot and. Then for the.

Next five hours. I drill you on those individual skills until you can do them in your sleep you will not get a certificate from the mentoring program what you will get is the one thing that takes you from over trained to action taking and achieving the ability to work with other live humans in a real setting get feedback hone and practice you'll be surrounded by people who have all the same interests that you do who want to work with other cool people who like to do cool stuff if that's something that you need and again it's the master key that takes you from interesting information to. Lasting transformation and. Unstoppable persuasion okay.

If you want you need to surround yourself with people who will support you give you feedback and help you develop the. NLP power. Mastermind has been doing that for 11. South.

I can't even do it because. I haven't have enough hands 11 solid years. But that's not all you get we have videotaped every single training from those 11 years and we have archived them on the. NLP power website our private.

Facebook. Page and at our diamond and gold and platinum level. YouTube channel. So if you're one of our diamond golden.

Platinum members you may see some of that okay. As an uh a member in good standing of the nlpr. Mastermind mentoring program you get unfed full access to the entire 11-year archive for the time you're in the. National you can binge watch stuff that's never been seen on.

YouTube never been turned into a product none of it you get it all for free. So if you like to binge watch our. Channel you'll love binge watching. The.

Mastermind because you'll see me working with people side by side hand in glove in all different types of context scenarios and fitting them together in ways nobody ever thought they could and you'll get the. Hands-On every. Saturday just like you need to take your life to the. Next level all right.

That's what the. NLP power. Mastermind mentioning program is all about and that's why it's been lasted. So long because it makes the difference and.

I want you to have every advantage in applying these skills okay. What would you do with what how much money could you make if you had these skills how much would your life be like right. Just take a moment think about it what's important about it right. That's what we're doing all right.

Let's go back to this total combined value it's actually way more than this if you think about it. But the total combined value for this is one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollars we're going to give it to you free total value combined is ten thousand seventy eight bucks. But now we're also going to throw in the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course this is a course. I created back in 2010 that allows you to instantly learn the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist and apply them in just a few hours.

Lily what if you could watch a couple of hours of video and instantly be able to do instant and. Rapid inductions on anyone you meet if you knew how to tap into their emotional hot buttons. If you could detect lies uh use its um use the seven most powerful language patterns it's all here it has books it has workbooks transcripts manuals bonus videos on anchoring some people were asking about anchoring yesterday if you want to learn about that stuff it's all in here right. It also has a an older version of the bonus copy of our hidden.

Laws of. Attraction original home study course. So you're going to get two versions of it. So this is a 997 dollar value we're going to give it to you free right.

We're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value 11 075 bucks now this is why. I was saying hold on to your butts because this is the this is the this is what. I've been waiting for normally when we do a webinar package we say okay. We've got a killer influence training coming up.

So and. So for those of you who grab this package uh before we log off you're going to get a free. VIP ticket to that event if we're doing um if we're doing like how to reprogram this a conscious mind a lot of times we'll give you a. VIP super ticket to um identity by.

Design this one's different this one we call the anything the. VIP. Anything. Goes.

Super ticket and what this is going to do for you it's going to give you free admission to any one training of your choice any three to five day certification boot camp it could be face reading it could be killer influence it could be identity by design it could be attraction mastery you get to pick some restrictions do apply any course five days and less you can just walk into the front of the room okay. This technique this ticket does not expire if you grab a hold of this ticket now and something comes up at the. Last minute that you can't attend all you do is pick up the phone or send an email let. Stephanie know we'll move you to another training if your schedule frees up at the.

Last minute at the. Last minute and you can now go. But this training is full you show your. VIP ticket we'll make a space for you if the price of the event you want to go to goes up it doesn't affect you you just walk right.

In okay. If you want to give this as a gift to someone you care about someone who you think can really benefit from this training you can do that too this. Tech this you have this ticket until you actually use it. I've had people get these.

VIP tickets and wait three four years to cash it in and it's perfectly fine. So you see down here at the lower corner you might want to take a screenshot uh what we've got coming up. December 5th through the 7th is a face meeting in. Las.

Vegas uh killer influence five-day hypnosis. Camp uh 24 uh. January 24th through the 28th in. Las.

Vegas the attraction. Mastery. Program is. February 8th through the 11th and.

Then the identity by. Design hypnotherapy and. Home. State uh hypnotherapy live certification is.

March 21st through the 25th 2023 you can pick any one of these doesn't matter which one you choose if you have one of these anything goes. VIP super tickets you just walk to the head of the line it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free because nothing replaces a live event in a live event. I have you for three to five days. I can watch you.

I can manage. I can. I can coach you. I can mentor you.

I can give you the feedback that you need and. I can make sure and. I can make drills up right. On the spot to make sure you own these skills before you leave this is why our live trainings will never go away because it's the one place you can get fully certified because.

I'm right. There my my top trainers and handlers are right. Beside you making sure you're doing the drills and getting the skills okay. It's all for you.

But this is only available to the. First 19 people who click that buy now button and register for this package okay. It's a 13 325 value and again here's what you get in secrets of. Personality transformation 2497 value identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study course one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value free identity about his uh hidden. Laws of. Attraction 1497 value free hidden. Laws of.

Attraction manifestation and mind control. Mastery home study course 1497 value free hidden. Laws of. Attraction.

I'm sorry stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value free. Then again reframing free.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program free stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course free and. Finally the. VIP.

Anything. Goes. Super ticket your choice of any single live event in any calendar coming forward you get it absolutely free it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value all you got you can get it all for one low investment of 9.97. or you can break it up if you need to into three easy invest installments of 397 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.davidsnidermlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d that's www.davidsnidermlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d one more time with feeling www.davidsnidermlp.com forward slash mine grab yours now once those 19 slots are gone they're gone okay. If you have any questions give.

Stephanie a call at this information and now we're going to actually take our break. So. I will see you it is 5 56 right. Now.

I will see. Jeremy's in yes. Um. I will see you at 6-0 604.

Lisa is in yes. Lisa she did the math all right. We'll see in seven minutes all right. Folks.

I'm back from my break early. So while we're waiting for everybody else to get back does anybody have any questions about anything we've talked about this is what. I like to do when you're as you're getting your stuff handled is. I like to kind of take your temperature and and see if there's anything that.

I can answer for you before we get back into the content of tonight's webinar what do you got any questions not about the package. I mean about uh where's the payment plan. Cynthia should uh or not. Cynthia um.

Stephanie should be able to help you with that call her directly at 858 282-4663 and she should be able to help you set that up okay. Well. I see one question here. So.

Sharky's asking how do you turn a note into a yes. Within yourself transform the list of. I don't want this to to this is what. I want and what language do we use to articulate this list say like a bankster list how do we state it and how do we say oh it's great actually that feeds right.

Into um some of the things we're going to be doing on part three of the webinar. So um that's definitely something we can address. Tanisha says that question is helpful. So where does overwhelm play into this uh you're gonna have to uh elaborate on that.

Cynthia because. I don't know what that means or in what context. I had a hard time reading the list quickly you don't have to read it quickly we talk are you taught uh. Tanisha are you talking about the emotional motivation checklist you don't need to read that quickly at all in fact it's actually a little better if you read it slowly because that gives your neurology time to really tap into the feelings oh yeah.

I do. I do move fast when we're doing the exercise primarily because um. I don't have you in front of me. So.

I can't gauge. I can't gauge where you're you know the pace that you're going. So the secret to that is very simple trust your unconscious mind to take as long or as fast as you need to complete each step you don't have to worry about keeping up with me as long as your unconscious mind can hear what. I'm saying it can do it in its own time in fact we'll we'll address that.

But it's a great question. Lisa says send an email to. Stephanie that's what. I did um when he's asking when preparing myself to learn.

I need a plan to organize the information do you have a recommendation on how to set an order of lessons well they're in that that's. Oh you mean for the package absolutely start with start with uh the secrets of. Personality transformation and. Then go into identity by.

Design from there decide if you need more skill sets for dealing with people or dealing with yourself. So from for what. I would recommend is that you actually use this personality transformation. First supplement that with identity by.

Design jump into stealth cpi1 come to the masterminds to practice those skills on live human beings okay. And. Then after you've got those under your belt decide if you want to focus on the metaphysical manifestation aspects of the training or if you want to deal with real world objection handling and things like that. So the core training for most of you will be sequence of.

Personality transformation identity by. Design stealth. CPI and. Then you decide which direction you want to go after that that's what gives you the biggest bang for your buck in terms of balancing your inner game with your outer game okay.

So. Eddie is saying isn't doing these exercises. I feel like. Harry.

Potter trying to find something happy to train against. Dementors. I learned very young not to feel we can fix that in fact we'll show you how to do it okay. Chris.

K how about overwhelm what that shuts your body down into collapse instead of fight or flight that's actually we teach that a lot in secrets of. Personality transformation and we cover it big time in stealth. CPI it's all about we have two types of. State.

Control physiological. State control and um volitional. State. Control we'll talk we can talk about that a little bit.

But you'll learn it in depth in. CP in style. CPI one. Tanisha says not criticizing that's not fine that's fine how can.

I address it just complete and utter overall. I don't know what that means. I feel often feel very overwhelmed when. I start a project or change okay.

I can show you how to fix that well here's the thing this is a great place to start this actually may be a cool little side road for everybody what was the 21 words about and where was the. PDF uh if you go to drdavid.club they'll you'll find a little sign in form that allows you to sign up for the the. PDF with the 21 most powerful words in the language okay. Okay.

Um okay. I'd like to know how to help. ADHD autism control okay. All right.

You're about to get those tools okay. Very good. I hope. I can save this chat because these are some really really good asks all right.

So without further. Ado let's get back to training let's start let's start diving in on this shall we okay. Now let's go back to some basics. First and foremost everything human beings do let me kind of back up a little bit here and see if.

I can get them good can everybody see me okay. Yes. Yes. Excellent perfect all right.

By the way pretty much all the questions you guys have asked are actually answered in your courses that's what's. So cool is everything that you're asking me and that goes into you can do it in depth. But let's let's talk about things that were brought up things like overwhelm or not feeling a certain being able to access a certain feeling. So one of the things that we need to understand is that everything human beings do let's go back to the just the the full basic idea everything human beings do a has a structure it has a structure okay.

Once you understand that structure and you know how the nervous system manipulates that structure you can deliberately go in and make changes. But you have to understand how the system works and you have to combine three or four basic things a you need to be playful or at least curious in. Exploration. Second thing is you need to be intentional you need to be imaginational and you need to get your body involved in the change work okay.

So let's start with a basic exercise shall we and this this one exercise has within it the answer to the most of your questions here all right. You guys remember when we did that whole state control thing you guys remember that type in the chat if you remember when we remember something we saw we breathed the color we set we stood a certain way you guys remember that you guys remember when we um did your emotional motivation checklist yes. All right. Let's pull back the curtain let me show you how your system works.

But we're gonna what we're going to do is before. I give you the explanation. I'm going to give you the experience okay. So.

First thing. I want you to do is think of a. Feeling or a state that you want more of. I don't care if it's pleasure.

I don't care if it's orgasms. I don't care if it's the best high you've ever had. I don't care if it's a sense of certainty or. I don't care what it is.

But. I want you to fly back on the wings of time in your own mind to a time when you felt that way now. First hack let's say you want to feel pleasure right. But you don't remember ever feeling pleasure which.

I find very hard to believe. But doesn't matter. Then you you change the language you ask your neurology okay. This this activates an important phenomenon you're going to learn about in transformation and identity by design called the somatic search engine the somatic search engine is like the.

Google of your autonomic nervous system it must by its very programming seek to give you the information you ask for. But only the information that you asked for. So many times the solution to your problem is in how you ask the question you follow me. I mean this will be again it's all in the course.

But we'll cover it the solution is often in the question. So for example how many of you have how many of you know have ever heard of this thing called. Google type in the chat if you've heard of. Google okay.

I know that seems like a stupid question. But we're gonna just get real basic here's what. I want you to understand how many of you ever asked. Google a question how do.

I do. X or where do. I find y yes. Or yes.

Okay. How many of you have ever noticed that the information. Google gives you changes depending on how you ask the question exactly your neurology does exactly the same thing all that's all that's required for you to be able to make any change you want is to be playful absorbed and focused playful absorbed and focused like when you were a little child how many people have every little children type it in the chat okay. How many of you when you were little children play pretend okay.

Every now and. Then you get someone in the audience goes not me. I was born in a test tube. I spent my life doing computational models and calculus.

I never played pretend right. Well if you have never played pretend this is probably if you've never been a child this is probably not the webinar for you if you're from. Mars this is probably not the webinar for you. But if you've ever been a little kid and you played pretend some of you played superhero right.

Some of you played. Cowboys and. Indians can. I even say that now is that politically correct or incorrect.

I don't even know anymore some people have you played teacups or tea parties some people play doctors some people played a house right. I want you to start from one remember your favorite pretend experience like maybe you're playing toy soldier right. Maybe you know you're out in the backyard you got a toy gun or you pick up a stick and you're pretending it's a toy gun right. And there's a part of your brain that knows that what you're holding is not a real gun it's just a stick or a toy for about the.

First five minutes six and a half minutes. Later you're really. Rambo this is really an. AK-47 and you're just wondering shooting all the bad guys right.

And you're chucking and you're driving or maybe you're playing teacups or school teacher with your stuffed animals and you're asking your stuffed animals questions and you're imagining and hearing their answers in your mind anybody ever had experiences like this type that in the chat okay. Let me ask you a question when you were in that moment were you asleep were you absorbed in what you were doing were you focused were you having a ball ladies and gentlemen my beloved students if you can do that and point to where you feel something you can make any change that you want it's literally that simple okay. And. I give you those examples.

So that you can understand what. I mean when. I talk about absorption and focus absorption and focus is not this trying to just summon up all of your willpower and to to think about it if you're experiencing any form of tension when you're doing this you're trying too hard okay. But that playful easy going inspirational just becoming absorbed in it that's what we're going for okay.

How many of you have ever seen a movie. I know weird question right. Maybe you're you know. But let's think about it for a moment right.

You you walk into the movie theater right. You got your big bucket of popcorn in one hand best guy or best girl on the other side you're walking down the aisle wondering which one's going to be more fun right. And. Then the lights go down and the curtain opens and the movie starts can you tell me at what moment you became completely absorbed in that experience the answer should be no.

Because if you could tell me you weren't really absorbed right. Ladies and gentlemen that's all you need that's all you give me just follow against if you have that you have the core of what it takes to unify all the different divisions of your nervous system in a fun playful explorational way that gives you control once you understand the structure and you can access the dashboard you can program any change you want oh. I'm gonna do more than make you believe you're going to experience it. Delilah okay.

So here's what. I want you to do sorry for that something got blurry for me for a moment let me just see if. I can fix that best part is you don't need to believe it dear. Lila.

Ford to be true one of my more controversial students loves to say the universe doesn't care what. I believe. So why should. I right.

Hi. Seth you're my buddy all right. So here's what we're gonna do once you if you're not if again hopefully you're not driving if you are driving do not do what. I'm about to teach you okay.

So remember somatic search engine the way you ask the question will determine what information you can access again there's a full training here's two full trainings on this in your package. But let's just go through some basic nuts and bolts. First and foremost. I want you to think of a time in your life when you felt the state you'd like to have okay.

So if you want confidence fine. I like to play with things that are really simple things like pleasure or fun or they're just really easy to do right. Some people some people like you know some people want to do safety and that's okay. But again we're trying to we can use it for that.

But what's the fun is on fun and pleasure are almost always easier than safety right. Because regardless of how small it is there's been some time in our life when we felt pleasure it doesn't have to be big that's the whole point it doesn't have to be a big thing. But you want to find the richest resource in your mind or body that you can't now let's say you just you have a block right. Then you change the language of the question you ask your nervous system you follow me.

I might ask myself what's the greatest moment of pleasure. I had in my life or the. First the top three moments of pleasure. I had in my life.

First one comes up point to where you feel it that's all you need to do. But what if you can't what if there's a lag. First of all sometimes all you got to do is wait for it it'll show up okay. But let's say worst case scenario you've never felt pleasure or you felt pleasure.

But you walled it off in some way for whatever reason. Then you just change the language of the question you add one word one word changes everything that word is might and the question sounds something like this if there were time in my life or there were a an experience in my life that was the most pleasurable fulfilling thrilling satisfying experience ever what might that be. First impression what might that be. First impression okay.

Pay attention to the. First thing that comes up okay. So if you're one of those people that's kind of got a little a little extra padding or insulation use that question might creates possibility where before there was none. I actually answered this uh in the pre pre-webinar chat.

I told people that hope creates possibilities where there were none before well one of the agents of. Hope is the word might and. So might injects an opportunity that wasn't there before based on your previous program again you don't need to know that. But.

I just want you there. So. First thing. I want you to do is think of a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever when you have it close your eyes.

And remember what that was like and as you do that. I often wonder about my students what might they be seeing in that pleasurable experience what might you be hearing what might you be smelling what might you be tasting because as you do that as you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful feeling that you get the feeling of absolute pleasure and there's a place in your body for those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment. First impression point to where you feel it as you point to it if there was a picture floating somewhere in the space around you a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it just go ahead. Reach.

Out. And. Touch it. I don't need you to type anything in the chat just follow the instructions where would you reach out to touch it once you've got that take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is now grab it physically grab it and now make sure we got the right. One make the front stretch the frame make it bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and notice what happens to the feelings in your body does it get stronger or does it get weaker it doesn't matter which one you do just know which one it is okay. Now bring that picture back to its original size slowly pull it closer to your body and notice does the feeling gets stronger or weaker whichever one you do is perfectly okay. Now put it back to where it was now let's take that picture lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket and notice what happens to the feelings in your body does it get stronger does it get weaker when you got that unwrap that picture hold it back up over your head now as you hold this pleasure above your head this picture of absolute pleasure or whatever state you actually want.

I want to teach you the most important thing you're going to learn tonight inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your reality you are the king or queen of your universe and you have absolutely every right. Privilege and authority to make any change that you want now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to take this picture that's your holding and just like you know what a frisbee is.

I want you to take this frisbee this picture. I want you to throw it all the way behind you till it disappears completely behind the. Horizon as it disappears completely scan your body and notice what happened to the feelings when you've got that lift your hands up imagine your hands are the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck that frisbee from. The.

Horizon right. Back into your hand and as you hold that powerful picture in your hands remember you have absolutely every right. Privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want and. I want you to take hold of your power right.

Now. I want you to take this picture and. I want you to do the one thing we resist doing. I want you to play with it.

I want you to make the picture bigger make it smaller move it in your body move it out of your body move it up move it down notice how every time you change something about the size or location of that picture the qualities and the feelings connected to that picture begin to change and modify as well and. I want you to keep playing with it keep playing with it keep moving it up down around over under whatever until you find the exact size shape location that makes it exactly the way you want it at the intensity that you want it and when you've got that. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change the energy flows from that picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream and from your bloodstream every place that blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very. DNA of those cells reprogramming transforming changing turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful.

Perpetual pleasure. Factor each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got it.

I want you to go ahead and fix that energy into place there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place and when you know you've got it test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead and. Then type in the chat once you notice. Maria says it really works uh-huh don't you gotta believe it you just gotta do it it gets stronger and more intense.

Robin says very good that was cool because it was like doing. Qigong with a picture yes. Because you are. Lisa says strong as hell right.

Lisa. Adam says it really works. I am that congratulations my friends to quote. Obi-Wan you've taken your.

First step into a much larger universe a universe where you actually have the power to make any change that you want for any reason that you want as inashi says it feels good good to see you again brother all right. So what you've just experienced is a technique you'll learn it in personality transformation and you'll learn it. Lisa says best ever. Perfect all right.

Great you guys make me proud all right. You do the drills you get the skills. So. Eric is saying physical in the throat chakra picture a melting chakra plunger energetic toes feeling good is it normal to feel it more on on one side yes.

Each and every one of you are going to express transformation a little bit differently one of the interesting the the the the comment was made earlier that this is kind of like doing. Qigong with a picture all. Qigong should have a picture all. Qigong should have a picture as human beings process their stuff there's usually a physiological manifestation some people break out in the sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up itchiness and yawning is purging yawning is.

I'm a yoner too you'll see a lot of times when. I'm putting people in a trench you'll just spontaneously start yawning. Samsung says feels. So good and with healthy clean power yeah buddy now this is something that what we just did is called the frame game and it's something.

I do with all prospective clients and it teaches it tells me in less than three minutes everything. I need to know about how they build their subjective experiences what they respond to and what they don't okay. And if you just took. This one drill and did it every day you would rapidly gain.

So much control over your own mind and body it would astonish you okay. This is the foundation of some a phenomena you'll learn about in your program called. The proprioceptive. Grid the proprioceptive grid is a map of how the human nervous system from the most coarse organic level to the highest spiritual level is organized and once you understand it feelings of overwhelm procrastination fear anxiety worry physical or emotional pain many forms if not most forms of chronic illness can be addressed very very powerfully very very quickly.

But you have to do it kind of like we did you've got to approach it using the right. Ingredients okay. And we're gonna we're gonna. I'm gonna give you a little bit more training on this in just a moment.

But for those of you who may have joined us late or who are on the fence about um about our the program that we're offering everything. I'm teaching you by the way is in the program. So again this is the secrets of. Personality transformation.

Ultra mind control training home study course in manual it's a 2497 value uh it includes the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course for free uh it includes the hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation and mind control training for free it controls this it all gives you the stealth.

CPI. Ultra persuasion protocol the most. Unstoppable hypnotic language program that exists uh it's 1 950 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing objection.

Mastery and conversational belief change home study course one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get the nlpower. Mastermind mentoring program it's a 1597 value you're gonna get it for free we're going to do the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course 997 value we're gonna give it to you free and of course for those of you who are absolutely serious. First 19 people to take advantage of this offer you're going to get that. VIP.

Anything. Goes. Super ticket your choice of any single three to five day event in our 2022 2023 and 2024 calendars and. Beyond all you got to do to get yours get one of the few remaining slots is go to www.davidsonlp.com forward slash and get all of it the 13 325 dollar package that has everything you need in it for one low investment of just 9.97 or if you want you can break that up into three easy installments of 397. it guys it my friends it doesn't get any easier than this okay.

This is a master class training that leads you into things that most people would consider science fiction. But you're experiencing them for real right. Now this will give you all the tools that you need to just keep going okay. Now you know if this is for you or not uh it doesn't get any easier and.

I'm here to help you every step of the way you get 60 days to try it if after 60 days you're not convinced it's the best thing since sliced bread if it's not if you're not on the fast track to becoming the best version of yourself we'll refund your money 100 no. Questions asked well we'll ask questions. But we'll still probably give you the refund okay. Just go to www.davidsonlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d it's daviscenter nlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d that being said let's get back to training all right.

So let me ask a quick question when you made your picture bigger what happened to the feeling just type it in the chat when you made your picture bigger what happened to the feeling and. Kimmy yes. This is recorded and you can view it again you will not qualify for the fast action bonuses. But you can view it again.

Sharkey says it surges the muscle body. Delilah says it diluted perfect why do. I say perfect you got two different answers because there's what we've noticed with people is that they fall into one of two or three categories okay. At least the same thing you have concentrators and expanders expanders you make the picture bigger it's like turning the volume knob up on the feelings.

Gwen says she started sweating sweating like a banshee. I didn't know. Banshee sweated. But that's a good sign uh concentrators the inverse is truth you make the picture bigger and you're a concentrator it dilutes the energy it dilutes the feeling okay.

It's not important which one you are there's no. Good or bad it's just important to know which one you are. So that you know how to change it concentrators if they make the picture smaller it intensifies the experience concentrators they make the picture bigger it dilutes the experience okay. Most people when you pull it closer feel the feel the intention connect.

Jennifer lost the connection. But she's bad that's okay. You can pick it up on the replay. Jennifer all right.

So the idea now is when you want to begin to recode your life experiences you know that making it bigger if you're an expander will make it stronger you know that making it smaller if you're a concentrator will make it more intense if you pull it closer to your body it will make the experience more intense now here's your rule of thumb when people go into overwhelm um. I do not know the term for this in. Korean unfortunately that's one of my languages that. I did not um pick up on um getting back to this when you hold on a.

Second. I lost my train of thought there um. So concentrators make it smaller gets more intense expanders make it bigger gets more intense when you pull it closer regardless of whether you're a concentrator or an expander the feeling tends to get stronger right. When people go into overwhelm if you ask them to point to where they feel it they can do that if you ask them to point to the picture almost without fail that picture will be here this far from the body and it will usually be big all you need to do stop for a moment and in color all right.

Stop for a moment think of something that overwhelms you point to where you feel it. Reach. Out touch the picture trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is and now just for fun put your hands on on the on the surface of it and push it away from you cross the road notice what happens to the feelings in your body type in the chat what happened to the feelings in your body okay.

Go out got it okay. They went with it yes. Fly. Away pushed it away huh wait.

David you mean you mean all we have to do to get rid of a negative feeling that overwhelms us just move it away from us yes. Yes. Okay. Felt constricting it.

First. Then it flew by itself right. Now if you encountered any kind of resistance to moving it. Then what you've got is a safety lesson that says it's not okay.

To get rid of it identity by. Design. Magic. Frame is what we do we fix that.

Next if there were a reason what process other than repetition optimizes performance anything that actual that activates neuroplasticity. Lori will optimize your performance and it will minimize the number of repetitions that you have to do. So um anything that triggers oxytocin and dopamine will accelerate your learning. Sandy says is it upset it is obsessed though to grasp.

But want to repel something too much no. Not at all you see one of the things. I want you to understand is there's a whole system behind this okay. I'm giving you bits and pieces.

But. I wanted you to have a real quick boom now if you're an expander point where you feel it push it away as you push it away make it smaller like the small size of a postage stamp and notice what happens to it if you're a concentrator as you push it away make it bigger. Robin says make it black and white yes. If it isn't in color if you make it black and white it tends to neutralize it.

But we want to stick with just for right. Now. I want to keep it super simple stay with location and size tell me what happens when you do that now that you know whether you're a concentrator or an expander what happens. Next type it in the chat okay.

Point where you feel it touch it and if you're a concentrator make it bigger and push it away stay changed very good okay. The more you play pretend with this the powerful gets now just for fun take that picture shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind grabs a hold of that shrunk down far away image moves it up over the top of your head and all the way behind you back behind the. Horizon and it sinks down below the. Horizon impossible to come back and if you could hear the sound of a hand or banging on a nail.

So that would be nailed back there for all eternity when it's nailed back there for. Ollie turn to test it try to bring it back notice what happens instead what do you notice totally gone. Lisa says it's totally gone. I'm laughing because that feels amazing how about that yes.

Go on wait a minute wait a minute. I need more. Nails that's all right. Put in a bank vault if you want you can use many nails as you want now my hand feels lighter how about that how does that freaking work it won't come back.

Samsung says. I feel like a little child free huh wait a minute you mean all that that. I've been carrying around all. I got to do is move it yeah.

But you see it's not that it's not just that you moved it it's the way you moved it it's the way you accessed the divisions of your nervous system that nature designed them to work together okay. Let me show you something let me show you something uh now you'll learn about this in your home study course in both identity by. Design and identity by and uh and secrets of. Personality.

Trend it's a core fundamental training this is your introduction to holographic memory where is it now here we go this will work okay. So you guys can see this right. What. I want you to focus on here this is what we just played with this is called the proprioceptive grid okay.

Some of you may noticed that when you found your picture and you made it bigger it got more intense some of you may have noticed that when you made it bigger it got less intense doesn't matter just know which one is which this is called this is the volume knob to your emotional amplitude anything that's in the forward aspect of your hemisphere your neurology treats like a file or a program that's open active pending or running the further out from the body you go the more disidentified or dissociated from the experience you are the less imminent it is. So your nervous system doesn't have the same fight-or-flight response or intensity level as this as this object moves towards the core of the body it's like telling the nervous system something's coming this is what it feels like until at some point you're in it this is like when you took. That picture lifted it up over your head and pulled it down around you like a big blanket type in the chat what happened when you pulled it around you like a big blanket was it like you were in it like you were seeing it through your own eyes. Yes.

Or yes. Okay. And maybe when it was out here you could see yourself in the picture if you're actually looking at the picture yep when he says. I was right.

Back there completely engulfed. So here's what happens is we project a file into this vibrational filing cabinet and we have a filing system and a code that tells us how to play it as that image passes through the layers of the body it becomes embodied or identified with as you process it out it starts to move away again what happened when you moved your picture behind you type it in the chat gone right. Again because you're going once again to. Continuum that we're looking at is you have the associated dissociated continuum and.

Then it's gone now the difference is the the dividing line is the axis of the body the spinal cord anything any file we'll just call it a holographic memory container for now oops oops any file that that is in the front of your body before we call the forward hemisphere your neurology categorizes it as a pro as something that's still open and operational when it reaches behind you your. Neurology. Now codes it as closed over and complete as far as your neurology is concerned it's all done you didn't need to know that to get the experience okay. But now that you do let's extrapolate a little bit now that you do know that what can you do with it play with pictures sorry.

I'm trying to fix my uh my stuff here all right. So let's say here's the other thing. I want you to understand about this now. NLP was really the discipline that kind of brought this phenomena out into the open.

But whether you know lack of further exploration uh a flaw in the belief system they assumed that these images or they called them four tuples were just a hallucination that they were just a something the brain generated and that might be true. But they never really gave it the possibility if there might be a vibrational correlation to these in other words there's a vibrational field holding this information in place that can be manipulated. So what we've done is we've shown you what we call the proprioceptive grid if such a thing as psychic abilities six senses did actually exist it would be your proprioceptive nervous system. But it wouldn't be your.

Sixth. Sense you'll be your sixth seventh eighth ninth tenth eleventh twelfth cents. I think it is. So 11 cents because there's at least six different channels of information that this grid this field tracks and processes below the threshold of conscious awareness every single thought memory belief fantasy daydream phobia trauma overwhelm.

Behavior that you generate is built from the same things and if you understand how your system builds those things you can easily modify them some of the most basic ones is understanding this idea of proximity and size if. I can point to where. I feel something good or bad. Then.

I can change it and. I can change it to anything. I want. So just for fun let's play a little bit shall we come on what are the names of those channels.

Jennifer visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory okay. You can think of them as thought forms if you're inclined to think along those lines okay. But those are the five vibrational channels of information that come together to form the structure of your thoughts the material from which they're constructed okay. Now do you need to know that to do what we're doing not really.

But. I want you to understand that there's a system here there's a map that you can follow that once you internalize it once you understand it allows you to customize your entire subjective experience it allows you to install things that you want it allows you to remove things you don't want okay. So here's what we're going to do you all have something that you want to change yes. Or yes.

Okay. So. I usually recommend that we don't do a. Godzilla level thing.

But since. I'm guiding you if you want to pick something that you want to change for the better we'll go with it right. Now keep in mind that some of you may do this slower than. I'm going some of you may do it faster because you know the technique and you experience with it just understand that if your unconscious mind can hear my words your unconscious mind can automatically follow the process just let it happen okay.

Okay. The secret to controlling your subconscious mind is to love your subconscious mind and play with your imagination okay. In your manuals you'll you'll see the six dynamics of an unconscious response and why you need to know them you'll see all about energy centered energy centered body. Psychotherapy and the somatic search engine somatic and gait all the things that.

I'm doing that make these techniques the power that they are you don't need to know all those things to be able to do the technique you just got a point to where you feel it have a fun playful explorational attitude tap into your ability to pretend and just play it really is that simple and we're going to experience that you don't need to overthink it right. If. I told you none of the things that. I just told you this technique would still work okay.

So here's the. First thing. I want you to do close your eyes. Think of something you want to change.

I recommend you start with something low. But. I know most of you won't. But that's okay.

Close your eyes. Point where you feel it as you point to where you feel it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to that feeling just understand what that color is for you. First impression and if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling and the reason behind it a picture that you could reach out and touch take your non-dominant hand. Reach.

Out touch that picture now take the other hand trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is and just make sure we got the right. One grab the edges up with both of your hands make it bigger notice as the feeling is stronger or weaker make it smaller does the feeling get stronger or weaker move it closer to your body does the feeling get stronger or weaker when you got that put it back to where it was as you look. At that picture.

I want you to imagine that you could put a big thick black picture frame all the way around the bigger and thicker and. Blacker the better and now most of you are probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. But. I want you to feel on the base of that frame and as you feel along the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television.

I want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast. I want you to turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide for yourself which one you like better whatever one you like better if you liked it wait it out turn it all the way to the white until the image whites out completely if you like it blacked out turn it all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely when you know that's done take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters there were some special lessons at this experience had to teach you positive or negative. I want you to take your magic finger and a glowing golden letters.

I want you to write across that white it out or blacked out screen everything this experience had to teach you positive or negative. So you could keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people they know instantly what those lessons were and they put them on that screen lickety-split no. Problem some people have no. Conscious idea what the lessons were.

But that's okay. Because your unconscious mind always knows and just like automatic writing. I just want you to let the unconscious mind begin to jot down in its own language what those lessons are as they come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them now some people draw squiggles some people draw pictures some people get pissed off and write you you you across the screen some people write with both fingers simultaneous like they're writing. Chinese and.

Hebrew at the same time. However your neurology does it it's perfectly okay. If feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen the screen will scroll like a tablet scroll. So you have an unlimited infinite writing space and just keep writing as those feelings come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them solve dissolved and resolved from the body solve dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right.

Reason when you know it's done all the lessons are kept and everything else has been let go reach up with both of your hands take that frame and shrink it the image inside of it all the way down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart that unconscious mind moves that postage size stamp thing all the way back behind you back. Beyond the. Horizon until it disappears completely and you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail or a nail gun banging in multiple. Nails feel it nailed back there for all eternity and possibly come back and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead and when you're done testing type in the chat what you discovered thank you that he says done because.

I wanna. I am now protected yes. How many of you broke out in the sweat anybody or twitched or yawned cold yep done yep deal sweat yep yawning clearing sweating yep it's not coming back most of the things that keep us stuck believe it or not okay. Most of the things that keep us magnitude color was golden okay.

Not coming back thank you very good all right. Beyond yawning is a sign of physical processing there's all kinds of uh the dial is called that's the eight energetic touches okay. Uh some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people get warm all over some people break out and sweat some people heave like they want to throw up some people choke everybody has different ways of expressing the transformation process. But all of it is just a sign of emotional purging the body's getting rid of the emotional toxicity that has been locked in the tissues because it's now no.

Longer necessary. So historically anytime. I became calm. I immediately got a migraine of course the training left me with a migraine now it is gone and.

I know why it was happening weird because it was. So clear yes. Want to sleep perfect stomach does feel sick that's they're they're all transitory they're going to pass. But let me explain something that um this gentleman who used to get the migraine brought up how many of you noticed as soon as that thing started going back there you started thinking about the event differently it was like all of a sudden oh.

I understand that now we call that a spontaneous reframe and it's almost in any intervention that works will result in a spontaneous reframe you'll understand that whole experience while completely different viewpoint now a lot of systems like especially. NLP will try to have the practitioner will try to reframe it for you. But many times when you successfully transform that vibrational energetic construct the reframe happens automatically and that's one of the ways that you know it's done okay. Um and you can do this technique for migraines as well.

So just ask a slightly different question there's a reason this migraine is there and there's a feeling connected to that reason where in my body do. I feel it going to where you feel it boom. Reach. Out touch the picture and do it again doesn't matter if it's a physical or mental or emotional pain doesn't matter your nervous system doesn't care yeah a lot of times people will still they'll they'll heave.

But they won't they won't actually vomit they'll go through the motions because they're not they're not physically vomiting they're energetically and emotionally vomiting again your body remembers what the energy body and the spirit body does all right. It's all connected right. And that's one of the reasons that this works. So powerful.

David is it possible just a physical hiatal hernia uh possibly. I've never worked with a hernia. But. I've seen weirder happen like.

I said if you're a. Healer whether you're a medical doctor a. Qigong healer a. Breaky person this repertoire of techniques is an absolute game changer what if the picture keeps coming back if the picture keeps coming back.

Alessandra what you're dealing with is a reason for holding on to it and. So there's a there's a feeling connected to the reason you're holding on to it where in your body does the feeling connected to that reason live now do a magic frame on that one and. Then you'll find the. Second the.

First picture is easier to get rid of yeah remember for every unit of energy you keep stored in your body you need an equal or lesser amount of energy to keep it there and your body has a finite amount of energy. Reserves. So you're gonna again your these these interventions are very very quick. But they're very deep and the purging keeps happening.

So the idea behind this is when you trigger this process in you let it come out right. Don't try to measure it manage it make it happen faster don't try to analyze it just let it happen fully experience everything because as it comes up it comes out and when it's out it's gone as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it this is one of the things that screws us up when it comes to transformation our body wants to purge. These. Feelings by bringing them back up.

But we don't understand that process. So we our our conscious mind creates an oh narrative around the body feelings as oh no. We don't want to think about that. So we stuff it back down and every time you stuff it back down you make it stronger the secret is when it comes up.

Let it let it come out because. Then you're done okay. You'll learn all about this in your identity by. Design training your personality transformation training and it's just the typical that's again this is level two of the seven stage process is this powerful yes.

Or yes. Okay. All right. That being said we've kind of hit our limit for today.

I want to thank you all for um for spending the night with me in in that non-weared way for those of you who are interested and who have been on the fence up until now this is the. Last chance to qualify for those three fast action bonuses you have until 11 59 tonight to get the core package. But if you want the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program the instant conversation of knows his crash course and the. VIP. Anything. Goes.

Super ticket um you need to grab it before. I log off the webinar tonight. Cynthia says thank you. David you are a true blessing well thank you very much that's that's.

I'm honored pay it forward it's. Edie not. Eddie thank you for correcting me. I wish you to corrected me sooner.

Edie all right. So once again just to remind you secrets of. Personality transformation. Universal.

Mind control training home study course 2497 value identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course 1497 we're gonna give it to you free hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation and mind control 1497 dollars free you stealth.

CPI. Universal persuasion protocol one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value free. Renegade reframing objection obliteration and the. Art of conversational belief change one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value free stealth our.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program 1597 value free stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course 997 value free and. Finally. VIP.

Anything. Goes. Super ticket your choice of any single live three to five day event in any of our calendars from now until the end of time 2 250 value yours absolutely free all you got to do to get yours go now go now go now for just 9.97 you can get it all 13 325 worth of training that will change every aspect of your life 60 days to try it out 997 dollars for three easy installments of 397. click this link click this link click this link now www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d click the link one more time with feeling www.davidsonidernlp.com forward slash mind click the link click the link click the link this is the. Last call right.

And we'll see you on the other side good night good night hold on a. Second in the words of the immortal caliber net this is my ritual. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song see if we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long my friends use your technology well go out make your life everything you want it to be and. I will see.
