Title: 2jeit6bspEs.txt
Video Id: 2jeit6bspEs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jeit6bspEs

How's that that's much better okay. All right. Okay. Crew.

Finally what a day what a day hey how about it yeah made it though. I did. I did and. So did you and.

I appreciate that thank you. So much for for jumping on here and spending some time. I'm excited to meet each in person. I've been watching some of your videos and and.

I've seen what you've been up to now after. Last many years and and you're doing some pretty awesome stuff. So. I'm like that guy's mesmerizing he needs to be on the show for that.

I actually caught your presentation it have no. Thoughts a couple years back oh no. Kid. I was awesome yeah.

I really enjoyed it it's fun oh well good well here we are oh my god. I gotta back this light off here in a. Second yeah. I've been at the hypnosis conferences for quite some time.

So. I missed them. But um you can only do. So much yeah well it's a pretty it's a pretty are you presenting it though yeah we're we're the you know.

God you know. God willing and the creek don't rise and you know we're we're usually the number one or number two presenter every every year our whole program is extremely popular. But you know the hitch is such an know you lost me yeah take your time it's all right. I'm used to this out there you are okay.

Sorry. I lost you for a. Second. Wow okay.

I don't know what's going on we're gonna work these bugs out before we record. No. All right. Now what was your answer about the are you still teaching yeah where we go every year okay.

And every year we've gotten a bigger we've created a bigger and bigger draw we've had more and more enthusiastic crowds and we've actually started to broaden the scope of what we're teaching we're actually doing body language training and facial personality profiles with facial characteristics from. Chinese medicine which has been has shown the system is shown to be remarkably accurate in in being able to kind of diagnose personality and temperament yeah that's that's shown to be really useful for therapy work as well in addition to jury selection and sales and and rats matchmaking actually is one of the most popular applications for it. So that's every year that gets bigger and bigger. Last couple no.

Like. I said. God willing and the creek don't rise you know every year we get voted one the top number two number three presenters and and. So that's exciting.

But you know the hypnosis niche is a very intimate niche just what. I was trying to say earlier before all our technical snafus hit and and. So. I only.

I make a kind of a joke is it up until very recently. I only hung out with hypnotist once a year yeah and that was that they at the hypnosis convention because most of the time. I'm actually reaching out to people who have problems that they want to solve without you know maybe necessarily be going to a hypnotist or being a hypnotist themselves and and that to me is. I think where we need to be focused yes.

We pull a lot of hypnotist in now. But that was never our focus it was always about people who had problems that they wanted to solve whether that what they were social problems or financial problems or relationship problems or what-have-you it was about finding the solutions for people to get the life they wanted the way they want it and. I got the call from. Richard and.

Scott to come and hang out and as it no. I didn't expect to go make anything. I just want to have fun and give as much information as. I could and and the thing just kind of snowballed.

But. But that's still where our focus is is actually on what. I call real people are normal people not hypnotist love them all. But you know there's a much bigger world out there yeah well when.

I was working with it and it's just. I spent a lot of time actually working on the hypnotist working on their confidence their business skills you know a lot of times they say the reason that that hypnosis may not seem mainstream is because of hypnotist it's true you know. I you know. I only slightly make a joke when.

I say you know amongst all the the the disciplines with the highest unemployment rate. I think the only unemployment rate that might be higher than hypnotist is actors yeah you know and a lot of it is because. I think and again. I'm gonna come going to draw heat from this statement.

But. I think a lot of it is. I just don't have enough skin in the game yeah you know there's a tree there and. I think you know we go when we and as you know.

I'll hypnotist society. I know there's there's outliers and exceptions to every rule. But most of us went to college or the equivalent thereof and we invested 30 40 50 60 thousand dollars in a degree and whether we stayed in that profession or not when we got out we found a job in that niche because that's what we invested in and. I think.

I think largely that the people who invest in themselves in terms of not just the money because. I know a lot of people who are like what. I call chronically over trained people and there's tons of certificates no. Clients yeah and and what they and and the mindset is you know achievers and the chronically overtrained have a lot of similar characteristics in common.

But though where the rubber kind of hits the road is that both both groups of people know that there's always more to learn mm-hmm right. They oh they know there's always something new to learn there's something more to learn. But this the achievers which is a smaller niche they know that. However much there is to learn what they have is enough to start and.

So they do yes. Right. The chronically overtrained well they can't start until they're finished. But they're never finished.

So they're never done and they never start yeah you know. So true yeah yeah it's just the confidence thing. So. I like that too you know.

I've complained a lot over the years that um in fact. I did a ask conference. I think. I did was a keynote for.

Robert. Otto's um program there in. Daytona. Beach and and.

I was talking about it. Then how you know if we're gonna get real serious as a profession we got to quit certifying people for $1,000 you know well we're for 500 bucks you know. I think that's that's definitely part of it. I think we need to make them work harder for those degrees and.

I think also the other side of that coin is when. I say they haven't paid they haven't got their skin in the game is they haven't they haven't done enough sessions which is by large one of the biggest the biggest hindrances is that people don't think they can actually do this work because. Allah and. I blame you know.

I'm gonna draw flak from this again. But. I blame trainers. I blend the trainer's for that because we have a very very condensed training program and it's a five-day training.

But they come out they're from with knowing nothing to being unstoppable at the end of five days. But it's literally because. I hope. I'll be your demographic doesn't mind that.

I use profanity good it's because we throw them in the from day one yeah yeah we get the intial yeah we do three times more hands-on than any other training program in the industry yeah and and yeah we don't give them scripts they have to figure this out right. From the beginning. So they get nice to that you know the. First thing we do at the very beginning of a training is we rehearse have reactions mm-hmm misting you have intend to put someone in chanson at some random moment they're gonna start out reacting and you gotta fix it.

So you get three or four times before you ever actually get to therapy work. So it's not gonna if you're not gonna you know your butt's not gonna pucker up and your brains are not gonna drop out because the unexpected happened or you know the the bias of your training taught people to put the genie back in the bottle and run screaming for the exits yeah work it out and take it and use it yeah you got to deal with what's actually going to happen out in the real world and that's the problem is in our fear and again part of its training part of its our society part of its just the fact there's no. Regulations and. I'm not necessarily in favor of a lot of regulations with it met with hypnotists.

But. I think one of the biggest challenges is we're trying to we're trying to insulate ourselves from liability. But where we're teaching these people techniques that are designed for behavioral change and resolution of trauma mmm-hmm and. So it's to put these people through a training and not expect them to have to deal with an ab reaction of any kind you know as a course of business instead of just the outlier it randomly no.

It always happens it's not if somebody is going to. AB react on you it's when. So we as trainers need to start getting a little bit more real with with the scenarios that we run our state our students do now. I don't mean throw them into like complex multi-level regressions like.

First day. But you - put him in stuff where they're actually fixing stuff and they get that thank you if you didn't if you start off with with every actions and. I really like that a lot especially the no. Scripts that's how.

I was trained to and it and it really it causes you to work through your own stress and have a breakthrough and. Then if you can work through an. Ave reaction you're no. Longer worried about can.

I read this script correctly yeah which is where a lot of people start. I don't know. I can't am. I reading it too fast am i singing right.

You know and here's what we found out. Tim we found out that when you did the abreaction drill. First the progress through the curriculum was three times faster yeah it was it was. So crazy.

I just did it by accident one day and that completely flipped the script on this on the class yeah and. So we just made it part of its we're just gonna start there yeah that's you know well people are lucky to have you as a trainer because you just don't get that very often. So. I was with.

Scott. McFaul for a long time. I don't know if you know. Scott's respect for.

Scott. McFaul very ferocious you know trainer old school lock the chain the doors you know we're making it happen right. Here yeah now. I was with him for 10 years you know and.

So and when he was doing the heaviest amount of training. I was right. There. Next to him yeah.

So it was quite a quite an experience yeah. I'm pretty. I have is. I have a stage hypnosis course actually.

I was going very. First courses that. I ever gotten. Richard rumble of all people recommended him to me and.

Then. I got a few students of his coming through my class. I was like these guys are good yeah. So well he teaches the exactly what you're teaching right.

He want to give people scripts he's not giving you checklists you know he's in causing you to do the hardest stuff. First and. Then you know you just really jump in the fire-training and. Then realized that you're not getting burned that you're okay.

Ya know and just ferocious change work on ourselves more than on clients cuz mm-hmm no. Hypnotists are drawn to this you know for a variety of reasons and. So yeah. So.

I really respect how you're doing that and how you're teaching it. I'm. I'm sure people are getting a world class having fun we have the best music in the hypnosis industry as well yeah you do it's a party right. You got it this party we have we crank the music during hypnosis trainings you know our guys yeah it's it's record that you know we have trainings where we've had students out in the lobby doing like twelve or fourteen students out in the lobby doing advanced change work in a lobby of a hotel undergoing renovations right.

Next to a jackhammer that was epaulette was actually in operation and they had they all did perfectly well. So we you know we try to we do our best to explode a lot of the myths about how you can and can or where you can and can't do in. OSIS the model is the model and our role model is anytime anywhere for any reason yes. Nice you know and that's what we realize when we work towards yeah that's awesome that's.

So awesome. So the people on my podcasts are looking for there it's a wide variety of people most of them have been clients or business clients. So there's a lot of entrepreneurs sales managers. CEOs company presidents and.

Then just a whole bunch of people who are looking to figure out how to make their life as good as it can possibly be perfect and. So. So as we chat. I'll just ask you a few questions.

I love our conversation and what we're doing we'll segue to just a little bit because you and. I our trade and hypnosis stories which. I love is. I don't.

I don't do that very often anymore because. I get on you said. I don't hang out with a lot of hypnotist. I don't and.

So um. But uh. But yeah this is fun catching up and trading story whatever you whatever your people need. I'm happy if.

I can provide it. I have my. I'm happy to do that oh. I'm sure you will over deliver.

So my best all right. Well are you ready is it all right. Let me real quick and. I know that uh.

I can't remember is it. Stephanie. Stephanie. Stephanie.

So. Stephanie said you want to promote everything. But is there anything in particular that. I'd wreck some traffic for well let's see uh you're primarily promoting to.

CEOs and middle. I level managers entrepreneurs that kind of thing yeah. I think for them the some of the best trainings that we would talk. I could talk about would be our.

CPI systems which is conversational persuasion and influence in it and and it covers the scant the gamut of linguistic technique from you know marketing as. I like to say it goes it covers you from the boardroom to the treatment room to the therapy room to the court room to the bedroom to the the classroom and back again and and the the persuasion and and and influenced methodologies that we've been putting out if. I'm getting a lot of attention lately don't go into it yet because. I don't want you have to read because what we'll do is we'll just talk about that debt we'll talk about you know the.

CPI approach how's that you know and. Then and. Then we'll have a train we could direct people to. But with everybody we can talk about because.

I love everything you said already. I'm already on board. So cool. So why don't we do that and.

Then and. Then what's your website again ww. NLP power combats. NLP powa are calm that's awesome all right.

I'll have all that in the show notes as well we also have a massive. YouTube channel that you can direct them to. But that might be too many things to take him to it once. I can put that in the show notes though.

So what do you what's your. YouTube. David. Schneider.

NLP at youtube.com or youtube.com forward slash. David. Schneider. NLP okay.

Yeah. I love your content. I love the all the teaching videos you know cuz it's just tons and tons of content which of course is what everybody's hungry for cuz there's a lot of crap out there oh there is they're just it's all meat you're just. So much good stuff.

I got. So fed up with that you know here you know the information light you know diets that. I grew up with a pitch fests and everything else and. I decided you're gonna do this we're gonna you know people are gonna come away when people are coming either hungry and they want to come away feeling like they're fed yeah and while you don't want to give them everything you want to give them something something useful that they can take out and they can put to work right.

Away and have an experience in a success yeah because nothing sells faster than success yeah you know and you give people that ability to just go out and fix something the. Next time they have a problem guess where they're coming because and if you give it to them for free which it really isn't free. But. I'll tell you and.

I can explain that. Later. But what happens is this is the stuff they're giving away for free how good is the stuff that. I actually charge for right.

And and we've kind of we got that concept from. Evan. Pagan who many in the internet marketing space know. I'm a seven pagan.

But he actually pioneered a lot of that stuff it with his alter ego. David. DeAngelo who is the author of a very infamous or somewhat famous book. On dating called double your dating mmm-hmm.

But. I've been pagan actually pioneered a lot of the internet marketing tactics that we use today yeah. So it's kind of an interesting little fun factoid that is that is yeah awesome all right. Are you ready sure okay.

Hey everybody it's. Tim sure welcome to be. Hatem be mesmerizing and today we have an incredible guest. David.

Schneider is here with us. David welcome to the program the crowd goes wild. I am super excited ladies in jail because we got another hypnosis. NLP guy in the house and and.

David is one of the best out there he is a sensational trainer and and he teaches people how to get into your mind and how to get into your heart how to make rapid breakthroughs and and. So. David and. I have crossed paths here and there over the years and and.

I've been watching him on his. YouTube channel and just. So. Cannell his knowledge and.

I love how he teaches and and he's just a very smart smart guy and. So of course. I had to have you on the show. So thanks.

So much for being here today. I appreciate it. Tim it's absolutely my pleasure and. I'm if the pre the pre-interview talk was anything like you know this is gonna be anything it's gonna be a fun talk we may be here for several hours.

So we may want you. I can run off at the microphone oh. I'll tell ya. I love it yeah we were having an awesome chat right.

Before we hit the record button and it was. So good and. I'm like okay. I got a hit record because.

I want. I want you to be able to hear these conversations that's the point of the podcast you know. I get to hang out with these spectacular people like you and and and. I just wish that everybody could eavesdrop on the conversations that we're having because they're full of gold and.

So that's why. I'm. So glad you're here. So why don't you give people a short little bio on on who you are and what you do and and all that good stuff well.

I'll try to keep it short because you know every time. I try to list my curriculum. But. I or my bio it sounds like.

I'm bragging or. I'm trying to compensate for something. I'll let you guys decide which is which. But just to start with.

I just finished my doctorate in. Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine with the. Pacific.

College of. Oriental. Medicine. So that was a kind of a highlight the.

Last three years yeah the. Last three years. I was voted one of the number the number among the top three. NLP trainers in the world by global gurus org.

I'm a certified trainer master practitioner in neuro linguistic programming through the. Society of neural linguistic programming which is headed by dr. Richard. Bandler and.

John. Laval. I have. I've been practicing acupuncture and.

Oriental medicine since 2005 hypnosis since. I was 15 let's see here probably one of the more the more earthy things that. I've got going on is in 2005. I was voted one of the top ten attraction and dating experts of the.

Year by art of approaching in seduction. Later calm which is kind of a fun little aside and. I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence from energy healing to advanced conversational hypnosis and therapeutic applications and all points in between. I also happen to have several high-ranking belts in the martial arts including a tenth degree in ruku.

Kempo fourth degree in. Shaolin. Clint ow. I got to leave the laundry list now certified instructor in combat.

Systema. Second degree in coach. Ocampo. First degree in fong kuru jiu-jitsu basic instructor in modern yeah.

I'm gonna stop there you have a lot now. So the question becomes when you have someone like this in front of you with all of that experience all of that knowledge from you know crazy amazing success in martial arts which takes you know total commitment to be able to reach the levels of success that you have in that - you know being one of the top. NLP trainers in the world - being someone who is an expert in relationships and conversation and seduction and romance and things like that where do you begin to jump into your mind and start doing laughs. So.

So. I'm gonna start with this okay. So up until now all the things that you've been doing what is the one thing that you enjoy helping people with the most because you can help people with. So many different things.

So what's something that you really have a passion for. I love watch. I love setting people free mmm you know. So many of the people that.

I meet and encounter our prisoners of their own mind mm-hmm in in one way or another there's literally prisoners of the room on either it's because you know of an experience that they've encoded as a child or early on that has formed the foundation of their identity that they don't realize is just a recording of something that happened to them once and they've been relating to that recording as if it's the actual thing that happened and making judgments about themselves ever since whether it's the you know the cumulation of life long messages from from authority figures whether it's war trauma or or sexual abuse and we have a huge we have a clinic we have an in. Solana. Beach where we've been seeing clients and treating clients who have chronic illness as a result of psychosomatic disorders in other words they're repressed emotion. So you know and and that's on the pathology scale.

But even people who are you know entrepreneurs who kind of reach that ceiling where for some reason they can't seem to get more out of their team or they can't seem to get that. Next income bracket or or innovate or solve problems with managing their teams or whatever they're all. But limiting beliefs and they're all just a lack of information about how the how social dynamics and internal dynamics actually work and. So when we get to it when.

I. Finally get to work with these people and. I find out how they're creating the problem that they have and maybe that just one or two things that just a little bit of tweaking as their perspective and opens the floodgates to amazing achievements or realizations about their life that just could take them to a completely different level you know most people their challenges come down to one of two elements usually usually both. But usually there's more on one side than the other and that's mindset or skillset you know if people know exactly what steps to take in the order to take them.

But they're not doing it well that's a mindset issue there's something in there that's saying. I can't go further or. I shouldn't go further yeah alright. If they're full of all this energy and enthusiasm and they're just kind of all over the map well that's a skill set issue that maybe just we've got just got to teach them a few basic skills or a few basic algorithms to channel that energy usually the the truth is somewhere between both.

But there's usually more one side than the other yeah. So listeners is any of this sound familiar. I have my brother from another mother over again. I'm telling you.

So that's exactly right. I agree with all of that stuff it's amazing how just literally finding the beliefs that are you know that are ruling people's lives and upgrading them and. Then all of a sudden they go from. I can't to.

I am right. From not worthy to all of a sudden. I feel like. I am and.

I can do and. Then they do and. Then they do and what's what's even cool you know as cool as that is and you know what that feels like and. I don't know if this is true for you.

But what what's even cooler for me is when. I get reports back from how the people who learn the technologies from me went out and helped somebody else yeah and and and passed and paid it forward and they're getting results that's leverage yeah right. We're all you know in business and we're all looking for leverage we're all looking for a way to get you know more return on our investment yeah and. So we're reaching people now that.

I never could have reached because it's you know we can't encounter tens and 20 hundreds of people a day and if we have just one or two basic skills can make profound changes in the trajectory of people's lives that is. So true you know when you've trained hypnotist sigh you trained hypnotist. I've done that as well and just learning the basics you know can have a huge impact just reading a relaxation script and watching people get relaxed and and let go of all the tension could be huge hugely beneficial. So and.

Then we go into all the ninja stuff that we've learned over the years and. Then it takes it to a whole other level into stuff is cool and just does is cool it is cool. So. But.

I love what you're saying because that is the point. I call it a level to change right. So. I always try to get my clients once they have the breakthrough to go and help others to have that experience those break time and pass it along and.

Then it's like that shampoo commercial and they told two friends and they told. Sorensen and. So and they guard that's how we create a grassroots movement of endless you know ending needless suffering which is what we both love to do absolutely that's actually one of my. But my tag lines when.

I talk to people especially in the early days people because people always wondering what's your agenda right. You know whenever you get stand in front of an audience and you start espousing this or saying. I can show you how to do this they're like okay. What's in it for you yeah you know and the truth is is that there's a huge amount in it for me one is.

I get off on showing people what's possible mm-hmm the other side of that is exactly what you said is how. I early in my life. I. I was.

I was witness to a lot of suffering. I both personally and watching the people who. I cared about suffer and and. I made a decision very early on that.

I was never gonna be powerless again and. I was gonna do everything. I could to eliminate suffering wherever. I could and that's been a driving force in my life yeah yeah usually you know people you can tell why people get into certain professions right.

Because they're always trying we become experts in the things that we know the most. So and. I would talk about you know self-sabotage it's because. I was an expert at it.

I was probably right. Next to you on page two yeah and. So trying to figure out you know how to how do we feel safe how do we feel love how do we feel like we're enough and. Then take it to the.

Next level all right. Now. I feel like. I'm enough what do.

I do to get to the. Next level and. I think that you identified it you know mindset and skill set. I talk about beliefs and strategy you know it's the same thing that's just our language.

I did. So um. So yeah. I love that.

So we talk a lot about. I always say there's three phases to a break through resistance confusion and. Then break through. So you might have a different model.

But. So how do you get people past their own resistance. I take them through. I just keep chunking down things on an experiential level until they're only a little bit intimidating and.

Then. I just. I just walk. III could joël them through it and.

Then they have this epiphany and. I tell them right. Up front and this is probably one of the this it doesn't seem like such a big thing what. I'm about to say.

But for some reason when you say that to them it makes them okay. To just take a shot and that says it doesn't matter if you believe it or not mm-hmm just do it and it'll work and and that's kind of how we've developed our systems is belief is not necessary for the technology to work for you you just got to do it that's huge that's huge right. There because that goes against what everybody thinks oh well. I have to believe it in order for it to work no.

You don't the techni principles by which the universe was created are as alive in a human being as they are in a planet and. So if you understand that a lot of the things we're doing are simply based on natural law yeah and we we actually show you the analogues to that because the human brain is really good at creating analogical analogical connections to things. But they don't. But because we assembly we don't do that a lot we tend to be very context-specific in how we think about things and in order for people to see that connection and make that connection you have to break them out of that context.

So. I'll show them something as simple as a metronome video well. First of all show them a cymatics video where everything is affected by vibration mm-hmm which is science we can this is a physics 101 class right. And.

I'll show them how everything even the elements is affected by vibration how a simple stone can change the geometry of sand laying on a speaker and that geometry is consistent with and it changes. So that that opens the space it's a little bit of an experiential thing. Then. I'll show on the metronome video which is where you know people's heartbeats are the largest rhythmic source that they have.

But they haven't they can't make that leap yet that's a important to persuasion and influence mm-hmm. So. I show them the 32 metronome video where within two and a half minutes 30 videos a thirty metronome synchronized mm-hmm right. And.

Then. I bring somebody up and. I have them stand. Next to me and as.

I'm talking to the audience. I get a neurological connection to their body and. I start making them sway just like the metronome and they're like and. Then and the person standing.

Next me half the time doesn't know what the hell is going on right. And. So we bridge them from things they know to something they can experience cuz. Then we sterno.

Then we turn them loose on each other to start doing the exact thing they just saw me do yeah and and and it's and it's done through little tiny playful experiences that lock in a bigger principle a deeper principle and we just build on that way the. NLP a methodology of just chunking down and chunking down and chunking down you don't got to believe it you just got to do it yeah and. Then that experience flips their switch. So that chunking down just means that we're we're taking a smaller step we're taking a big goal and we're just breaking it down into smaller tinier steps and.

So we're gonna do step one that feels a little bit safe step two a little it's still safe. But we're pushing a little bit. So we have a little bit more you know risk score to show people that you can have your heart beating a little bit. But you're still okay.

You know. So. I had an athlete that was in a little while ago and she had was tumbling and fell and hurt herself and. So as we were going through and.

I'm having her imagine starting to do this move again. I saw her swallow right. And. So sometimes that's just you know our body trying to relax back down.

But when people have that heavy swallow they make it feel like sometimes think that oh this isn't working and. So what. I said is good you want to swallow you want your heart beating your heart fluttering right. Now and.

I took. Those things that she would think or a fear response and. I said no. That's the energy response your body's taking it and go yeah and.

So and. So that's an example of taking a little thing and and and turning it and using something that people are afraid of and using it to their advantage yeah. So anytime you can take a fizzy an actual experience and map it across to the studies and. Then.

I like to lead with the science if isn't if it's available. I don't use it. But. I like to leave with something that theoretical and.

Then move them to something that's teeny-tiny that validates it and once and what an interesting thing happens is once the neurology has that experience it's real for them now now it creates more space for them to take the. Next step mm-hmm and what's interesting you know and hearing you talk about what you deal with your your client which is very good there's actually a great book. Out there now called how emotions are made. I'm not sure you're familiar with it and it presents an alternative theory on how our emotions work in our bodies the prevailing theory is that we restore emotions in our bodies there's a competing theory now which is the law of constructed emotions that we construct emotions on the fly and that's the.

First thing that happens is we have a body a body feeling and. Then we assign a label to it as opposed to we have an experience we remember a time in our life when this happened and. Then we have the feeling it's it's actually inverse. So one of the fastest ways that and you did this very well with with what you're saying with with how you said it's not it's excitement right.

Is that one of the ways you can actually disconnect that interoceptive response from the label we assigned to it is by having the client asked himself what else could this be ooh that's a power question what else could this be oh oh write it down right. I love it. I love it yeah that's a good one what else could this be because they're gonna have a body feeling no. Matter what.

But the label they assigned to it is believe it or not actually quite arbitrary yeah yeah. So that's awesome. I haven't heard it described that way before it sounds like an amazing book. But it makes a lot of sense doesn't it instead of having all this stored energy that's blocked and we have to unblock it and release it you know as we automatically we automatically assume that if we're having this surcharge of energy building up in our system that it must be bad and it just means we're about to do something yeah yeah that's what it means we're about to do something something's about to happen.

But the label we assigned it will spiral us off in a very different direction we attached a fear of fear label to that we're gonna we're gonna tap into all the memories we have of being afraid and all the things that went with it we tap into an excitement label to that we're gonna spiral into all the all the events in our life we were excited and we nailed that that that you know the home run or the brass ring or whatever right. So you're not gonna be not rental in the same adrenaline it's just what are you calling it excitement or fear you're not going to avoid the adrenaline rush from the from whatever is triggering that that's not something that you can ever really inoculate against. But what you can do many times is reframe it right. From the get-go like once you become aware of the sensation and the meanings are starting to assign to it just stepping aside say what else could this be yeah yeah and boom you've got you know tons of different ways to reframe that that feeling which is.

So powerful because sometimes we think we just have one way and in our mind because of our ego we think it's it's the way we're just being practical we're just seeing it like you know isn't it obvious. But you know there's like a thousand different ways that we could interpret what's going on right. Now you know and a lot of times people don't change because they just don't have the awareness or the or the works they don't have the language they don't you know if. I'm training a leader a lot of times the leader would would be more persuasive or or what's the word transformative instead of transactional right.

They don't have the words they don't have the actual. I don't know what to say you know in a new way and. So by giving them new choices you know all of a sudden you like how you can say this or this is this you pick because as you know you know if it comes from them they think it's their idea that absolutely we don't resumen beings don't never this is something you can take to the bank in every conceivable form of communication there is human beings never resist themselves yeah they never resist themself they generate it they'll accept it hook. Line & sinker yeah and that's where the real mastery of influence and communication is about is you get people to come up with the the the conclusions or the metaphors of their own reasons for doing what you want them to do yes.

You and. I have taken that to a whole other level though because the old approach in counseling was free association where it might take you 10 years to come up with the idea. So we wanted to maybe 10 minutes. So we'll different ideas and.

Then get you to think well that's nice that's the beauty of. NLP and its derivatives is that it does allow you to guide and navigate the direction of somebody's thought without making them trying to force fit them into your exact it's narrative or your exact interpretation of experience or behavior very good that's very very good. So. So that's.

So anybody that's a practitioner that just heard what. David said. I want to make sure that you catch what he said because it was very powerful. So you're giving the ideas.

But you're not giving them your version of the situation you're giving them ideas. So that they can shape their own more empowered version. But it has to be their words their experience you know not just putting trying to put your experience onto them because that won't work perfect. So yeah it's really good.

So good. So. Then you have this great program that you were that you work on and. Then you help and you teach a lot of people that are leaders and in leadership positions are working with high-performing teams and you've got the.

CPI conversation persuasion yeah see conversation persuasion and influence conversational suasion influence you got it yeah. So conversational persuasion okay. Got it. So.

Then. So for people that are listening right. Now what are a couple of things that you can do through conversations that would increase your persuasion or ability to influence others okay. Well.

I'll give you a couple of things out and. I'll lead each piece off with a question okay. How powerful would you become or how powerful would your life be if you could literally force a person to pay attention to every single word you say and have them hanging on every word and the long and actually cause them to talk more and more and more to you giving you all the information that you could ever want and the longer they talk the more connected to you they become mm-hmm it's good. I like how you you speak like a copywriter.

I've done a lot of driving done a lot of work you know some of the best hypnotist imprint on the planet a direct response copywriters that's exactly what. I was thinking that's exactly right. Yeah and here's and here's the answer to that little tease it's this is what. I call the the backdoor to the human nervous system it's like the bump key yeah the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment hold on for this are the ones that just came out of their mouths okay.

I can explain everything you want you everything about that from a neural linguistic perspective. But our eyes. Would cross because. I have to lapse into jargon.

But here's the thing you need to understand human beings everything a human being does is based on emotional drives within us primal drives and. Then emotional drives and every experience that we have and every thought that we think has a structure and. So when we when human beings go from external experience to internal experience in other words they take a video recording of what something that just happened to them and they play it inside their heads well that recording is being impacted by an insurmountable number of filters. NLP likes to say we delete we distort we generalize and.

Then we get at the end of that long drawn-out process is a very massaged map of the way the world is supposed to be not the way the world is right. And when we communicate that map to other people we use it through our spoken words and. So to get all that information even more convinced we use words now by definition what comes out of our mouth is the equivalent of a zip file you know you know if and what. I mean by that is is.

I'm getting a little bit more into explanation that. I want to because the the way that you do it is you simply use a person's words as often as you possible as possible. But. I want to.

I want you to understand little bit about why this works both on from the. NLP side. But also from the neurology side let me just rephrase or repeat that. Then real quick because that was the gold and now you're gonna you're gonna under help people understand why that was.

So powerful. But when you want to create greater influence with someone you just listen to the words that they use or the phrases they use and you feed those exact words and phrases back to them through the conversation. So you can using their words that's the application right. There and.

I dare you to try and get caught yeah. I know it's funny cuz you're like oh my god people are gonna think. I'm making fun of them. I'm gonna warn you right.

Now and. I'll try and circle back to the more the explanation side. But let me tell you what's gonna happen and you don't have to believe me to do this just go out and start doing it from with a sincere desire to connect and understand people if you come from that place there's absolutely nothing unethical behind what you're doing. But here's the thing and it'll make it'll feel more natural if you're doing it really - really don't understand somebody else and not to try to trick them or get something over on them because that'll show up in your physiology it won't be the words that you're feeding back it'll be your weirded energy because you're thinking about a my gonna get busted yeah.

So there's this thing that happens whenever we take a technique that is not native to our system and we try and apply it in the field and it's called the spotlight effect and basically it's this idea that people going to know. I'm doing something. I'm they're gonna see it it's gonna be like a big spotlight and that spotlight effect only really only actually is inside of you mm-hmm when you start communicating with and it happens with everything that's new to us when you start communicating with people using their very own words you're sending a message to their nervous system from the most superficial level of their awareness to the deepest level of their emotional being that you heard them that you understand them that you're just like them and you're validating everything that they've said all at the same time and there's a whole lot more that's going on there for the for you. NLP buffs.

I can wax on that a little bit. But the bottom line is the moment they feel oh those were ill those hear those words coming back to them it triggers sameness it triggers connection and additional self disclosure they'll start running off at the mouth because they want to make sure you get it all and the longer here's here's the magic the longer they talk the more connected to you they become mmm. So those people who hate small talk this is like the. Holy.

Grail yeah where we start and in the. CPI system is understanding this basic need for connection and validation that's not just psychological it's physiological its vibrational it's it's based on that the molecules in your body yeah if you lean into somebody and and they say something and. Then you say something or basically ask them a question using the words that they use and you're connecting you're just making eye contact you're leaning in and you give them your full attention they might talk for the. Next thirty minutes straight you won't say another word and they'll be convinced it was the best conversation they'd ever that's without a doubt they will think and literally they will think you are the most fascinating conversationalist they've ever had it will remember you for the rest of your their life yeah you'll be it maybe 30% of the words you use will be original yeah you know and that's the point is once a person gets back their very own words they can't not pay attention and that's really true it really is yeah.

So people. I just keep thinking about the resistance that comes up when people will be like yeah. But our aren't. I not being authentic like actually you're being more authentic because you're really in the moment helping someone else feel a connection with you.

I mean how authentic is that yeah we get it's it's a hundred percent right. Here's the thing and and this is something that because this question comes up a lot in the trainings and. I look. At them and.

I say listen let me explain something about the actor based on what. I've just told you the echo technique is the most desirable compelling native way for human beings to want to be communicated with okay. You know ethical considerations it's nodes you can use this for good or you can use this for bad we train the good. Jedi right.

But the bottom line is is that this is from a neurological perspective remote from a psychological filters perspective this is the most desirable way for human beings to communicate this is how people want to be communicated with this is what they're moving through the world looking for at their deepest levels that validation that we all need though that were heard that we make a difference that were understood and accepted that's what echo technique does now if you know that's true and you root and you refuse to do that who's the now you know that the echo technique or variations of it is the most satisfying and fulfilling method to communicate with human beings that gives them the exact feelings they want to have that lets them know you've heard them that gives them everything they're looking for in a communication with you and you choose not to do it who's who's the jerk yeah yeah all right. It's brilliant and. I encourage my students to adopt echo technique as a way of life yeah just make it part of how you relate to people and it will be what you do and you'll see the responses you'll see their eyes. Light up you'll see them orient on you you'll start getting free desserts like it's nobody's business right.

Yeah truly if you do nothing else you know you don't have to learn all these big elaborate you know slick techniques because some times the more you know. I used to meet people all the time where they were. So excited about trying their. Next um sleight of mouth technique yeah and all these other dad's like that's a can of fish you don't want to open up no.

I'm lying you just actually be present with them and care about them you know it'll be just a million times better and that's the beautiful part is echo technique if you practice it long-term will enhance your memory yeah it'll enhance your memory you'll be a little these remember these long strings of dialogue and you will actually know these people better than the people who've been closest to them for twenty or thirty years yeah and they'll field and the people you've controlled communicate with will feel that yeah because you've had a more authentic conversation and pulled things out of them and. Then knew what to reinforce that uh you know that most people just aren't doing you know most people yeah you ask them a question and they give you an answer and. Then you may be asked something completely random or you just keep talking. But you know we know that go down the rabbit hall yeah ask him a question about that and.

Then ask the one that takes it a little bit deeper and a little bit deeper you know and. Then direct them in that way and and help them to connect with feelings that you want them to have emotions what if here's another question you know what if you could cause people to feel any emotion that you or they wanted to feel with themselves a few moments yeah you know what kind of deal would that have because that's what's coming. Next right. Never human being and you know this.

Tim every human being does not human beings do not make decisions based on facts right. They make decisions based on feelings and to go one step deeper it's almost always a body feeling yeah the moment you give a person a body feeling and this is one of the axioms that we use everything human beings do positive or negative is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of yeah. So when you say body feeling let's go a little deeper on that. So what's the difference between a body feeling and any an irregular feeling well.

First of all we've talked about emotions that we talk about body sensations all emotions are feelings. But not all feelings or emotions. So. I make distinctions and what we're really talking about a neurological level is is this big long word called interoception okay.

You have a nervous system that monitors your spatial relationships outside of you you have a division of your nervous system that monitors movement and spatial relationships inside of you and that division of your nervous system is called interoceptive your interoceptive nervous system if you're doing any. Richard. Bandler swear he'll talk about the enteric nervous system. But.

Then what if this doing is it's monitoring all the movement inside your body and that's the part that generates the body feelings that causes the initial domino. Effect that leads to an emotional response. So if you can affect the body with any feeling all of a person's perceptual filters including their emotional ones change spontaneously and that's why the whole remember. I was talking about the whole metronome effect making them sway and stuff like that that's based on the research by heart math org where they talk about coherence and.

I'm the heartbeat synchronizing well when the heart beats sync that the human body has an energy electromagnetic field that's measurable with instruments eight feet in diameter from your body yeah your proprioceptive nervous system one of the six channels of information that it monitors is electromagnetic fields hmm. So when you have an oscillating a rhythmic pulsing vibrational force with an eight feet of you your neurology sense is that and when two things start to get together they start to entrain and. So what's happening is is you're actually this is why many times when we're deep in trance and rapport with somebody and something comes out of our mouth we have no. Clue where it came from.

But it was exactly what that client needed to hear that's the mechanism at play that's that unconscious or preconscious communication that's flowing back and forth through that that that you'd that reports the feeling that we have we're taking that we're building on that idea and instead of taking it like just getting frequency we want to tap into somebody's body and get an amplitude and we do that through body feelings and we actually practice generating a body feeling and having the other person's mirror neurons pick it up mmm and these are drills that we do in our training and it's impossible to catch it changes everything about the person it gives you mega control over your own personal. States at any given moment and. Then you build on that foundation. I kind of went off on a tangent there.

But. But the whole body feeling is everything every bought every every emotion thing yeah play the. Next time you're doing therapy on something. I don't care if it's in a in a sales training or whatever.

Next time they have a feeling that bothers them or an emotion that bothers them say point to where you feel it in your body 100% of the time they will point somewhere in their body mm-hmm there's a body feeling right. There that body feeling is the node where all of the end of the holographic information that we would access with. NLP or hypnotherapy or energy psychology is reconstructed nobody talked about emotions are reconstructed mm-hmm right. We talked about how you know went back in the day when a lot of these people were having false memories it's because when we recall a memory we don't remember it we rebuild it and it's based on the emotions that we have that causes us how that affects how we reconstruct that memory.

I want to say that again because it's. So. So brilliant we don't remember it we rebuild it yeah in our mind and often the way that we rebuild it isn't exactly how it happened yeah you know it's an interesting idea how it happened that's a very big deal because you know most people think that they have this experience and. Then they.

Then they encode it and they were they were late to that that recording as if that's what happened yes. But the sign is showing us what happened it's not the thing that you're you keep revisiting happen to you once yeah and the recording that you made of it isn't even accurate and every time you reconstruct it it's different. So your shoot you're carrying around isn't even true yeah yeah and and. But we fight for it you know.

So what happens is we protect our pain instead of getting it out yeah really people. I'm sorry go ahead go ahead no. You had. I'm just gonna say that um the idea that you know.

I remember going through training and and working with people and telling them that we're gonna go and we're gonna shift things from your past and they're like well what if it's not accurate what if it didn't happen that way. I'm like it doesn't matter because if it shifts inside of your mind in a new way. Then that's all that's gonna matter because that's gonna change your your body feeling in your belief yeah right. So it doesn't matter if if you know it's accurate or not if you made it up or not if we go back and that's what comes up we're gonna use it and you maybe you have labor under under two big big fallacies and it's not they're never the only come out when people when you when you give them possibility of changing the past if these things tend to come up.

First is that our our memories are real mm-hmm that's they are in fact the thing that happened to us yeah okay. That's that's one of the big fallacies that we operate under. Second over the case you know you have a brother or a sister who went through the same thing that happened at that that birthday party when you were 10 both were there both have a completely different story about what happened that's now how it went down well how is that possible that exactly interpreted differently they're put through different filters yeah and the other side of that is is that we believe that our memories are us having a body that's like that's like saying your. DVD collection at home is the sum total of your life experience oh my gosh that's really nice.

But that's how we operate yeah it's we become if we bring these things out in the open we consciously know they're not true when we think about them. But at the same time we behave as if they are and because that's no. One's taught us to do anything different and. Then once you have that you have to kind of think well you know you have permission to change that and that's a mind-blower right.

There it is they don't think they have permission to change it because they've. Therefore well if. I change this memory who will. I be probably more of who you want to be that's really good too probably more of who you want to be people always say.

I don't know who. I am and. I'm like who cares who do you want to be exact you know let's like to be that let's grow into that yeah you are not the way you are because of the that happened to you you're the only you are because of the way you've encoded the that happened to you and the way you're relating to that encoding mm-hmm and that can be adjusted absolutely. Wayne.

Dyer always talked about if you get bit by a snake yeah it hurts. But that's not what kills you it's the venom that's left inside no. Goal is to get the venom out absolute ennum is just an idea that we can shift the meaning of it you know and you shift the meaning it changes everything yeah it changes everything right. Even physical illness you know.

I see it. I see it almost weekly in the clinic oh yeah. I get people with everything from terminal cancer -. Parkinson's - multiple sclerosis - 20 you know 47 year-long cases of scoliosis and every single thing that comes in has a psycho-emotional component and if you deal with that psycho-emotional component the somatic dropped to almost nothing the body just goes oh.

I'm died. I don't need this metaphor anymore it's a trip isn't it. I gotta show you this you'll love this okay. So.

I had a woman come in we just did a testimonial on it. So it's okay. To share. But her name's.

Jerry and she came in and 26 years old she's had this chronic cough condition environmental stimulation she's you know sew ins. Cologne she starts coughing sometimes it doesn't stop for two months my just odd poor woman for two months it was horrible she had to live with her parents she couldn't go anywhere she couldn't do holiday stuff because it would she'd have a reaction she came in here we did one session. I did the old allergy technique where you put it behind the glass metal dissociation technique. So it can't get her anymore right.

On coughed through our whole session. I'm like oh man she came back the. Next week completely gone she came in yesterday's ago it's been 2 months now it hasn't come back gratulations well done how was that well. I was really proud of her and.

So she brought this this is what. I wanted to why. I tell you the story cuz she brought this in she made this it's a plastic box with with ribbon in it and she said this is this is the. COFF she said.

I put it behind the glass. I looked in there and. I can't and it can't get out anymore and. Then she gave it to you.

So it's never coming back that's right. That's exactly right. I said if there's anything else you come over here you put in the box. I'll take care of it for you that's awesome that's gone that amazing yeah and.

So when people are like yeah. But no. You don't understand well that's the belief that you're running right. Now huh and you know it's one of the reasons why people don't have breakthroughs and their health or their money or their relationships or whatever else because they've got that hard core belief that it's not possible and.

But you and. I know better yeah and that's one of the reasons. I very rough right. Almost from the from day one we get the belief system out of the way we say you don't need to believe this it's a mechanical process just do it it'll work yeah yeah yeah you know we sell them more the more nervous you are the better it's gonna work yeah and they're always like really said don't believe me let's just do it you know and that's.

Then that's really you know where you start you start with something that's impossible for them to fail mm-hmm you know and you get the thing that could mitigate their success by saying it doesn't matter you don't have to believe it yeah just got to do it yeah there's no. Failure it's just feedback mmm you know we're just gonna get the feedback and we're gonna keep using it. So no. Matter what happens we got this absolutely don't and.

I think a lot of times they're just borrowing our confidence in the beginning they are which is hilarious that someone's borrowing our confidence you know because that's not how we started right. But we did start with something that most people don't have is this idea that we have to control our state. Then we have to be even if we're having a little bit of nerves or a little bit anxious about the process we're more in control of our state than they are yeah and it's learning how to do it yeah the infamous ross jeffrey said this and unfortunately as much as i hate to quote the man sometimes he he did say it quite well you will never install certainty and other people by being uncertain yourself mmm say that again you'll never install certainty and other people by being uncertain yourself that's right. Oh all them is more uncertainty because they're mirror neurons are gonna pick up every feeling you're having.

So. But if you're more certain than uncertain that comes across and that degree of certainty will translate into a higher level of responsiveness from your client. So true. So true.

So. I want to tie two things together that you said because. I love it as as. I was listening to you a few minutes ago.

I was you were taking me back to when. I was going through the. NLP training the trainer and how. I was being taught that you want to try to connect with how your how your client is feeling try to really get.

So in tune with them that you can tell you what they're feeling and. Then find a way out with the tools that you have that they don't and. Then they'll come right. Out with you yes.

And. So and how some people are. So scared of that because they didn't want to connect with it or or they were just you know stirring their own drama up and. I was like this is fascinating you can change sometimes without even having to say anything to them you just feel what they're feeling and.

Then work your way out and. Then they come right. Out with you yeah and. So.

I've seen that clinically yeah yeah. So when you are doing that and. So if you want someone to feel more calm or more confident than what you do is start where there and. Then exactly there with your certainty yeah and here's a friend along and here's the fly in the ointment this is why you know if you if you when you if you look.

At the how we've structured the. CPI system we call it the universal persuasion protocol there's six steps and when you get really good you can keep you can skip three of them and still get your outcome all right. So it starts with learning to control your state getting rapport using your language using those three steps to manage the process of the are the the manage the state of the subject are the target and jumping into their process and emotionally bonding them with their criterion values that's the six stage use of reversible persuasion protocol and it's state control must come. First and it goes directly to what you were saying about what your experience at trainers training we're getting into in touch with people's feelings human beings inherently resist going into negative states by an as an act of will with other people mostly because they have these fears at a they're not gonna be able get out of it mm-hm and their neurology equates those negative feelings with death mmm-hmm and.

So one of the things that we do very early in day one of. CPI training is we have this whole day devoted to nothing. But physiological and cognitive state control to give people the ability to go as far into a negative state as humanly possible and. Then bring themselves back using their physiology and bringing themselves back using their cognition because out in the street you're gonna who's.

Maria night. Anyway out in the street you're gonna do both. But in in. CPI training we we actually module turn them beat one into a separate module are you with me just with him yeah okay.

Here isn't did. Maria jump on. Maria jumped on she's joining us from. Austria yeah.

I'm not sure why she's here. But if you are here hi. Maria well she she's logged in. I don't know she's she's actually at the computer she might have no.

Anyway. But. So the thing is and this goes back to what you were you know. I'll give you a really call trying to make this story quick back when in in 2003 2002 2003.

I was finishing up my master's degree in occupational medicine yeah and when you're gonna be an acupuncturist you got to have like 1500 clinical hours. Wow and aya neared a lot of my conversational hypnosis stuff while. I was in the clinic because as a. Clint as an intern you're pretty much bulletproof they expect you to screw up.

So. I figure well if. I'm gonna get in trouble at least. I won't get you know sued or whatever and.

So. I would come in and and. I would do conversation hypnosis and kind of elicit ations while. I'm doing their intake and.

Then what. I would do is you know if you've ever been to an acupuncture session you know they lay you out on the table and. Then they go and they needle the points and they put you under the heat lamp they let you take a nap for 20 30 40 minutes depending on what system of acupuncture that you're using yeah and. So many times what.

I would do is. I would actually as. I was needling the points. I would explain to the patient who's already in an altered state because that's what happens when you need.

Allen acupuncture point they dip into an alpha state. Anyway and they're already on there on a freight train to trance and. I would literally explain to them using hypnotic language the functions of each point. So as.

I'm needling them. I'm telling them they're unconscious mind what's gonna happen as. I needle the point. So.

I'm layering that placebo effect on top of the regular acupuncture effect. So they get up feeling amazing. But that's actually not where. I was going with this.

I had one particular client. I was walking into clinic one day and it was my stew my shift was just starting. I've coming in in the afternoon my my stoop my my classmates were finishing the the morning shift lady walks out of the treatment room carrying a clipboard and she looks at me and she know that look. When somebody just handed you a sandwich because they didn't want it you know that look.

And she beats it's all yours boom gone right. A little dust cloud where she was standing. So. I'm like oh what am.

I getting myself into. So. I walk into the clinic. I walk into the treatment room and there's this this young man there he's.

I guess he's late 20s early 30s. But he walks in and his posture is just you know he just the energy in the room was. So heavy you would need a bulldozer to cut through. I mean it was that much depression that much grief and sadness and as.

I'm going through this this intake. I find out a that his part he was given almost sexual man not that that's any ideal. But he had just lost his partner from. AIDS and he had just been diagnosed with.

HIV oh my gosh. So. I'm looking at this guy and. I'm thinking to myself.

I'm gonna need bazookas and dynamite to break this state and. Then some states are. So heavy you can't break them except by hitting upside the head with a chair metaphorically. So.

I. I did the only thing. I knew how to do. I knew.

I had good state control. I knew. I could get myself out of any negative state that. I was in and.

I needed to reach this guy. So. I hid the posture you know and. I went there.

I went as far down with him as. I could go and there's when people's a neurology synchronized there's a sensation that you get it's like a everybody's a little bit some people feel it as a warmth some people feel it as a click sometimes there's just this this settling kind of a feeling that comes up and. I just waited for it and when. I felt it.

I started talking to him and. I started using his words a little bit and. I started thinking. I would slowly change my physiology just tiny micro movements.

So that he could follow me easily and he did he started after maybe 20 minutes or. So he started to become more upright. I wouldn't say he was happy. But he was much more open he was much more relaxed and.

I was able to do the treatment and he came out there actually somewhat smiling now because the transient nature of of the the clinic you know. I didn't never got to see him again. But for that day we made a significant difference in him and. I think personally that the vast majority of it happened before the needles went in.

I think being able to go there and that's one of the problems that we have is that most people in the face of that intensity of an emotional experience that degree of negativity they'd recoil they would try to use their words they would try to to rationalize with them they try to pattern and it's not enough and. So we as as influence professionals we must learn and this way. I recommend all all students of influence take acting classes because an actor's entire craft is what we do as influencers our job as hypnotist or a realistic program or even leaders is to take people out of their world and suck them into our vision suck them into the world we create and that's what actors craft is all about. So you can only benefit as a leader as an orator as a therapist by getting those skill sets or drills that allow you to do that.

But going back to what you were saying about feelings it's the willingness to go in that limb or or not is what limits us in our ability to get that rebel of connection and rapport with people. So we as trainers we as practitioners must find or engineer ways to practice that before the barns on fires. I say wait till the barns on fire to start digging the well and. So that's the same idea we need to do the drills and that's that's what why state control always has to come.

First because if you don't have state control. But you have report training you will be at the mercy of the report you create mm-hmm and if anybody's ever got everybody has anybody's ever gotten report with somebody's on their period has the flow is in a bad mood. I'll tell you their energy level doesn't go up well there's my. But you're certainly doesn't know ours go down -.

I found that - yeah you're like oh my gosh. I need like an energy shower it was way way too down in that energy that's really. So you're what you're really describing is high level change work all right. What.

I mean you can on them you know on the front end you can do influence just by using people's words and using their body language what you're talking about is what the best change workers in the planet do where you literally are connecting with their physiology absolutely no. You're totally getting down to where they are and. Then taking it where you want them to go where most people are just trying to grab a hold of them and and take them they're not actually going down to where they are gotta grab by the feelings you've gotta grab by the body feelings yeah fastest way to do that the fastest way to change anybody's body feelings is to change yours. But in order for you to do that you've got to connect with them.

First and. Then change from within yeah otherwise you need a whole lot more amplitude and they're gonna resist you yeah oh my gosh. David this has been. So fun oh my gosh and the whole video.

I look. Like. I'm just a little schoolgirl looking and laughing and got some great stuff man it's nice to see the analogs to what. I do you know and the words that people put to them and yeah below the surface to the beyond the jargon whether it's my jargon or yours they're the mechanics are the same yeah and that's what really if when you move through the world looking through the eyes.

Of a neuro-linguistic program or you start to see the world in terms of process and structure yeah and when you can do that. Then the universe literally does reveal its secrets people become very very understandable and and that's where we can make powerful changes in ourselves and in everyone around us yeah well said well said. I get. So excited because what we were talking before we hit the record button about how we don't spend a lot of time hanging out with other hypnotists or.

NOP people because we're out there trying to make a big difference for the people that don't know this stuff absolutely and showing people how powerful they really are and. So for you know to hang out with you and reminisce and go through these all things and. I mean it's just. So exciting right.

And it's been really wonderful. So let me ask you two questions. I know. I'm gonna have to have you back on the show again.

So that weekend. So. I have more questions for you any time any time yeah. So if you could go back and tell little.

David go back to when you were like 7 or 10 and give him a bit of advice based on all the things that you've learned what advice would you give them you know. I think the biggest piece of advice that. I would give them is you're good enough you're always good enough no. Matter where you go no.

Matter what you do good things are gonna happen and sometimes not. So good things are gonna happen people are gonna come into your life people are gonna go out. But no. Matter where you go no.

Matter what you do no. Matter what life hands you the one person who will always be there for you as you you know remind you that you're always good enough you're always accepted protected forgiven for all wrongs real or imagined and you're never ever alone yeah because after looking into the hearts and minds. Tim of literally thousands of people when you peel back all the stories all the histories and you look. Into the hearts of what's there all you see in the same every man woman and child is the same thing a scared little child desperate to be loved and terrified of being alone yeah and when you give them that when you give them somebody who can always be there and give them that love and that unconditional acceptance they have the strength to go through anything anything doesn't matter you know to me you know having said this to hundreds and thousands of people and seeing what happens that's exactly what.

I'd be doing. But. I would say to him yeah in fact. I just did you just did oh my god.

So awesome that's fantastic. I. David. So if people want to learn more about conversational persuasion and influence if people are looking for hypnosis training neural linguistic programming training you know just to really learn from you best place to go.

I know you can definitely go to. WWLP power com that's. WWLP power comm we're gonna make sure and have those all this in the notes you can check out. David's.

YouTube channel. YouTube that chopped up come forward slash. David. Schneider and.

LP eight stands for neuro linguistic programming if you don't know what that is and is there anything else that you wanna share or let people know about. I'm gonna definitely telling them about all your stuff well just a quick aside you know for those of you who thank you for sharing our. YouTube channel and our our web site. Tim and here's how here's what.

I recommend you guys do go to the go to the. YouTube channel we have over almost 300 videos and they're not short videos they're all an average of 60 to 90 minutes they are. Visentin yeah. I didn't watch them to your heart's content when you decide that you're ready to take the.

Next level come over to. NLP power com we have a massive really in fleshed-out events calendar for 2020 we're starting on 2021 now. So there's all kinds of really cool classes we have a very very comprehensive online store with video court videos of our trainings that you can take at and you know whatever level of intimacy you want to work with me and if you have any questions any questions at all you just give us a call at eight five eight two eight two four six six three that's eight five eight two eight two four six six three you'll reach my administrative goddess. Stephanie and she can point you in the direction of where you need to go and we always tell our our students and we consider you guys and your met your reader students as well by proxy before you buy anything give us a call tell us what your goals are and we will give you the shortest distance between where you are and where you want to be based on the content and the courses that we create and we'll make recommendations if we can help you will if we can't we'll tell you that too and we'll point you in the direction of people whose resources we might think would be a better fit for you.

But binge watch the videos to your heart's content you can also reach out to. Stephanie at. Stephanie at. NLP power calm that's all.

I'm gonna do in terms of plugging what we've got and. I look. Forward to meeting and talking to everyone who has the pleasure of being one of. Tim's amazing subscribers and podcast listeners.

Hey thank you. David pleasure. David. Schneider everybody what a mesmerizing guy and thank you.

So much for watching this video for listening to this podcast for hanging out with david and i we do this because of you and. So. I'm. So glad that you're here if you have any questions let us know check out.

David stuff and and. Then share this with everybody that you know because this is a pretty powerful conversation and everybody is wanting to know how to use the power of their mind to create their life by design and and this is you know this is the way. So. Anyway thanks.

So much for being here and stay mesmerising and make today a shear success and we'll talk to you soon bye everybody all right. Wonderful yeah thank you sir oh that was brilliant that was brilliant. So thanks. So much for being here my pleasure and yeah.

So. I really appreciate you. I mean it was just awesome. I wrote down all kinds of great stuff and love to have you back again it was.

So good you have to be able to oh. I've got a message to from. Maria who happens to be on here. David special advice that we are enough is pure gold thank you.

So hat. Thank. You. Maria.

Thank. You. Maria positive that's awesome. So yeah.

So. I'm definitely gonna have you back again and let's stay in touch in some way. I really had a good time maybe down the road we'll be able to share a stage or do something that sounds like fun that sounds like. God yeah a lot of fun yeah just reach out to.

Stephanie if you want to schedule something she controls my life right. Now. So. I have a.

Stacy that does that all right. Right. On. So alright.

Man you have a great day thanks again we'll talk to you soon sorry have a great night bye bye bye. Maria.
