Title: JfimAUXUsVM.txt
Video Id: JfimAUXUsVM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfimAUXUsVM

What were you doing young lady stopping myself yes. Stop stopping myself well stop. But. Happ just stop.

I well put it behind [Music] you you you just pointed to where it was just move it yeah you went you went stop it's right. Here yes. So. I went how's it feel now actually much more relaxing how about that [Music] that's.

NLP ladies and gentlemen put it in a different box you have not tapped into a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of the power of your nervous system ladies and gentlemen what we got is the equivalent of handing a supercomputer to a monkey to write. Word documents that's pretty much what we got we got a supercomputer and guess who the monkey is guess who the word documents are how's that feel by the way by the way how does that feel fabulous try to bring it back notice what happens instead. I don't oh literally when. I when.

I. First said it. I was like as. I said stop my heart jumped and you you put it behind me and.

I was like wow okay. Okay. Seems like magic and it isn't how many if you pass the test all right. It is 1 minute after 7 welcome to.

NLP power. SL. NLP power. SL.

NLP power. I am your host. David. Snider and the large person blocking the view is my good buddy.

Bryant. McCall who's also uh big round of applause for. Brian for helping facilitate the sound system. I ran into.

Brian about two years ago at the. Hypno. Thoughts uh hypnosis convention and uh we really hit it off and uh he's been he came to a bunch of our trainings and he's been excited about the the prospect of working with people in building practice groups and helping hypnotists and people who want to learn how to do these things better develop those skills the important thing to remember is that. NLP power is not a certification system it's a skill building one yes.

I do train people yes. I do offer certifications that is not done through. NLP power. NLP power is about getting the life you want the way you want it right.

Now giving you the tools to go out and get the results you're looking for rolling up your sleeves doing the drills and getting the skills right. There are thousands and thousands of people who are my fans and subscribe to me online probably probably many more in. Florida than are in this room. But they're not here you are that makes you special that makes you different means you got up off your ass and you want something right.

And that's who gets ownership in the world is the people who get off their ass and do the work and keep doing the work because it doesn't end the moment you clear out all your you'll find a whole new layer of waiting to be cleared it's what you become on the way that defin you it's how you respond to the challenges and the setbacks and the unexpected things in life that determine the quality of your life it's the questions you ask yourself and the quality of the questions that you ask yourself that determine the directions your life takes and what your neurolog what. Your neurology sorts for your neurology your nervous system is the bit the most powerful the single most powerful in. Rel reality creation information processing system on the planet short of the plan. Planet itself it must almost pathologically.

So seek to answer any question you put to it regardless of how stupid it is no. Matter how badly ill formed the question your nervous system will try to generate an answer. I will prove that to you right. Now why in fact is the.

Moon made of green cheese now after you get that what the did he just ask me part notice what your brain does. Next it laughs and it starts generating. IR rationale what does he mean by that maybe it's this what what if he's coming from that maybe cheese is a metaphor maybe the moon means it's a code for something else right. Welcome to the act the work of your neocortex in action your neocortex the youngest most the newest layer of our brain the parts of us that we pride on being separating us from all the other mammals out there is an idiot a very imaginative one which is kind of weird considering what the neocortex actually does the neocortex is your rational lying brain it is designed.

First and foremost to generate a backstory that justifies the actions and the perceptions that you've decided are true that's what. I said you decided are true okay. Your conscious mind that part of you that thinks it's in charge is like my 2-year-old very cute very cuddly demands more attention than any other part of the family and gets the least done right. But it screams the loudest.

So it gets the most attention. First things. First we need to understand the difference between a conscious response and an unconscious one unconscious responses have the following parameters hey they always come. First understand that they always come.

First they're always true regardless of how illogical irrational comp completely unconnected they may seem they are always the truest you will always always feel like you're making it up it will always have that quality to it if it doesn't we have medicine for you relax laugh it's okay. The medicine is in the form of oxytocin in the back of the room. I am very upset about about my my candy situation. I was recently informed that my my white chocolate kid.

Kat dark chocolate kid. Kat variety packs will no. Longer be available and. I'm very heartbroken because.

I knew down to the down to the the minc. I split tested this rigorously. I knew exactly which ones you would eat. First.

I knew which ones you would eat. Second yes. Sir if you have emotional feelings about that we can use a spinning technique to fix you up. I could.

But. I just don't give a [Music] um. I knew see. First you'll eat the dark chocolate if we had dark chocolate.

But we don't. Then you'd eat the white chocolate. But we don't. Then you'd leave the milk chocolate for me you bastards.

So. But the. Second runner up is always uh. Reese's.

Peanut. Butter. Cup. So we have tons of those we have twick.

Twix bars back there. Milky. Ways. Three.

Musketeers help yourself eat as much as humanly possible because the more oxytocin the more exuse me more chocolate you eat the more oxytocin gets delivered to your system the more plastic your neurology becomes and the faster you change that and. I also do weight loss. But you'll get that tomorrow um. So when we talk about the neocortex its job is to lie n nine out of 10 people if not 10 out of 10 people who walk into my clinic and tell me what their problem is is where they think it happened are lying they don't know where that started in hypnosis we call that the presenting problem.

I get people who come in with post-traumatic stress and they think it was their time overseas that them up we regress them to cause the very. First scen situation or event that is the very source of that very. First experience they're 5 years old now unless you're one of those a five yearsold carrying a real. M16.

I don't think it has anything to do with what happened over there okay. Doesn't mean it's not connected. But when we deal with a lot of these things we have to go back to the most fundamental. Primal foundational time of your neurology when your neurology was the most plastic when you had the least amount of defenses and we need to find out what was put there and who did it and we need to deal with it there because when you deal with it there everything connected to it starts to unravel it loses its.

Mooring its foundation and it becomes much much more easy to change now that's not something we're going to do in a. Meetup okay. But those are things that we do every day in the clinic for everything from post-traumatic stress obsessive compulsive disorder heroin addictions all the way up to terminal cancer. I was very fortunate to study the work of a a man who.

I think is an unsung genius and lot of people have forgotten about him in the hypnosis worldes named. Steven. Park. Hill uh if you have not uh read his book.

Answer cancer get it that. Steven. Park. Hill answer cancer um parts of it are just him ranting against.

Society. But other parts are very very powerful in terms of their therapeutic implications. But free if you can it can free you from terminal cancer it can free you from just about anything the problem is you need the skill sets to get there tonight is about skill sets tonight is about your outcomes using the tools that. I've learned and honed and.

I use every single day okay. Some you may know some of you may think you know right. But the the goal tonight is experience the goal night is to go there right. That being said um one of the things that we do a lot of times when.

I'm teaching events like this is we have this process. I've created called bucket listing and bucket listing is a way of organizing your issues by order of intensity what inevitably happens in our worldview is when we think of something we want to fix how many people have something here they'd like to fix cool how how many people here they have something they want more of oh good how many people here aren't going to raise their hand no. Matter what. I say if you're not raising your hand you might as well leave if you won't raise your hand you certainly won't do the rest of it right.

You need to buy in you don't need to you can stay the same if you want to it's your choice. I'm just going to show you what to do you do it you get the change you don't do it you won't get the jam right. My works that thing come back yet oh you're stuck feeling good you're stuck being you're stuck being. Unstoppable what a suck deal is that.

I guess. I can cross you off my list now no. I want more okay. Um.

So what was. I talking about what was the. Last thing. I saidis bucket listing okay.

Inevitably what happens is the way human beings are designed is the thing that bothers us the most takes up the most bandwidth in our brain. So when. I talk about when we go to most of the time we like to do things ourself right. My demographic falls into three distinct categories and they all deal with right.

Seek human influence. Technologies right. We have people who come to me to learn how to fix their own would that be somebody in this room want to fix your own stuff right. Then we have a smaller segment who want my help to fix their anybody here in that in that range okay.

We got stuff for you too and. Then there are those people who. I call a special kind of stupid there are people who want to go around fixing other people's right. Raise your hands if you want to help piix other people all right.

I got a special course for you the best part is they're all the same technique they're just little tweaks if you're using them on yourself versus using them with somebody else okay. Um one of the problems when we working on when we're doing self-work is many times our. Consciousness our level of awareness is operating at the same level the problem in order for you to gain control over an issue you must find a way to disidentify from it now that does not necessarily mean dissociate from it what it does mean is separate the problem from who you are as a person you have to make a cognitive shift the. Russian sports psychologist.

Soviet sports psychologist back in the 70s when they were sweeping the. Olympics discovered that when their athletes learned how to disidentify from a p a specific aspect or set of behaviors they gained powerful and complete control over it when they were identified with a specific. Persona or personality you have more than one by the way that. Persona controlled them and.

So one of the things that they began to teach was how to disidentify within your own neurology. So that you could understand where it fell in the order of uh going from an environmental thing to a behavioral thing to a values thing thing to a belief thing to an identity thing to a spiritual thing and many times what's screwing us up is that we have that thing confused at what level it should be at many times we confuse things we are with things we're doing you get people who say. I am a smoker anytime you hear the words. I am or.

I have that is what we call an identity statement anytime you hear something connected with an identity statement means that that level of problem is as personal and connected and as immutable as their arm and they will fight on some level just as hard to keep that problem as they will their arm part of what we have to do as self-aware organisms is we have to reorganize that level of problem that level of conflict from something we are to something we believe something we do something we deserve or not deserve something we're capable of or something that's just in the environment because if you can't do that there's no. Amount of hypnosis in the world that's going to help you. I get people all the time who come to me and we do hour session after hour session hour session and they go home and they come back the. Next week or the.

Next day and they say nothing happened. I said will you do anything different he goes no. Oh did you have the urge to yeah why didn't you. I thought.

I. I thought. I was done no. For every change we install you've got to make it real you've got to act it out you've got to externalize it some of you were were in here earlier when.

I was saying if you can't describe what you want you don't know what you want the most important filters in our neurology are the ones that allow us to. Mo move information from the inside of us to the outside of us whether it's in the form of writing the form of speaking any form of externalization allows us to solidify and make what we want more concrete at a neurological level. So you get this you get to this point where. I know what.

I want you you're trying to write and. I know what. I want right. And.

Then you just. I just. I'll just know it when. I see it no.

You won't. I promise you you won't. But the minute you force it through that process of getting it on paper you look. At it go well that's not exactly right.

And you'll sit there and you'll tweak it for an hour right. And in that process you will actually hardwire your nervous system to get it. But there's a firewall that keeps you from pushing that through that membrane and that's the. First one we got to jump through that's why we got to get out of our head and back into our bodies.

So everybody stand up all right. I will give you the theory on how this works. Later. I find that many times telling people how this works and why it works only gets in the way.

So here's the. First thing we're going to do am. I am. I pretty in the picture there.

Tracy do we need more chairs he's getting some okay. Uh. First thing we're going to do is we're going to learn to feel good for no. Reason how about would that be good all right.

So. First thing. I want you to do. I want to teach you really really quickly how to never be depressed again would that be all right.

Would that be a good place to start cuz most of our happens when we're feeling bad true or not true we go for that minute we feel bad we go for the refrigerator right. Minute we feel bad we go looking for the hot blonde oh that's just me never mind don't tell my wife. But. Anyway sorry bad.

David bad all right. So here's the fastest most reliable most powerful way to change anyone in 2 minutes or less it's called physiology posture and breathing. So here's the deal for every psychoemotional state that you have there is a corresponding breathing pattern and posture that goes with it it's a feedback loop we tend to think that uh when we try to control our uh. I knew that was going to be a problem all right.

It. I'll just draw. I'll just have to do it in the air here's the. Mind here's the body it's a feedback loop one leads into the other we're taught in this culture that the.

Mind controls the body no. The mind is the body and the body is the mind and what happens is unless you go through some kind of very very specialized training like special forces training where you're you know in freezing cold water for hours on end and you have to learn how to actually do calculus equations while in that water the. First thing that's going to happen when stress hits your body is your butt's going to pucker up your brains are going to drop out your conscious mind's going to shut off and you're going to default to whatever is there that nature put in there okay. Your conscious mind will be the.

First one gone your willpower will suck okay. Your willpower is a finite resource it's based on two components the amount of sleep you had and the amount of glucose in your system okay. The moment either one starts to deplete you default to pre-programmed hedonistic reptilian behaviors it doesn't matter how many weeks you've been on a diet the minute those srus is what we call that combination of sleep and glucose the minute those units drop below a certain threshold you're in the refrigerator up to your elbows finding the. Next pizza and cold beer you can get your hands on even if you hate pizza and cold beer because it leads to better feelings it leads to a state change you look.

At an addict most addicts will tell you they know consciously that whatever substance they're going to use is actually going to make them feel worse. But anything's better than what they're in right. Now everything human beings do is a quest for. State change you follow me and if you think that you're conscious the problem that we have is that we try to regulate conscious mind stuff or unconscious mind and body stuff with our conscious mind which is the.

First thing that's going to go the the moment you have to exert control conscious willful control over an emotional experience you burn up srus like you just floored the gas pedal on your car and you only have a finite amount. So the environment can overwhelm you the people in the environment can overwhelm you everything has the capacity to overwhelm you and especially emotions positive or negative the difference is negative emotions we feel drained positive emotions we tend to not feel the drain until the emotion subsides and now we go right. But it still drains us the fastest way to change your state and there's good science behind this. I was teaching this for almost 10 15 years before the science came out the fastest way to change your psychoemotional state is to change your body change your posture change your breathing.

So here's what. I want you to do right. Now. I want you to all think back to a time in your life when you saw something that you wanted.

I mean lust wanted right. And you made a decision in that moment that you were going to get it no. Matter what you made a plan in your head maybe you put it on paper you put that plan into operation and you nailed it home run. I want you to remember that moment when you realized you got it you realized you nailed it as you do.

I want you to see what you saw. I want you to hear what you heard. I want you to feel what you felt. I want you to let those feelings come flooding back into your body and most importantly ladies ladies and gentlemen.

I want you to stand and assume that posture you took. When you realized that feeling. I want you to stand that way want you to hold that head up you may notice your yawning that's usually a sign of clearing by the way. I mean some was in the way that just got blown out that's a good sign there'll be a lot of yawning tonight you that or.

I'm really boring. I'm not sure okay. Now notice as you let that feeling come flooding back we're going to do several things with this this is where we start. I want you to just let that feeling double and triple quadruple and while keeping that exact same posture that exact same breathing pattern without changing anything consciously try to feel bad keep your body the same try to feel bad notice what happens.

Ed what happens can't do it can't do it oh ner what happened can't do it how about you big guy good now everybody turn to look. At. Tracy because. I want you looking at my ass when we do this.

Next part right. Now now for this. Next part everybody start to think about what you had for breakfast yesterday that's enough good probably wasn't that good now. I want you to remember a time when you saw something you wanted you made a decision you put it into action and you didn't quite get there you didn't make it.

I want you to see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt most importantly. I want you to remember that feeling in your body when you realize you didn't get it it wasn't going to happen. I want you to go back to that posture that you have in that moment go back to that breathing pattern in that moment when you know you've got that without changing anything not your posture not your breathing consciously try to feel good and notice what happens notice you can't do it now hold on to that depressive disappointed feeling as strongly as you can and what. I want you to do now is shift your body back to the positive winner physiology just shift your body.

But try to hold on to the feeling and notice what happens what you notice bod good huh right. Turn up look. Over here say way hi to. Tracy what' you notice.

I noticed that. I was able to make myself feel better just by exactly back that experience you get somebody who's suicidal. First thing you do is you change their physiology they burst out laughing it's stupid literally can. I use you okay.

I literally had a guy he's kind of tall much taller than you he walked into my office and it was an emergency right. I don't usually take suicidal you know people with. Suicidal. Tendencies without without a lot of referrals.

But his mom had. I'd healed her hip and she was all excited and stuff like that. But he walked in and head down like using like super like. I'm going to kill myself mode and he's used to therapist kissing his ass and telling oh everything is going to be better and sweetness and light.

I said put your head up your shoulders back he goes he starts laughing right. In the middle right. In the middle of the room right. So put your head down right.

Get all depressive right. Be suicidal for me. So much for following instructions. But.

Anyway. But all. I want you to do now is just lift your head up push your shoulders back notice what happens to the feelings in your body. I about better feel more light right.

Here's the thing there's no. State in your body that can overcome your physiology none and the. Chinese knew this 5,000 years ago they knew this 5,000 years ago they just didn't articulate it the same way we did give this big lady a round of applause. I'm going let a little.

I'm you guys can have a seat we're going to we're going to stand up in a minute. But. I'm going to wax uh metaphorical for a moment. So how many people are are involved in some kind of energy work or chiong or martial arts okay.

How many people here have ever heard of a practice known as standing on a as on a steak or standing as a stake okay. I taught it to you. I know right. There was a.

Chiang system many that developed many thousands of years called. Ling. Kong. Jing means powerful empty.

Force actually it's empty is not the right. Word it actually is void which is something completely different. But people who were practitioners of. Ling.

Kong. Jang either for martial arts or for healing developed tremendous tremendous ability to influence other human beings without physically touching them okay. So a lot of a lot of acupuncturists would study the the healing version of. Ling.

Kong jing a lot of martial artists would use a similar process with much deeper stances the interesting thing about about that particular discipline and what. I'm sharing with you today goes back the kind of meet at a at a a video put out by a woman named. Amy cudy uh called uh. Power poses how many people here have seen that video if you have not that is your.

Next assignment by the way. I'm going to spew videos and resources and reading lists at you write them down find them. I should start a affiliate account on. Amazon because.

I'm making. I'm missing out on a hell of a lot of money. But these are the. I.

I want you to not believe me. I want you to check the sources. I site and how. I put it together and convince yourself right.

Just do the research right. I don't take. I don't take credit for the sources. I take credit for the synthesis okay.

In. Amy's work in social psychology she discovered that when you held specific types of body postures and she was her her research was specifically focused on dominance postures alpha male postures um postures like if you've ever seen the chairman of the board pose where they're kind of leaning over. I call it the gorilla if you're in. San.

Francisco this means something completely different. But. I'm just. I'm just.

So not going to be able to air this video. But. Anyway. So that's one of the postures.

I call it the girl. But you've ever seen the chairman of the board poser he's just leaning over that conference tale it's very in yourr face kind of an energy uh another one is what. I call the. Wonder.

Woman pose right. Um and. Then you have uh the victory. Repose everybody in the planet when they win even blind kids when they when they do something that just makes them happy their hands just shoot up like this right.

So there was at least three there's probably one more that. I'm missing um oh feet up on the desk yeah don't do that in a boardroom or negotiations not real good. But that the cool thing about the research was that when people held these postures for at least 2 minutes their testosterone. Rose by as much as 25% and their cortisol dropped by a corresponding amount.

So not only did they become more assertive more aggressive more authoritative and more dominant they became more relaxed 2 minutes now ladies testosterone is the achievement hormone. So even though you're estrogen based life one you need testosterone too if you want to be successful if you want to be that. Dynamic outgoing go-getter instead of a doormat yes. Because that's what happens even though testosterone and estrogen are only a couple molecules apart one will turn you into the you know.

Rocky hopefully with a little more brain cells the other one will turn you into a doormat we need to find that balance which is what. Chinese medicine is all about find that balance you get to choose what that balance is though right. So the idea now is how does this all relate to 5,000 years of. Chinese medicine medical termin.

Theory neurolinguistics and what we're doing today every posture has a corresponding psycho emotional state every posture also changes your hormonal balance because every hormonal. Bal any emotional fluctuation is based on a hormonal change there's a hormonal correlate. So if you change the endocrinology and you change the physiology you must change the psychology how does that relate to 5,000 years of. Chinese medicine well.

I told you one of those poses that. Amy taught was this well there's a top secret pose in every. Chinese martial art that has chiong it's. So secret that everybody does it.

But nobody it's a secret. So everybody knows about it um and it looks a lot like this now people who practice this particular pose would stand there for hours hours at a time now if a two-minute pose bumps your testosterone up by 25% what do you think standing like that for six hours a day is going to do and. L. Kong.

Jing people were known for ridiculous amounts of strength even though they had very very small body right. There's a whole lot going on here okay. Your physiology and your energetics when they're right. Almost always match up it's called.

The. Law of analogy for every energetic phenomena that you experience every emotional phenomena or subjective phenomena that you experience there is an organic correlate that mediates it the fact that we haven't found them yet by the way did. I mention. I'm taking cell phones as a donation.

So if all you did each morning was stand for 2 minutes your day would change okay. You would be immediately 25 to 40% more relaxed and a hell of a lot more assertive and dominant without having to resort to willpower right. And it's tactical you can do it as many times a day as you want you can do it for as long as you want okay. This is called.

State. Control 101 the secret to everything. I do is about learning how to modulate your neurology and your own psycho emotional states the most reliable powerful and effective way to do that is through your body always right. We our cons our conscious mind wants us to believe that it can do everything no.

Right. I'm reminded of that old joke how many people here know who emu. Phillips is. Nemo.

Phillips was a comedian who had a brief flash of. Brilliance during the 80s and he he said this he had this one joke and he would go you know. I used to think that the brain was the most fascinating organ in the body and. Then.

I realized look. Who's telling me that that's your neocortex your neocortex is telling you how wonderful and powerful and how how m of the universe it is while the unconscious mind's running the meat you have to get back in touch with meat suit you've got to get touch with who's running the show. I call it talking to the boss the way we do that is through getting our physiology engaged and engaging the imagination and acting out the changes that we want when you do that you've hit the password that allows you to go to what. I call the subliminal user interface you guys all know what a graphic user interface is.

Right. You'd be using them every day that little touch screen thing you work with has lots of cool pictures on it you make them bigger smaller move them around hide them delete them who do you think had that. First. Apple say no.

We didn't you did human beings inevitably create. Technology based on some process the neurolog is already doing all right. You have an iPhone you have a touchcreen right. How many people here ever watch uh.

I'm. I'm a. I'm a total geek. I.

I. I admit it. I. I.

I relevel in my geekness uh and. I love superhero movies anybody here lik superhero movies right. Here's something we talked about absorption and focus we've covered the absorption part let's get a little bit more about the focus part how many people have ever gone to a movie where how many people have ever gone to a movie cool now you know how sometimes you walk into that movie theater got your best girl or guy on one side big basket of popcorn on the other you're walking down the hallway which one which one's going to be more fun right. Not a role model for impressionable you sit down in the chair the lights go down the movie starts and.

Then 90 minutes 120. Minutes 240 minutes. Later the credits are rolling you realize you have this massive ache in your bladder because you stayed for the very. Last.

Easter egg in the film right. Can you tell me at what moment you became completely absorbed in that movie no. Because if you could you weren't right. People have seen way too many of my videos.

I got to change my script my point though is when we go through these processes the more you can do that the more powerful you'll get the change because this brings us to what. I call smart person syndrome and hypnotist disease smart person syndrome is that part of us that wants to evaluate every thing and prove it doesn't work on us. So what happens is. I'm guiding you through a process and.

I'm saying touch it reach out point out the picture blah and there's a part of you that's trying to do that and there's this little tiny part of you going the is he doing is that working. I don't know if that's working feels like it's working right. Now if there's a part of you trying to be the passenger part of you trying to do the exercise part of you analyzing the shit's working how much absorbed are you say not right. So we have a this is the this is your neocortex trying to again usurp the process it's like the little 2-year-old hey.

I'm still here. I'm still here you all right. Right. So be absorbed be playful.

Then of course there are people who are actually trained in the techniques of hypnosis and. NLP. I won't hold that against you we call and you you guys don't really have you have your own personal version of smart person syndrome and we call that hypnotist disease hypnotist disease is a similar process again neg. Gates absorption in the process.

But takes on the form of part of you is trying to be a good subject and do the job. But there's another part of you kind of hang out going that's a good suggestion. I'm going to steal that this motherfucker's better than me. I'm pissed right.

Because you're always looking at he's better than you or something you can steal right. Again forget that be playful be as little children be playful with this if you can point to where you feel it you can change it. But sometimes very every. So often we tap into an emotion that's really strong and it limits our ability to focus you know what you do.

Then change your physiology change your breathing and you will exert control back over the meat you can't beat it you can be in a war zone and do this this body work and significantly calm yourself down because the physiology controls your psychology it is the exact opposite of what we are taught to believe and it's why we're up most of the time up being a technical term. I haven't come up with a cool acquin for you we're not broken guys you none of you in this room. I don't care what problems you think you have or what your doctors have told you that you have in the world according to. David you ain't broken you just need a software upgrade right.

Diseases. I deal with all kinds of dis. I. I did a hypnotherapy session on a guy for chronic obsessive pulmon disorder he smoked for 40 freaking years and at the end of that session he was breathing better than he had in 20.

So what's real and what's not everything your body does is an attempt to get your attention it's an attempt to communicate something that is going on in your internal environment that needs to be addressed. But nobody tells us this and. So we run to every specialist on the planet trying to find a solution well as. Stephen.

Park. Hill used to say you will run out of body parts long before your unconscious mind runs out of ideas for getting your attention okay. Now. I'm not saying that physical problems don't exist.

I'm not. I'm not saying that at all. I am saying that the vast majority of stuff. I deal with we find out what the emotion is and what the triggering event is the symptoms go away.

So to the problem sometimes it goes away fast sometimes it goes away slow. But it's all doable and it's not magic although it's certainly freaking seems that way. But it starts with your body it starts with learning how to access the. Neurology in a way that's testable.

But to get to the point where you can test it you have to fully engage in it how many people would like to feel good for no. Reason stand up it's party time baby okay. So here's how it starts. I.

I want you to look. Immediately to the person to your right. Or the person to your left hold out your hand look. Them in the eye and go get into it enjoy it feel good about it be ridiculous raspberries for [Music] everyone very good now that dispels two.

M two myths right. There hey. I can get you to do anything. I want in spite of what you want to do yourself.

Second is it gets us out of this idea making a fool of ourselves that is the root of all evil we take ourselves way too seriously seriously. So when you can laugh when you can be fun and outgoing and playful like a little kid you can change it. I promise you you can change it. So here's what.

I want you to do. I want you all to think of a time in your life when you felt the most wonderful excruciating amazing pleasure of your life now you don't have to tell not that one you don't the other one you don't have to tell me what it is you don't tell me who was involved. I don't care. But all.

I want you is close your eyes. I want you to remember what that felt like and. I want you to notice as you focus in on that feeling. I'm pretty pretty sure your arms weren't crossed when you were feeling that pleasure.

But. I want you to notice there's a specific part of your body a specific place in your body where that feeling emerges and where it starts and as you do that. I want you to point to it if you can in polite company point to it feel it if not just imagine and as you point to it. I want you to look.

Inside with your inner eyes. I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression you don't have to tell me just know what it is now when you know you've got it. I want you to physically reach into that spot with both of your hands take all that energy out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides that's right.

I've had people pull for 20 minutes. So. I don't care how long it takes get every. Last drop that's right.

When you got it hold it in your hands take a look. At it notice. First thing. I want you to notice did the color change or stay the same.

First impression and whatever it is it's perfect actually. I want you to look. At it. I want you to notice it's mov moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is that spinning.

First impression excellent now since this is something we want more of. I want you to physically grab it with both of your hands and just like you would spin a wheel spin it like a wheel in that new. Direction double to spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again faster faster faster until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it just gets stronger notice as you allow that neur that new program to work its way deeper and deeper into your neurology any belief any feeling any experience any program that's running that's not in harmony with that new set of instructions and neurology is going to begin to purge it's going to begin to shed it's going to begin to uninstall it like old software being uninstalled by newer better and more powerful software just know notice the process happening allow it to take place let your body do whatever it needs to do and when you know you've got it when you know it's locked in try to turn it off and notice what happens instead when you know you got that open your eyes. Look.

Up here notice how good you feel what just happened killer killer what happened. BD that working out a it oh yeah he's sweating by the way a lot of you may be sweating that's okay. That's part of the process. I've had people yawn twitch their eyes.

Roll back in their head like they're possessed uh their body temperature sores let it happen that's how your nervous system does it that's how you do it if you can point to where you feel it you can change it can't you hell yeah right. She's like. I love that we're going to play with this a lot tonight. But this is where we start now that's drill number one that's called psycho neuro psychosomatic neurom ulation or we can just say spin right.

Next part point to where that feeling is in your body now now. I want you to notice is you point to where you feeling with one hand. I want you to use your imagination if you would. I want you to notice that there's a picture floating somewhere in the space around you that represents that feeling.

I want you to reach out with your other hand and just touch it excellent excellent now take both of your hands trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know exactly how big that is being a technical term. AR you now grab the edges of it and just like you would expand the windows on your iPhone make that thing as big as an. IMAX movie theater screen notice what happens to the feeling in your body that's right.

Excellent now put it back to its original size now while holding it at exactly the same size all. I want you to do is pull it closer to your body keep the size the same and notice what happens to the intensity of the feeling stronger or weaker he's he's ready to go home and go. I need a cigarette put it back to where it was excellent lift it up over your head now pull it down over your head and around you like a big freaking blanket notice what happens to those feelings in your body oh he's having a good time now baby. Yoo right.

I'm going to show you some cool. I don't nor show in a minute good stuff now let me show you how much other power you have unwrap it lift it back up over your head now. I didn't say put it down get a hand get that hand up there people can't follow instruction now you can have this back in just a moment you guys don't know what a frisbee is. I want you to imagine that picture is now like a.

Frisbee and. I want you to throw it all the way back behind you behind the. Horizon just throw it back there. Ed what happened to the feeling gone it's gone oh what happened to the feeling it's gone ner what happened to the feeling it's gone it's gone damn it it's yours.

I can't find it okay. Imagine you have like super magnets in your hands or big old vacuum cleaners and go suck that suck your back. Now ladies and gentlemen this is yours it's yours to do with. However you want.

However you please it's your way of discovering exactly what your neurology is capable of and it's still just the beginning since this is yours and you have the right. The authority the permission and the responsibility to make it as wonderful as you want put it where you like it the best where it will do you the most good just put it in whenever you want it and let that energy soak in let it sink into every part of your body let it find its way into your bloodstream moving throughout every level of your mind every level of your body changing the very. DNA in which. You're.

Made. Of until it becomes a natural permanent part of the way you live the way you think the way you breathe and when you know you've got it you know it's locked in try to turn it off and notice what happens instead oh you mean you're stuck feeling good that's a suck deal give yourselves a big round of applause you may [Applause] sense questions yes. I noticed when. I both of them around my head it's almost like it felt stopped up stopped up yeah okay.

There was the. First one it was strange as. I just tilted my head and it was almost like standing an hour glass pouring out and it it went away. But the.

Second time it's almost like cotton just shoved itself right. Back in. Cotton just shoved itself right. Back in how would you get cotton out that you just got shoved back in well.

I don't know how. I got in. So why don't you just reach it and pull it out just keep pulling till you know you got it all got it all keep pulling up you got it all sure is there any reason why you might want to keep this no. Okay.

As you look. At it. I want you to notice something notice there's this color connected to that feeling what's the color. First excellent.

So notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning this way physically grab it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was now double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitud keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's gone notice is that sis that program works its way deeper and deeper into your nervous system any belief any feeling any experience any program that's running that's no. Longer in harmony with this set of feelings the neurolog is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by new software just notice the process happening that whatever feelings come up come up that's just the detox process allow the process to take place when you know you've got it try to turn it off and notice what happens instead it's weird it's like it comes there's still that scale okay. Scale of 0 to 10 what was it before what is it now before it was packed in almost to the point of like having a sinus infection okay. And now what is it and now it's just draining oh.

So let it drain and just let me know when it's done okay. Big round of applause for the lady your neurology is very much based and runs on repetition. NLP has a concept we call a convincer strategy now in. Old.

School. NLP they would have very long drawn out ways of eliciting somebody's convincer the thing we need to understand functionally about a convincer strategy is that it's basically a set number of reps that the nervous system has to cycle through before it accepts the new program it accepts the new instruction. But we can just as a hypnotist we can just shortcut that right. To the.

Bone and say just keep doing it till you know you've got it that way. I you know if if. Ed's convincer is seven reps and and. Bob's is 47 reps.

I ain't going to impose a strategy on. I'm not going to have to elicit he's got to do it 47 times. I'm just going to keep doing it till you know you've got it does that make sense. So what we did with her she's how's it now it's it's very she's she's like way feelings and emotions will come up from this let them that's the process you got to understand when you when you do this a lot of times especially if it's done something you've been holding in for a long time you just open.

Pandora's. Box the body is going to go through some very weird physiological. Expressions all right. Let it the problem that we have is we live in a society that's teaching us to bottle up our feelings under the guise of control that's not control that's repression repression gives you cancer repression gives you diabetes repression gives you leukemia repression gives you.

Alzheimer's repression gives you uh colitis and and uh. God what doesn't it do it's the feelings we lock in our body that kill us. I can't. I can't stress that any more blatantly than that everybody has a certain threshold of emotion that they can contain in their body for those of you who have an energy background emotions are cheap per period and unless you know how to manage that it's going to manage you okay.

I'm teaching you how to run the system now. But. You' got to let that system vent cuz for every unit of energy you keep locked in your body you need an equal or greater unit of energy to keep it there and since you're constantly acquiring more you reach a point where an energetic pattern becomes a physiological lesion in. Chinese medicine we would say ches stagnation becomes blood stagnation well emotions are.

Chi that. Chi gets stuck somewhere and it creates a physical mass or correlate based on the energy in that area and before you know it we've got all kinds of problems in the plumbing right. But we can help we can fix it by releasing the emotions by getting the body engaged and activating the neurology utilizing the body's own coding system. NLP is is fundamental in this process because it gave us the one thing we were missing in most of our energy healing disciplines it gave gave us the code that was imprinted on the energetic.

Matrix that the body was using to run the program and the most basic metaphor. I want you to think of it this way medium message and player right. The mees the medium is the energy in your body whether you think when you think of energy as a real phenomenon or just a hypnotic construct doesn't really matter. But that energy is like a.

DVD a rewritable. DVD the message is printed on the energy the energy is programmed follow me the body is the player does your. DVD really care or does your. DVD player how many people have a.

DVD player at home if you can still use that. I remember when that was like. Cutting. Edge.

I was like. I was like. Dad you are like. So backwards right.

Does the. DVD player care what's written on the. DVD not. So much it'll play whatever at the level of that we're working at at the level of.

Neurology that we're working at the level of information we're working at the neurology doesn't care if it's a physical pain an emotional pain physical lesion or an emotional energetic lesion all they care about is that the information is encoded on in a vibrational. Matrix that the nervous system understands. So all. Gears of.

NLP aside if you can just figure out how you've coded the information you've already got enough information to start to change it the. First thing you need to understand is everything and. I'm going to close a loop. I opened at the beginning of this training everything human beings do they do because of a feeling in their body it's either a feeling they want less of or a feeling they want more of what we've been learning up to now is how to how to find those feelings and begin to unlock the code that your neurology uses to manifest it to play it that's what we've been doing and in the process we've given you tools tools that if you just work with them you can change whatever you want now sometimes how we doing on time by the way uh it's 8:00 okay.

We'll go over the we'll take a break. I'm going come back we'll start doing some hardcore stuff like this wasn't hardcore already right. Sometimes remember that everything in the world according to. David and there's always exceptions to every rule.

So you know if if what. I say resonates with you and you can use it take it and run with it go out use it help as many people including yourself as you can and tell me what you've discovered tell me how you've helped people that that excites me. I get emails all the time people telling me how wonderful. I am and thank you for that.

But you know what really gets me excited is when. I get an email from somebody who used this on somebody else and changed their life that. Thrills me like nobody's business and. I keep a record.

I have mass. I have tons of these things of people just like you going out. I had one um you weren't at that training you weren't at that training. I had one of the.

First. Real. Worlds. I did um.

I had a lady wonderful lady name's. Pam uh she came through my 5-day hypnotherapy certification and on the. Last she was going home and she was going to. San.

Diego. Airport and uh one of the guys in her flight was a ex uh. Desert. Storm vet.

I think it was and he had some kind of a major major meltdown in the middle of the airport they were getting ready to call. Security on him whole n yards she literally walks up to him and goes point to where you feel it and spun it away 2 minutes done and he followed her around the airport and. Next to her on the plane to make sure she got home safe and when they parted company he gave her his wounded warrior jacket okay. That's the power you have you don't need to know a lot you just got to be willing to do it.

I don't tell you how all this. Works. CU you don't need to know you just got to do it sometimes knowing too much gets in the way does that make sense and the more you do it the more you'll discover the more you'll learn you are if you could see yourselves the way. I see you.

I look. Into the hearts and minds of thousands of human beings a year and. I know what's there each. I each regardless of what packaging you're wrapped in whether you're super hot or as.

George. Carin put it suffering from severe appearance deficit inside each and every one of us is a scared little child terrified of being alone and desperate to be accepted in love that's what we all are own it. But remember something our parents can't teach us what they don't know. So stop blaming them stop blaming we'll get into that that's a little bit deeper than.

I wanted to go. But um everything the neurology does it does for a positive reason it's trying to do something to help us even giving us a tumor believe it or not when you regress people to before these things happened. First of all from the from like. I cannot.

I'm excited to have an entire wall as a whiteboard and really pissed off that this monitor is. Right. Where. I want to write.

But um can you guys all see over here okay. If you think about the. Genesis of an illness and this could be a physical illness or it could be a a post-traumatic stress problem it could be an addiction it could be something it doesn't matter if it's a physical. Legion or whatever you have what we call an initial sensitizing of event okay.

The very. First scen situation or event that is the peg that all that stuff gets hooked on and. Then you have a bunch of little subsequent sensitizing events not all phobias happen instantaneously sometimes they have they have this thing called threshold let's say the problem manifests up here and it was hooked here and it had an intensity level about a negative you know like a 0.1 or0 2. But each and every one of these added more weight like adding a piece of paper onto another piece of paper on another piece of paper and and at some point it reaches a threshold where it manifests because the there's too much energy and there's too much pressure in the system and we manifest a physical reason the body says hey we can't deal with this anymore and.

I'm going to keep kicking you in the ass until you deal with it it's pretty much what the body's doing in its own unique way and our conscious mind looks at this and says. I'm up because of that because maybe you were going over a bridge when all a sudden you manifested this rap tra this dramatic fear of heights and. So you assume that that's what caused it no. Not necessarily you just happen to be on a bridge when happened from when you were five got overloaded and we associate we anchor.

So in hypnotherapy we'll stimulate this and we'll springboard back to whatever we need to to that very. First scene situation or event now from this point. I think. I have a bridge phobia.

I get back here. I find out. I. I fell off a ladder when.

I was climbing my house and that's the reason it's been building over all those years and at some point. I happen to find my unconscious mind happened to know notice a similarity in where. I was and what. I was doing that somehow matched that.

CU that's what your unconscious mind does it looks for similarities and. Link things together in a nonlinear format that's why a lot of times when you regress people back to this the. First thing you see is what the because their expectation they're expecting to see themselves going over a bridge 5 years ago and they're not they're hanging off the side of a house cuz the ladder fell right. Because they can't consciously have an expectation of where their those those things started and it's almost never true they're connected in some way now the interesting thing is once you clear this here all of this makes perfect sense if you view the problem from the ass end it doesn't make sense because it's being parsed by the conscious mind when you clear it from before the event everything makes sense okay.

That's what you'll run into many times when you start doing a lot of the deeper inner work is where you go and where you end up will not make sense it will not be anything like what you expect and if it is what you expect be suspicious why what are the what are the. Dynamics of an unconscious response.
