Title: 14JFq3bkjvc.txt
Video Id: 14JFq3bkjvc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14JFq3bkjvc

This class like. I said is a is a synthesis of several different disciplines with a large part of it coming from my experiences in the uh in the realm and the and the the field of. Chinese facial diagnosis. Chinese medical facial diagnosis which actually has a very long history um in the.

Chinese. Chinese culture these five thousand years that we know of okay. Um. Chinese facial diagnosis is a very large part of.

Chinese medicine we can diagnose pretty much the entire system of the body through facial change coloration changes in the face different areas of the body correspond to different organ systems and things like that we're going to go through this in a more let's all turn our cell phones off. I. I'm one of the biggest offenders of that. I was teaching a webinar.

Last night my cell phone went off nine times and it was the same person every time yeah uh. So. I'm actually going to go ahead and put. I thought.

I'd put my phone in airplane mode apparently airplanes still don't do. Anyway. But yeah let's just go ahead and turn these off just for fun just for my fun especially um this is the class on energetic psychotherapy that's what. I call it okay.

There's going to be a very strong energetic component in what we do there's going to be very strong spiritual component in what we do and what. I mean by that is and it doesn't really it's not about religion. So per se it's about understanding that you are more than this physical body that there is a totality to your being that is processed holographically like white light is passed through a prism we express information as it passes through our system on multiple channels multiple levels simultaneously the. Chinese.

Embrace this idea of many many centuries ago in our modern in our modern modern terminology and our modern jargon we would call it holographic or fractal okay. Um in going through many of the aspects of this process. I saw a lot of correlations and crossovers between what we do as hypnotherapists and what. Chinese face reading is trying to do and in its own way.

So there are many different aspects to the face this one the one you guys keep taking pictures of which by the way is in your notes right. It's just not in full color this is the emotional map of the face in modern times we have uh researchers into facial movements and things like that his name is. Dr. Paul.

Ekman. Dr. Eckman is the leading. Authority on emotions and the face and he discovered a phenomenon known as micro.

Expressions now we talked about this a little bit in the uh the body language and people reading. But various places mark momentary flashes of emotion the five primary emotions that. Dr. Ekman isolated our anger fear disgust and or contempt.

Joy sadness. F5 and shock. I think is their startlement this is not about that particular aspect of what. Dr.

Eggman discovered although you'll find many correlations and crossovers what we're looking at now is the result of years of micro expressions years of being exposed to and experiencing and and sometimes expressing sometimes repressing certain categories of emotion as you go deeper and deeper into face reading you'll be able to discover things and and know things about people's personality you'll know the kind of emotional life that they've. LED you'll understand how to look. At them and start to see where different traumas and different events have marked them at specific chronologically relevant points throughout their life most frustrating part for me when. I was doing my my studies in this particular discipline was that everybody talked about the problem.

But never fixed it you had. I'm a guy that just got if. I see something. I gotta fix it you guys know and uh.

So listening to people how many more do we need does everybody have one. Jeff yeah no. This is you you should have one from your previous class okay. You don't have one you know you do yeah you don't have one either okay.

Any more. Jeff you don't get one yeah all right. We'll see if we can get one printed up for you during the break oh somehow. So um this is what you've got is a a version of the very.

First seven notes. I was handed when. I went to study with my teacher uh. Lillian.

Pearl. Bridges she's the one who wrote the book. Facebook. Uh face reading and.

Chinese medicine if you don't have it. I suggest you get it most of them in fact 99 of the material. I've got and. I'm going to teach you about face feeding comes directly from her and her books um.

Lillian. Pearl. Bridges oops foreign she comes from a long history of. Chinese face readers she was taught by her grandmother in a culture where it was probably particularly primarily taught to men believe it or not.

But that's kind of a thing. Anyway when we do face reading a strange energetic interaction tends to take place as you unpack the different facial features and you talk about the certain wrinkles and things like that. As you move closer to resolution those wrinkles or those facial features start to change and they can in fact change over the course of a single single face reading session right. Now if you know you've heard me say this many times before it's really really true here if this is the scope of everything there is to know and understand in.

Chinese medicine we got time for this. But what you're going to find out is that this is really powerful what we're going to do with this is we're going to understand how the orientals as a as a whole. Embrace this idea of. Consciousness and mind and energetics okay.

They didn't use the term hypnosis in fact. I think the modern version what they call it. I think is the uh the name they turn the. Chinese hypnosis.

But um they have these things called nagong or inner work um. Dao. Yin you'll hear these these uh. Concepts that we talk about very readily in hypnosis this is what they're talking about if you would look.

At some of the. Dalian style meditations that they do they look. Just like guided imagery and and hypnosis that we do only they're using symbols and metaphors and things like that that are kind of unique to that culture underlying all of this is uh whether we're talking about what. David teaches in his hypnotherapy classes or what.

Lillian teaches in the in the face reading in the. Chinese medicine in case you didn't know. I'm a licensed acupuncturist. I have a master's degree in.

Oriental medicine um in. September. I'm actually starting my doctorate in oreo medicine. So if you're having trouble getting an appointment with me that's why right.

But if you do need someone to work with you need uh some help with something. TJ is taking the vast majority of my caseload until. I finish the program he's highly confident if you haven't worked with him already uh take a chance to do that. First time.

I met. Lillian you know. I have this thing. I call my.

Snyder sense that's what. I know. I know there's where there's smoke there's fire kind of a thing and um it's funny how how things kind of come together. I don't want to bore you with all the weird stories and things like that.

I know you want to get into the details. I want to read faces. David. I want to see what's under the hood right.

You will. But not yet um. So. First and foremost we need to talk about a few basic rules.

I believe beneath all of this and. Lillian actually said exactly the same thing in her classes the human nervous system she didn't say it this way. But the way. I say it she says human beings are.

Holograms the minute she said that. I was like oh my. God. I'm home with when.

I went to study with. Brent. Baum the founder of holographic memory resolution right. I was happy with my little spinning technique everybody was happy with my spinning technique and.

Then my students started to come and tell me about these other people and. I came across. Lillian at the. Pacific.

College of. Oriental medicine conference. But. Brent.

Baum developed his. Technologies independently completely independently of me on his own working with uh trauma victims uh substance abuse people he worked with most of the many of the victims from the. Oklahoma. City bombing many of the victims from 911 uh his work is very very powerful for resolving traumas and it has a lot it borrows very very heavily from some forms of ericksonian hypnosis.

But there's it's really an energy-based therapy and it also. Embraces this idea that human beings are. Holograms that were vibrational entities processing data right. And those different levels of data are different levels of consciousness okay.

So. I want you to understand everything we do whether it's pulling from the ancient. Chinese or um or from the more modern stuff. Embraces this holographic model and as you just like in a hologram if you take that hologram you split it into lots of little bits if you shine a light through it you see the hole right.

Consequently or alternately it's there's a lot of string theories you guys know what string theory is or um entanglement. Theory right. If. I take two two particles that are connected in some way.

I split them up and they go off in different directions and. I change one this one changes automatically you're going to see a lot of that kind of weird stuff happening you're going to be doing face readings and various levels throughout the course of the. Next three days okay. My goal is to integrate.

Diagnostics which is really what this is about if you really want to get technical about it along with interventions. But they'll be the same types of interventions throughout a lot of the interventions in. Chinese face reading is actually just talking about your stuff in a very loving caring non-judgmental way and following their. Shen now what is.

Shen. Shen in. Chinese medicine is is what we could call the mind it. But it's more the heart mind together it's an integration and you can read people's.

Shen you can read people's energy by the light that emits from their skin and their eyes. You ever seen people see someone who is just um you know maybe they're just in a regular blah mood and all of a sudden they get this really really good news and their eyes. Just light up that's. Shen entering the body okay.

In face reading we're literally. Shen. Chasers what we're doing is we're unpacking whatever facial features call our attention it's very similar to what we do in non-directed regression it's a kind of an intuitive process right. As we look.

At people's facial features we get to understand more and more of the significance of them something about them will call our attention and we'll start to talk about that feature it may be. Nicole. Nicola's nose the way her nose is shaped the way her nostrils flare out and things like that tells me a lot about how she relates to money right. Right.

You don't have any. I'm teasing right. So we can dive we we can diagnose things at different levels right. You can diagnose things at different levels she her forehead jumps out at me now her mom was a bit tough on her right.

But she actually was a little bit more rebellious right. How do. I know that she's got a very close hairline. But you see how how rectangular this is those are two different traits merging together when you see like uh.

Gina right. Gina here has a very a very classic mother's influence hairline see how close the hairs are to the forehead and and how rounded it is that's someone whose mom was hard on him growing up mom made sure she knew all the social graces she knew how to get along with people she know how to you know which. Fork to use at dinner time right. And it's usually done in a kind of harsh disciplinarian type way right.

He's got an m-shaped hairline right. He has a little bit of. Charisma when he wants to turn it on he can just he can just rock a world right. Seth doesn't have hair which actually is a good thing in.

Chinese medicine. Chinese medicine people have receding hairlines or unjust undefined hairlines are tended are tend to be viewed as very driven very hard working and. So the. Chinese say they'll never be poor because they'll always work right.

And. Seth has bought everything. I've ever owned or ever created and everything. I will ever create he's paid in advance.

So. I like. Seth right. So we're going to learn about those things maybe tomorrow maybe today.

I may throw some things out there over the course of it when. I started to look. At how to how we do these things. I started thinking okay.

I've had years of. Chinese medical training right. You haven't. So if.

I start talking about yin and yang and water and fire and all these different things you're gonna be like what. So. I started reorganizing the material a little bit to be a little bit more systematic a little bit more location driven rather than. Elemental driven now we can talk about the elements we can talk about the energetics of things until the cows come home.

But at the end of the day we can't actually do anything with it we have no. Place to begin we're going to have some problems. So what. I'd like to do really really quickly is.

I like. I don't actually have um a book. Anymore. I can borrow somebody is there any extra notes floating around yes.

Okay. There's a. I want you to flip all the way to the the uh almost towards the end and by the way not all. I.

I didn't have time to edit every single thing. So if some of these things will be touching on some of them we won't. I will. I will talk about them as we uh as they become relevant there's a couple of pages towards the back called giving a face reading [Applause] conducting a consultation let's start with that foreign.

So when we do this the. First thing we need to do is we need to create a just like we would do in any therapy session is we need to create a rapport with the subject we need to create a report with the subject. So that's not on your sheet. But it's everything that we're doing in a face reading we're going to integrate with the.

CPI model we've got how many people here to know the. CPI model raise your hand okay. If you don't know the. CPI model it goes like this.

State. Control rapport language form. State. Management process.

Criterion values foreign that's the order that if we were doing. CPI or any type of conversational influence that would be the algorithm that we would follow the. First thing we want to do is control our state. Second thing we want to do get rapport.

Third thing we want to do use whatever language techniques we have if all you have is. Echo technique which is deadly when you're doing face reading okay. You want to unpack stuff you start echoing what they say it will unpack and unravel faster and. I'll get out four you use those previous three to manage their state which is what face reading is about it's about tracking their shin unraveling and getting them to reframe the core issue and.

Then if you need to you can use a process intervention you can. Target their values and have them reframe and look. At their values. So if we're doing.

CPI it would be control your state get. Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process. Target their. Criterion values one more time get or control your state get.

Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process. Target their. Criterion values please repeat after me with feeling control control your state get. Report with me please my have we visited.

Starbucks this morning control your state yet before use your language manage their state jump into their process. Target their criteria and values one more time with feeling control your state get report use your language manage their state jump into their process. Target their. Criterion value excellent now the vast majority of this the vast majority of the magic is going to happen right.

Here okay. We're going to go through some other things today that come from my other modules specifically polarity drills and advanced. State control all right. Now the reason we're doing.

Advanced. State. Control has a slightly different meaning or slightly different use in this class because we're learning how to track. Shen or track emotions we want to sensitize ourself to the shifting of shen as it enters and exits the body the.

Chinese believe that the more your. Shen that non-local vibrational beingness that you are enters the body the healthier and younger you become okay. The whole goal behind face reading as in many of the other aspects of taoism is to get what we it is to return to what we call your original face your original face is that unique beingness that you are before you took. On a body it has everything to do with the reason you incarnated in this time in this place we often asked.

I want to know what my mission here in this life is we all ask ourselves that that's what your your original face is about it's about all the potential traits and qualities and characteristics that are latent within you clearing off all the stuff that's not relevant to your original face and coming in to fulfill your mission in the world we call that your golden path okay. We actually. Lillian actually has golden path. Workshop.

I'm certified as a golden path facilitator believe it or not. I haven't taught one yet. I'm doing this instead because. I think it's more useful because.

I think hypnotists can do a lot more good faster with utilizing these things okay. We're going to be talking about a a powerful technique the engine behind most of the holographic interventions. I do is called resolution frequency generator rfg for short resolution frequency generator this is done through many how many people have been through personality transformation you're going to recognize a big piece from personality transformation when. I start teaching you the mechanics of rfg or resolution frequency generator did.

I talk about this during personality transformation. I don't think. I did no. Yeah.

I tease you with it right. Um. So that being said let's go ahead and take a couple questions we're going to take a break. Then we're going to finish setting up and.

Then we're going to jump into where. I want to start with this. So anybody have questions yes. Um it will change their personality think that's not everybody here.

I was asking if it what happens if someone had facial surgery of some sort for. Facial. Surgery where you're actually altering the bone structure can dramatically impact your abilities okay. The the.

First module we're going to talk about when we come back from our break is uh a substance in the. Chinese medical world known as. G there's about four or five different substances. I don't want to substances really isn't the right.

Word. But uh materials and that's not even the right. Word either you could say energy you could say vibrational frequencies it would all be the same thing they're all manifestations they're just different levels. But in in.

Chinese medicine and specifically how many feng shui people we have in the remaining feng shui people okay. Um are you familiar with the term. Ling have you ever heard that term. Ling.

ER okay. Most of us in. Chinese medicine know about. Chi you guys have heard.

Chi obviously many of us know what. Jing is or have heard the word. Jing right. Some of you may or may not know what.

Shen is. But there are two other aspects to. Chinese or. Dallas philosophy the one is.

Ming which is your destiny your luck the other is. Ling. Ling is a substance that can be used to transfer that can be transformed into. Jing and into.

Chi and into. Shen it is the most fun it's the finest vibrational substance that we have in in other systems it may be analogous to what we call the. Akasha um it's a substance that has to be drawn from the universe there's when in. Dallas.

Alchemy which is really what you're learning uh from this perspective combined with modern approaches to. Alchemy which is really all hypnosis is is a form of alchemy internal cultivation you learn to collect. Ling from the universe and turn it into. Jing now in traditional.

Chinese medicine. It is believed that when you come into this world you have a finite amount of. Jing you get some from your parents you get from your father you get some from your mother it comes together to create the being the vessel that is you for your spear. Shen to inhabit and you have a finite amount when it's gone you get recycled right.

However in some of the more esoteric lesser known as skill uh. I guess lineages of taoism there are techniques for creating more. Jing okay. So you can think of your.

Jing as potential fuel not not energy per se. But potential energy that you use a lot you tap into and you convert for other uses okay. So we're going to go deep into that. Jing side of things because.

Jing is directly relevant to trauma work it's directly relevant to charting the the life events and as you go through your chronology okay. Um. So. Ling or.

Ming. Ling these are the primary substances we're going to talk primarily today about. Jing and tracking people's history and. Constitution okay.

We're going to talk about the ears and when we're born for ladies uh your your. Life. Path starts in your right. Ear circles around picks up on the other side of the ear.

Then circles across and down your face. So and you can tell where events happened in your life by the markings along that path. So what you'll learn to do is you'll see a feature will come out and you'll say okay. What happened when you were 22. right.

And it's like oh yeah right. It's the the marks are are very interesting okay. Uh remind me when we come back we'll talk about vertical markings versus diagonal markings versus horizontal markings okay. Because they mean different things yes.

Daniel. So they have something super long arms yes. So the ears are a mirror image depending upon your gender yes. Yes.

Men will start on the left women will start on the right. Okay. Let's move an early. Drive if you.

Embrace that philosophy you'll live a happier life yeah what you'll see is um there's well. Anyway. I. I digress a little bit because.

I haven't had my coffee yet. But that's all right. So. Ling.

Chi and. Shen these are the these are the four areas that we look. At actually technically it's. Ming.

So these are the four areas that we look. At um what else do. I want to talk about before. I give you guys your break.

Last thing before we go we're going to talk about uh one of the most fundamental energies or the most fundamental aspects of. Chinese medicine yin and yang there's a law it's called. The. Law of.

Vietnam we talked about this in personality transformation law of. Yin and young states that yin and yang are opposites one cannot exist without the other the beginning of one are the extreme of one is the beginning of the other when yin and yang separate we die the more yin and yang we have in. Balance growing in the body the healthier we become okay. From the from the from that initial separation from everything into two basic beams the five elements arose different interactions of.

Yin and. Yang different aspects of it and that's what we read in the face when we get to the chi section we start looking at personality and temperament. So if you want to think of. Jing we're looking at lifestyle.

Constitution history foreign we're talking about. Chi we're talking about personality temperament attitudes. Shen is going to be a mixture of these two as well as things like charisma sexuality relationships lie detection mental illness psychopathy this would be again sociopath sociopathy dark. Triad stuff it also encompasses entities possession and how to see that how to look.

At people and see entities what they look. Like how they come how they express through the eyes. And things like that if we have time we'll go pull up some some pictures of some very famous or in this case. Infamous serial killers and celebrities because they're not much different um and you'll see what.

I'm talking about we'll talk about. Shen eaters uh cold. Shin which is something that. Hallmarks a lot of sociopaths and um.

Psychopaths their. Shen is very cold okay. It's bright. Many times.

But there's a coldness to it okay. You'll want to understand that we talked about this is where we'll go this is where the vast majority of our trauma work will happen. Discovery and. Recovery okay.

So you're the face readings that you're going to be doing primarily today we'll. Center in and around the lifestyle. Constitution significant events that happened in unpacking them right. As you talk about them it's not uncommon for those features to change.

I've literally seen a person grow eyebrows eyebrow bone during a hypnosis session where we went back and we we recreated her life where she was more dominant more outgoing more assertive. I literally she was like had a very round very smooth brow bone by the end of the session she looked like she had a freaking. Frankenstein. Ridge right.

Here okay. It was really cool right. People with with these really pronounced strong eyebrow bones they have a very very reactant um side to themselves they they don't like to be told what to do. So if you tell them to do something they're likely to just say you if they don't have as pronounced a brabon they will probably do it in their head they're going you right.

However these people love to be heroes. So if you just play the. Damsel in. Distress they'll work for free all right.

These are good people to have in your corner right. That again just little things you'll start to learn right. He has a very very uh he's got a lot of talents that he inherited from his his ancestors and no. Hair.

But that's all right. Now he if you look. At his hairline he has a very a very pronounced m shape right. Right.

By the way what what did you do um. First what's his name who he played. Darth. Vader.

Next to. Australia for. Stuff lucasfilms right. He was in children's you'll find a lot of these people who showed it.

So those things happen. I happen to know that him he's introduced he's got a lot see how round this is you see this little dent in here a little bit on the opposite his how did you and your dad get along okay. The distance okay. You'll learn how to tell how close people are with their families by how their earlobes are laid out it's really cool right.

So there's a lot of different areas and aspects that we can play with. But if we try to do it all at once we're going to get lost in the sauce. I want to do things in a little bit more. Progressive.

Way. So we're going to talk about. Jing and. Then at certain points we're going to kind of step off to the side and we're going to start to look.

At the head by zones. So if you can turn around can you come on up here. Phil all right. Just real quick okay.

If you look. At. Phil's face or. Phil's head if you can.

So this is true right. This is true left we have to understand that it's from the person's perspective right. The right. Side of the face is your public face the right.

Side of your face is your public persona the left side is your private face your inner nature when we look. At people we tend to be right. Eye dominant and. So we look.

At them through our right. Eye. So we only see their public face when you start looking at their inner nature you have to look. Through your left eye at the left side of their face okay.

Now there's during the break. I want you to go to your uh your cell phone there's an app. I want you to download cost a couple bucks it's called facer facer f-a-c-e-r our facers thank you. Phil.

So and what we're going to do is we're going to be very systematic. So we're going to look. At right. We're going to start with three zones of the head tomorrow we're going to start with.

Jing today. I may vacillate back and forth between the different zones just to give you a a skeleton to follow. So much for throwing your cell phones off right. Um.

So right. Side is public left side is inner upper middle lower zones right. So those those are when. I start to look.

We start to look. At personality and temperament we'll start to go by zones yes. And the right. Side and left side is the same way this is universal right.

So questions before. I. Turn. You.

Loose for your break [Music] actually there's no. Handed by it there's no. Hand bias that. I can see if it's anything it's gender and in this particular case there's no.

Gender difference your right. Side is your public face your left side is your inner nature right. And we're going to actually learn how to look. At those right.

But we're going to do that after we've covered the emotions of the face and the history yes. I um both of us are right-handed. So we tend to be right. Eye dominant which means.

I look. Primarily through my right. Eye and. I only see the public side if we want if if.

I want to look. And. I look. Through my left eye at your left and.

I see a different face. So you actually should close your you can okay. And. Then you look.

Back yeah when the facer app that. I'm asking you to download it doesn't do much what it does do is it allows you to take a selfie and it will actually impose your right. Side on the left and left side on the right. So you can see what you actually look.

Like if your face versus measurement and that helps you to kind of see where your traits are different it's very very often you have completely different shaped heads right. It's it's you look. Like a freaking alien. But you can do that with you can take pictures of celebrities you can take pictures of of politicians you can if you have the software to do it and you can know what's going on with those people right.

Really cool right. And still just scratching the surface. Then you as you get deeper and deeper into all these different things you learn how they combine like when. I was looking who was.

I talking to um this lady right. Here and. I said her mom was hard on her. But she was kind of on the rebellious side right.

She has a rounded hairline. But it's very. Broad and it's kind of square towards the ends here. So to me.

I combined two separate traits. I asked if that was true and there it is right. Okay. Anything else yes.

The situation on a client sorry when. I assist a situation or something definitely where is this a client for the. First time it's like think of the. Six.

Million. Dollar. Man if you will for a month or this is how. I feel it my right.

Eye on my right. Side gets all the facts business whatever. But on the left side it kind of has this um feeling and it goes right. Yeah because your left side is connected to your right.

Hemisphere which is the emotional subjective creative side. So and. I get conflicting sorry. I get conflicting information they're telling me one thing.

But. I'm feeling something totally they're communicating through their outer nature you're getting information from their inner nature and. I feel like calling them on it. So be careful with that and.

I think and. Then. I think oh okay. Well.

I'll just do the 20 questions and try and yeah and usually they kind of confess of course confess the bowling tournament every time uh. Mandel and uh. Chris got a strike they would do this little happy dance and. Then go confess with that question in line uh-huh sometimes you feel stuff you're not sure if it's coming from you or them don't ask this is a variant face-to-face reading process from.

Chinese medicine is a very intuition driven process right. And you'll follow that intuition right. But there's a there's a a set of guidelines that are we're going to cover when we come back uh one of which is of course suspend judgment remember people are validation seeking mechanisms this is why. Echo technique when you combine it into this process becomes.

So amazingly powerful because when a person gets their very own words back they feel validated they feel understood they feel connected to you and. So they're much more likely they're much more open sharing more because they want you to get it right. Because they know they're not being judged or or being biased towards or against does that make sense we're all seeking that level of connection trust and understanding and. So as you do that a weird energetic by the way don't be surprised you start getting the munchies really bad because when we start doing this the energy is flying you start processing the people start processing it's really cool my biggest drop my biggest um complaint.

I guess about the system as it takes too long. I just want to point to where you feel it and fix it right. And we can. But.

I want to put out there that the. Chinese approach works too it's just not as targeted as what we do in spinning and all the other approaches. So we can really amplify and facilitate that process which is why. I thought this was such an important merging because.

I think as hidden therapists as as coaches this is something that we can just take and utilize whether we do any kind of hypnotic interventions or not if we know if we can look. At somebody's face and know they're far more suited for a dynamic act changing environment than they are for a repetitive boring movement just by the shapes of their faces and their facial features you know we can really help them into into career paths and things that are in line with who they truly are which is really what it's about is helping people find their golden path now most people won't start there most people will start with having a problem or an issue something where they're stuck that's what we do is hypnotherapists right. But a lot of people are very very just curious about themselves you can make a. Whole.

Living just doing face readings for people who want to know about themselves and make a lot of money. I mean. Lillian charges four five six hundred bucks a session for that right. And she gets it she's one she's the most sought after face reader in the world right.

Fortune 500 companies uh security companies. CCI afbi her father was xcia in case you didn't know that um the training keeps coming back. I teach hypnotic presentation skills. So.

I automatically put the mic here all right. It's a little bit more mellow a little bit more laid back right. Which is okay. Right.

All right. Let's take a 15 minute break go get some coffee we're going to come back we're going to jump into how to conduct a face reading we're going to talk about. Jing. Chi.

Shen and uh history on the face [Music] [Applause] yeah yeah two weeks before. I came [Music].
