Title: 4jF6tTboEOE.txt
Video Id: 4jF6tTboEOE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jF6tTboEOE

All right. Get your asses back in the chair. I still got 90 minutes to whoop your asses see. I have.

I have yeah this is a fun place to be. I welcome to my world won't you come on in all right. So one of the things that again when you talk about mental training secrets for. Success which is really what this this night was about you know it's always to me.

I just if if. I could just pull a matrix on your ass just plug it in and download it. I would. But remember that nothing.

I'm teaching you and sharing with you is. Magic or is it everything or is it. I don't think you know you know it's often been said that uh technology advance any significantly advanced technology is indistinguishable from. Magic if you're a.

Sci-Fi buff or you've heard those things it's it's something you've heard before. I have a slightly v a different variation just because we sufficiently understand a specific technology doesn't make it any less magical there is. Magic in each and every one of you you're more alike than not and that's the beauty of it you're different enough to be precious and special and the same enough that. Miracles can happen for you and for you and for you and everyone what.

I gave you tonight and what. I'm going to continue to give you until it's time to go are some ways to tap into that magic and some of you going to score home runs some of you going to get base hits that's okay. Because the more you play the more you'll grow okay. Now when we start this.

Next piece we're going to build on what we've done getting rid of blocks to. Our. Success getting rid of barriers getting rid of fears. First thing to understand is that nothing's going to change when.

I say nothing. I mean everything we've done up to this point is going to be factored into what you're already doing. But there's two levels actually three depending on how far down the rabbit hole you want to go there's two or three levels of change tonight is about simple changes to understand the difference between a simple change and a level two change or a level three change we need to make a distinction between a mindset and skill set and. B something that is episodic or something that is as the the.

CBT players say characterological characterological things tend to manifest 0 to five when you start deep dishing into the whole sequence of events and. Chron and chronology that led to having a certain filter a certain identity in place you're dealing with characterological things. But there are other things that are more episodic once andone things or or things like that you'll find more often than not that there is some you can make anything character logical because the neurology is designed by. God the universe.

Divine. Providence or just some crazy woman on steroids up there to seek connection with every other part of itself now when. I talk about connection. I'm not just talking about warm fuzzy.

Huggy. Fey feelings it's not really only what. I'm talking about what. I'm talking about is a vibrational predisposition that has its roots in the laws of physics you've all heard the old the old uh.

Easter egg or the old story about if you have 28 women in a dorm within two or three months magic happens you guys know what. I'm talking about yes. Yeah the. PMS.

Fair comes everybody gets it at the same time right. All their menstrual cycles synchronize now the interesting thing is there's also a mass. Exodus as all the men leave the [Laughter] state um. But if you take a room full and if those of you who are more physics based that's uh bioh physics by the way um or biochemistry if you take a room full of clocks with the pendulums and they're all moving at different rates and speed within a very short time all the pendulums on all the clocks in that room will start moving in the same direction at the same speed regardless of how they're programmed if you go to.

YouTube and they've actually done this now where they've taken like 48 different metronomes have them all moving at different speeds and. Then within as little as 2 and 1/2 minutes every single metronome starts moving in unison you see anything that is subject to the laws of physics seeks. Rapport it seeks entrainment it seeks coherence with other rhythmic sources is there anything in our universe that doesn't move besides my 25-year-old anything that is molecularly driven is motion okay. Everyone in every nerve the neuroscientists tell us that every nerve in your body is trying to connect with every other nerve in your body the drive for connection is a physical principle of this universe understand that we talked about metronomes we talked about menstrual cycles we talked about pendulums or the the pend.

The. Swinging pendulums on clocks each. IND every one of you has a powerful rhythmic. Source inside of you right.

Now it's called your heart the human heart radiates an electromagnetic field that is measurable with instruments 8 ft in diameter from the body the proceptive division of your nervous system monitors electromagnetic fluctuations in and around you all the time every time a person's heartbeat. Next to you your neurology knows it and you're all seeking entrainment you're all seeking connection it can't not happen if that's the case what do we do about it how do we work with it well that's a different. Meetup for a different day because. I totally forgot where.

I was going with this. But we're going to clear blocks we're going to clear blocks to. Our. Success everything that we do has a vibrational ramification.

So when we start working in clearing blocks whether it's a fear whether it's a uh a barrier the. First thing we need to do is we need to make an a distinction is this something that is a mindset issue or a skill set issue see if you have this magnificent plan laid out and you know every single step that you need to take and you're not doing it well that's a mindset issue right. If you are bursting with desire passion drive you have no. Clue where to go that's a skill set issue they're both fixable right.

You need both. So when you evaluate where you what what your goals are when you evaluate what it allow you to do you need to find out what's really keeping me from achieving this is it a mindset or a skill set what we're going to work with right. Now we have techniques and processes for the skill set side what we're going to work with right. Now is the mindset side what are the feelings in our body what are the holographic imprints in our neurology that are creating the things that are stopping us from doing what we want to do what we need to do is we need to get simple.

First your neurology is designed to. F to. Target the most provocative nasty evil traumatic experience of your life and choose that one. First when.

I pick for a group exercise the. First thing you want to do is oh. I'm terrified of spiders let's do that right. I was molested when.

I was three let's do that no. I'm going to suggest that if you want to develop the skill to write your own ticket the skill to run your own neurology. Then you need to remember how your neurology learns and does things remember before the break. I talked to about.

I asked if anybody's ever bought a book. On self-help that had a technique in it and they tried to do the technique the didn't work how often was that the case versus the success all the time yeah and it's not your fault the game is rigged. I am not going to be popular with the self-help. Community after tonight okay.

There's a book. You might want to read it's called sham self-help and actualization movement that's acronym sham it's ironic it's. I don't know if it's even in print it was recommended to me by a guy named. Dan.

Kennedy some of you who do marketing may be familiar with him. Dan has forgotten more about marketing and direct response marketing than most of us will ever learn um and. I. So.

I trust what he says and he says they got in that book. They got it about 80% right. You've been sold to bill of goods by the self-help. Community.

I'm sorry okay. Any book. That teaches you what to do. But not how to do it is with you okay.

Any book. Or video that says you got to be confident before you can be successful is lying to you and. I will prove it right. Now how many people have ever been faced with something in life they had absolutely no.

Confidence in their ability to get it done whatsoever. But that had to be done would you say it happened more than once did you get it done done when did the confidence come that's right. The self-help. Community is telling you that in order to be successful you got to be confident no.

You got to be relentless you got to be determined you don't have to be confident you don't even have to know what to do. Next do something take action figure it out as you go. I'm a very much a ready fire aim dude okay. Now know there's some people that don't do that my wife direct opposite of me.

I'm a ready fire aim dude. I just start. I'll figure it out as. I go.

I'll make a gazillion mistakes my wife is the exact opposite she has to have every contingency and the contingency to the contingency and the contingency to the contingency to the contingency worked out and. Then she's got to triple check it 27 times and. Then she's got to work it out again by the time she's just getting started. I've done six seven projects now here's the rub she will make a lot less mistakes than me.

But how often does it take to get out of the gate you got to get started small steps. Tiny. Steps ridiculously stupidly small steps. But start okay.

You don't have to be confident by the way anytime somebody tells you they want to be more confident you know what they're really saying. I want to stop being afraid yeah you come into this world confident believe it or not you learn how to be afraid you're taught it anything we can learn we can change okay. So. I'm getting off my pedestal now when we do these processes here's another delus that we have to dispel two actually one human beings believe that their memories are real they for the most part believe that the memory of something is the event itself your neurology with very few exceptions treats it that way everything that you think is holding you back everything that gives you a bad feeling whenever you remember it is an illusion it's not the event that screws us up it's how we've encoded and recorded it in our neurology and anything that your neurology records and encodes can be recoded you just didn't know how to how to do it you're going to learn tonight how to do it and it's a skill set.

But you got to start small why because when message is at the door the. First thing that your neurology is going to do is it's going to say hey let's do this technique it's going to have we ever done that before. I don't know let's check nope all right. I'll try it hope and try are related everybody have a pen everybody has a those cool little notebooks those are yours to keep by the way everybody grab your pen from your little notebook.

Hold it out in front of you squeeze it between your fingers now follow my instructions [Laughter] exactly try to drop it you can't. I said try. I didn't say do it the linguistic catch22 of the word try is it implies an inability to complete an action gentlemen if you ever want to know if the woman's going to return your phone call or show up on the date just listen. I'll try to make it most of the time you wind up staring at an empty chair or getting the voicemail or 15 minutes into the date her parakeet is having an existential crisis and she has to go home you'll get that tomorrow that's the bailout number you try implies an inability to complete an action that's what you will find yourself running into many times when you are faced with a technique that you have absolutely zero history with here's the problem when that new technique knocks on your door and this little guy runs back to see if you've got a history of success the.

First what he's looking for is have we ever done that before what was the result your neurology sorts for what's familiar not for what's good not for what's bad not for what's ethically or morally correct what's familiar whatever has been there the longest and the strongest is what your. Neurology orients on as normal even if it's un desirable cognitively 0 to five clean that up there you'd be amazed if everyone around you suddenly seems to change okay. Just a little aside when you are working for the. S when you're working on yourself you must change the equation by which you learn and practice self-help techniques this process we call bucket listing our neurology wants to take the biggest nastiest most provocative thing in our body and throw this little.

Mambi pambi. Technique we just pulled out of a book. At it which do you think your neurology is more history doing the problem that is presenting itself think there's some neuro neurological. Pathways built into that say yes.

Right. You think it's really good at it especially youve been doing it for 10 20 years right. And you're going to throw this technique that you have absolutely no. History of success barely understand the instructions and wonder why it doesn't work anybody ever tried to do self hypnosis remember.

I talked about smart person syndrome this is the dumb smart person syndrome this is where we try to do a self-help technique that in order to work usually relies on some form of trance and being fully absorbed in the process now think about this for a moment you got the book. In one hand the biggest most nastiest. Godzilla problem on the planet and you're trying to modulate it and be the be the patient at the same time any. Wonder this stuff doesn't work.

So how do we fix it how do we fix it a you need to reorganize your traumas. I'm joking not really what. I mean is you need to reorganize the emotions and the feelings that you want to work with and start with the least challenging least provocative things. First now at worst case scenario when you start doing it this way it's 50/50 it's actually more than that because you're bringing to.

Bear the neurology the way it's supposed to be. But each and every time you knock down one of those little. Mambi pambi problems instant history of success history of success history of success history of success now when you're presented with a problem that's only marginally more provocative. First thing your neurology is going to do we ever deal with that before.

I don't know let me check oh yeah we've done that before it worked let's do that again anybody ever seen that movie. Galaxy. Quest yeah there's that one scene where the guy they're being attacked by the uh the evil space aliens and one of the guys throws out this long drawn out problem. But nobody else had a solution.

So he goes let's do that that's literally what your neurology does if your neurology has to make a decision between sorting for something that it's never done before and is potentially cool or something that is provocative. But familiar guess what it'll sort for every other distinction that human beings make happens. Later when you come out of the womb there's only a couple of things that you really know something either feels good or it feels bad it's either familiar or it's not everything else is a distinction that comes. Later on and whatever you experience.

First is the template the. Baseline for everything else now you can change it it's not not impossible we do that all the time. But for most of us you're running west looking for a sunrise. So.

I'm going to teach you something called bucket listing right. Now. I want you to pick we're since most of us have fears that we want to deal with how many people have some fears and some things that they want to deal with if you don't pick something how many about blocks anybody got blocks blocks okay. Limiting beliefs.

I'm going to go right. Down the list okay. As. I go through these just pick the one that that is relevant to you if you don't have ears that's fine if you have some blocks you're running into that's fine too.

But here's how. I want you to organize this now usually what happens is when. I tell people think of a fear or block the worst one's going to come up. First dynamics of an unconscious versus a conscious response this is important write this down tattoo it on the inside of your eyelids in glowing golden letters you say that again tattoo it on the inside of your eyelids before that wasn't it before dynamics of an unconscious response a your conscious mind always answers.

First period doesn't always answer verbally if you've been to my lie detection workshops you've seen this you've watched the show lie to me you know this youve done any kind of. Neuroscience work you know that the brain is making decisions long before we become aware of them two it always feels like you're making it up always feels like you're making it up three you have this insane urge to edit everything that comes up how many people said think of the very. First thing that very. First seen situation or event that is the source of this and you flash on something that happened when you were two.

But you know it happened when you were five no. It happened when you were two. But it didn't fit your expectation. So you deleted it the conscious mind is the realm of expectation trust what comes up.

First no. Matter how subtle stupid nonlinear metaphorical it may be that's what will get you the change and when this goes back to the. Next one it's almost never linear in other words many times where you end up isn't where you wind up or where you expected to go or if you do go back to what you expected it's a different aspect or a different perspective one small one lady. I treated many many years ago for stage fright.

Didn't have a problem with the audience every time she saw the light she went into a panic attack cuz she was looking at the light when the fear hit her had nothing to do with the audience your unconscious mind records holographically and you only have flashlight type or microscopic memory when you're experiencing those memories those memories are not real they're imperfect recordings of something that happened to you once now you may have had similar occurrences you know using a less than posi one molestation tends to happen several times. But each of those episodes happen once right. Uh how many people ever had the experience of getting really really drunk and never being able to look. At that booze again that particular kind that only happened once right.

But every time you see the booze or you see the the stimulus you replay the movie and your neurology treats it like the event it isn't it's just a really good recording. But here's the rub that recording isn't even accurate. Neuroscience has shown that every time you revisit a a memory it changes. So the memories that you're using to run your life aren't even really happened how is that best thing you could hear why because if the memories that you have aren't even real why not change them how about if you if your system is going to default to memorizing what if when we remembered the past we only remembered it in ways that made our life better that empowered us that gave us the feelings and the beliefs and the perceptions of oursel the world and everyone in it that we chose instead of what was chosen for us because that's the rub it's not your fault none of it regardless of what you think regardless of what you believe you could have done instead you did the best you could with the information you had at times and places where you didn't understand any of this it's not your fault what happened.

But it is your responsibility for cleaning it up and that's cool right. Because you can you can we have to start especially if you're going to again most of you are here to fix your own that's cool right. If you're going to see me and you want my help fixing your still learn this because you're going to learn it you're going to use a lot if you're one of those special kind of stupid that wants to fix other people's get really good at this right. There's a progression that we go through.

So. First and foremost if you a fear find the worst fear ever create a 0 to 10 scale 10 being the most provocative thing that you're afraid to do now make sure let's be very clear when. I'm talking about fears. I'm talking about things you want to do.

But are afraid to do okay. If you're you know uh if you're trying to come up with oh things. I'm really afraid of well. I'm really afraid of jumping out of an airplane.

But you have absolutely no. Desire to ever jump out of an airplane why the put it on the list focus on the things that are holding you back from doing what you want follow me find the most provocative the most challenging one the one you want to do the most. But the most afraid to do that becomes your 10 cut that level of intensity in half find events in your life that are half that level of fear using fear as an example list those events under the five cut that in half now you're at 2.5 find the events that have that level of intensity to them and just keep working backward in whatever increments are practical for you until you get to zero zero being don't give a like a fart in a breeze gone right. Organize your experiences that way now we're going to keep it just at five just to keep it simple right.

You know if you have anger issues like me. I'm the poster child for rage right. You see me when my meds kick in right. Let's say.

I'm you know on one level at my 10 level. I am scathingly angry at my ex-wife for whatever reason or her husband for that matter right. And down here it's like somebody spilled coffee on the rug and. I don't clean it up.

I pay people to do that. So it's my one or zero we're going to start with the ones and zeros when we do this process why because we want to develop a history of success while at the same time practicing the technique where all of our neurology all the different levels of our awareness are working together remember the more emotionally provocative an event becomes the faster your neocortex checks out if you don't believe me go read get the book. Willpower by. Roy balme your willpower is a finite resource okay.

It's determined specifically on the amount of sleep and blood sugar available in your system and you burn up willpower points every time you have to control or manage an emotional response this is why after on a. Friday hard day of the office no. Matter how good we've been in our diet we're in the refrigerator up to our elbows finding. Pizza beer and anything else that'll make us feel good the tank is empty right.

These are thing when we're bored when we're angry this is when we tend to go off of our diets why emotional bankruptcy the emotions have taken over we've managed them to the point where our willpower is exhausted and when that happens the neurology defaults to pre-programmed hedonistic [Laughter]. Behavior okay. I don't make the rules. I just exploit.

I mean. I report them. So everybody got this all right. So here's what we do.

Next you got got your written down you need enter to yes. Sir what is the name of the author of. Willow. Roy bow.

Meister b a u m i s t r i think there's another one out there which is basically the same thing on. Willpower depletion. Theory willpower depletion. Theory um has come under.

Fire in the past couple of past six months or. So. But there's enough about willpower depletion. Theory to coincide with what's the.

Chinese medical system is telling us about willpower um and what we call. Jing reserves that with a few tweaks we can come up with a more modified uh version of the theory that really does explain a lot of these things okay. But anytime that you have to engage in very deep control or strong rigid control of a powerful emotion you burn up willpower anytime you engage in deep critical thinking analytical thinking like math equations and. I know some of you are really good at math that ain't me uhuh that's why.

I put needles in people right. Um. You will burn up willpower in fact you'll respond to these things the same way we respond to pain that's been proven they took. Uh college sophomores and white rats actually they used college sophomores for this because there are some things that college sophomores will do that white rats won't no.

Matter how much you pay them or how much beer you buy them. But what they did was they took. These kids they had them engage in very deep critical problem solving things like that analytical stuff and they took. EEG readings and things like that.

Then they took. These same kids and stuck their hand in a bucket of ice water the readings were practically ident identical the the takeaway was human beings respond to intense critical thinking the way we do to pain we don't like it and the more we have to engage in it the faster we have to burn our willpower to keep there that's why when you have a choice between oh paying the gas bill three stud right. You guys don't know who the three stoes are. I'm in deep.

I'm an old. M all right. So getting back to this look. At your list everybody stand up look.

At your list find out what your one or your zero is. First thing. I want you to do is. I want you to assume.

First thing we're we're going to start right. From scratch right. From. State.

Control 101. First thing. I want you to do is. I want you to remember your winner feeling just get hit the posture right.

If you want to do the power pose do that once you got that. I want you to remember the color connected to those feelings. I want you to close your eyes. I.

Want. You to. Breathe that color through your entire body from the top of your head to the tips of your toes let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube take all the time you need once you got that. Then what.

I want you to do is. I want you to scan your body notice any places of extra tightness or tension places of extra density and breathe more of your winter color through those areas kind of like letting hot water run over an ice cube and notice what happens take all the time you need to let those dissolve as they need to when you know you got that just allow your eyes. To open and. Mo and look.

Up here excellent now what. I want you to do is. I want you to go to the. First thing on your list there's a feeling connected to that thing this feeling you want to change feeling has everything to do with while you're here today.

I want you to take your hand. I want you to point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel it. I want you to imagine that floating in the space around you is a picture that represents that feeling. I want you to reach out and touch it for me now take both of your hands always go with your.

First impression trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is just to make sure we got the right. One grab the edges of it make it bigger notice what happens to the feeling what' you notice got stronger got stronger good now bring it back to its original size now slowly without changing the size of it at all pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feeling what you notice you closer got stronger got stronger perfect put it back to where it was lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket. I know.

I know why is he bathing. Us in all right. Unwrap it lift it back up put it back in front of you now just for fun put a big black frame around it now most of you are too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches. But.

I want you to feel along the bottom of that frame. I want you to notice there's some dials and some knobs and some switches. I want you to find the one that controls the brightness or the contrast. I want you to turn it all the way to the right.

Until the image whites out completely and notice how that makes you feel. Then turn it all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely and notice how that makes you feel and. Then pay attention to which one you like better when you know which one you like better all. I want you to do is turn the dial all the way to that direction until the image whites out or blacks out completely now here's the interesting thing there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you taking the index finger of your your dominant hand like a stylus on a tablet.

I want you to write those lessons across the screen in glowing golden letters. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go now here's the best part you don't even know what the you need to know what the you're writing just start now you may notice many times as this process happens people start writing with both hands simultaneously it's almost like they're writing. Chinese and. Hebrew at the same time right.

You may notice emotions and feelings coming up if it comes up write it on that screen now the screen will scroll just like a tablet. So you can write as much or as little as you want and just keep going until you know it's done it doesn't have to make sense it doesn't have to be positive just keep writing until you know it's done now for the sake of because this is a group exercise some people will take longer than others to do this and that's okay. I am going to take up like 3 or 4 seconds to let you finish if you're still not done work at your own pace and let your unconscious mind follow the steps on its own if you're yawning or doing any kind of weird. Sensations in your body that's right.

When you know you've got that when you know it's all in that screen shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp without sliming the person behind you throw it up over your head back behind the. Horizon till it disappears completely and you know the sound a nail gun makes hear the sound of a nail gun nailing that back there for all eternity until it's impossible to come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity try to bring that back and notice what happens instead doesn't come it doesn't come that's right. Scan your body notice how different you feel breathe your success energy through that area that you just cleared out and notice what happens when you know you got that open your eyes. Notice how different you feel you just learned everything you need to know to clear simple up yes.

What did you say to write with a positive usually what happens and. I. I use this particular process for a reason many times when people go through an experience we derive and infer lessons from it. So they're the lessons.

Okay. I thought. I did it wrong no. Because.

I didn't think of why should. I leave the lessons back there mhm. I'm going to explain that in a minute. But if.

I spend all the time teaching you the theory you'd never get the technique. You' get bogged down in all the conscious learnings without actually getting the technique. You' your conscious mind would actually have screwed you up in its quest for understanding it would have decreased your ability to do it there's a there's another myth that we labor under that we need to fully understand something before we can do it and it's the conscious mind that seeks to understand you don't if you can point to where you feel it behavioral psychology the meat is running the show ladies and gentlemen not because it's it's the most powerful part. But it's the way all of the other subtle aspects.

Express themselves and because it's the gatekeeper to everything you got to make friends with it you got to understand it because nothing will change without it unless you want to talk and talk and talk and can't make this. Last drag it out it's not about if words are important. But in the scheme of things there only one piece okay. So how many people notied that their number one is gone raise your hands show me show me show me yeah try to bring it back notice what happens instead it's in a coffin right.

Now in the coffin perfect some people hear a toilet flushing that's okay. Too right. Whatever metaphor you want will work as long as it signifies done okay. And.

I'm going to explain neurologically how and why that works. But. I wanted you to have the experience of it. First because.

I can explain it all day long and you'll create an expectation. But if. I just let you experience it now you'll understand you'll really get it. So what's.

Next thing on your list look. At your list it's okay. Point to where you feel it imagine there's a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling. Reach.

Out. And. Touch. It excellent make sure we got the right.

One. So you can grab it make the picture bigger smaller move a toshare just stick your arm into it up to the. Elbow notice what happens to the feeling in your body as you do that when you know it's the right. One put a big black frame around it find the knob that whites the image out or blackens the image out in glowing golden letters write the lessons on this screen.

So you can keep the lessons and let everything else go now here's the thing when. I say lessons it may not just be lessons you may get feelings and emotions and some people just write you you you across that screen it doesn't matter if it comes up this is important no. Matter what it is no. Matter how nonsensical no.

Matter how not no. Matter how ridiculous it seems get it on the screen physically write it out with your fingers with your hands until it's all done. I've had people write for 20 minutes. I've had people go into screaming abre actions doing this just keep going when it's done and only when it's done reach up with both hands shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp float it up over the top of your head back.

Beyond the. Horizon and feel it nailed back there for all eternity and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead and. Then when you're done just look. Up here pretty cool oh it's going to get better one more time now if you want to keep going up the scale you can.

I recommend you stay at a l one or two get your reps in right. Right. Get the. Reps in build up the history of success and belief in the technique from experience through the easy stuff because there's not going to be much difference between the ones and the nines eventually okay.

So one more time find something you want to change point to where you feel it. Reach. Out. And.

Touch the picture excellent make sure it's the right. One check it test it move the picture around make it bigger smaller make sure it's the right. One. Then put a big frame around it find the knob that whitens or blackens the image out with your magic index finger write the lessons and other stuff on the screen.

So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go let the feelings come up remember the only reason people get sick in my chair is because the things are not letting out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you hear heal it solve dissolved and resolve from the body solve dissolved and resolve from the mind for all the right. Reasons stay with the process shrink it down move it up over the top of your head back. Beyond the. Horizon when you know it's locked back there for all eternity try to bring that back notice what happens instead be honest what what do you notice you're still processing no.

Um it's it's. I'm trying to pull it back just to see if it'll come and it's there that's right. And that's. Neuroscience okay.

This is how you work studies in embodied cognition studies in object relations. Theory your basic. Neuroscience. NLP all these things are telling us that your system is metaphorical as well as literal your system monitors and creates the sensation of emotional warmth using the same parts of your brain that monitor physical warmth.

So much. So that if. I give you a warm drink to hold you will actually feel more warm towards me the visual auditory kinesthetic and olfactory cortexes of your brain overlap by as much as 40% the problem that we have is we live in a society that separates everything from everything else we separate our words from our from our feelings our body movements from our words everything talk therapy. Body.

Therapy energy therapy and yet and these all can work. But the amount of energy how fast how how long did you have some of these things that you just knew years years how long did it take why because you combined the system the way it was supposed to be used you put it back you got a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts you completed the. Hologram and when you understand the nature of the. Hologram that is the human being oh boy life just gets more and more fun now you don't have to believe me and if this doesn't resonate with you don't use it.

However how many people would like to have some more good stuff would that be cool what if we could use the same technique to get good stuff would that be cool. I want you to think of something you want a whole lot more of. But maybe you felt blocked about it for some reason notice that there's a place in your body where that feeling lives point to it. Reach.

Out touch the picture make sure it's the right. One pull it closer to your body make it bigger just play around with it a little bit explore how this internal representation which is actually a holographic imprint notice how moving it around changes your experience of it now this is something you guys want more of is there any reason go with your. First impression why you might not want to have it is there any part of you that thinks you shouldn't have it or or doesn't want to have it point to where you feel that notice there's a color connected to that feeling what color is that. First impression go with your.

First impression now take both of your hands reach into that spot grab all of that color with both of your hands take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides. I've had people dig for 20 minutes. I don't care now here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to look. At it. First thing. I want you to notice did the color changes stay the same.

First impression that's right. Whether it changed or didn't it's perfect notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning now here's what. I want you to do. I want you to grab it with both of your hands.

Direction has meaning to your neurology. I want you to play with the direction this thing is moving until you find the direction that gives you the feeling you want to have instead when you find that direction. I want you to spin it like a wheel double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that [Music] spot notice the change notice it's gone notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your neurology any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software don't try to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done when you know it's locked in try to turn the new feeling off try to bring the old feeling back and notice what happens instead now many times when people do this for the. First time they feel heat they feel laughing or coughing or yawning or all kinds of weird physical.

Sensations sometimes people get very hot sometimes they twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up whatever happens. However your body expresses this is perfectly right. And natural for you just allow the process to take place as it comes up it comes out as you feel it you reveal it what you're experiencing is the neurological reset the emotional detox phase stay with it be with it till the process is done and when you know it's done try to bring it back and notice what happens instead and when you got that when you know you're done just open your eyes. Let go up here take your time would you notice what did.

I notice yeah just a shift that. I could break it back. Oh you mean you're stuck being awesome now what happened he's still processing he's done what' you notice it was nice it nice ni what' you notice. I think.

I. I'm sort of conflicted as to what focus on and. So. I.

I think of one thing in my life that. I think. I want to do more of and. Then.

I think do. I really want to do that and. Then. I'm sort of over overthinking yeah yeah that's common that's common that's your newex saying hey.

I'm still here. I'm still here exctly. I need to understand no. That's not right.

Shut the up now think of that thing that you really want notice what happens now you want more of what happens what you notice uh very light like the tingly feeling yeah tingly point to where you feel it reach out touch the picture grab that make it as big as a drive-in movie theater screen now make it threedimensional turn up the colors like an. IMAX that's right. That's what. I'm talking about.

Turn. Up. The. Sounds turn up the tastes and the smells and the feelings best feeling ever when you know you got that notice where in your body you feel it point to it notice there's a color connected to that feeling what color is that.

First impression now what. I want you to do two things. I want you to take this picture that you've created and now. I want you to turn it into a movie best alternate reality movie ever and.

I want you to go as far back in your life is you need to go make the changes you need to change to be this awesome person everything's allowed. I had one lady all she wanted was ice cream and hugs another another dude all he wanted was consecutive dates with the. Dallas. Cowboy.

Cheerleaders when. I say everything's allowed. I mean everything cast it right. It script it direct it best alternate reality movie ever when it's perfect in every way.

I want you to watch it start to finish not once not twice. But hundreds and thousands of times over and over and over again with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times stronger 10 times more real a 100 times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than anything ever till it becomes more real than any experience you've ever had until it overwrites every experience you've ever had. I want you to notice how the feelings and the colors connected to those feelings begin to double in size and strength double in force and magnet now they begin to spread filling you up from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between and it just keeps getting stronger until it become.

So strong in fact that your body can't contain all of that amazing infinite unlimited energy it begins to stream out of your body in an ever expanding infinite. Unlimited. Supply forming a brilliant colored frame around that new reality that you've created when you're ready to claim it when you're ready for it reach out with both your hands physically grab that frame and that new reality inside it lift it up over your head expand it to fill the universe pull it down through your entire being head to toe mind body and soul and notice what happens to every point of resistance connected to this new reality and just keep passing that frame through your body over and over and over again until every part part of you is vibrating and resonating in complete. Harmony.

Mind. Body. Soul impossible to turn off breathe those colors through your entire body anchor them in. So fully and completely into the very.

DNA of your system till it's impossible to turn off when you know you've got that try to go back to the old way of being and notice what happens instead excellent now. Reach. Out grab the picture once again expand it make it slightly transparent in glowing golden letters across that screen. I want you to write down all the reasons why you deserve this notice the feelings in your body how the feelings in your body shift and change as you express and create and rewrite your hologram and every reason's allowed doesn't have to be altruistic it can be purely selfish as long as it gives you what you want the way you want it the way you know you're getting it awesome sauce now when you know you got that.

I want you to use your magic internal photocopy. I want you to make a exact carbon copy high def holographic duplicate of that. I want you to take one lift it up over your head wrap it around you like a big blanket take the other one and put it off expand it make it like a panorama. So that it's like a windshield on a car you can see the entire world through that filter.

So that everywhere you go and every place you see and everything you interact with is seen. Through. The. Eyes.

Of a person deserving to have these awesome things and you're constantly reminded of all the reasons why you deserve this when you know you've got it let it just fix itself into place allow everything to lock in when you know you got it try to go back to the old way of being and notice what happens instead and. Then open your eyes. And notice how different the world looks give yourselves a big round of applause. I'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say goodbye. So long. So long if you had a good time tonight please post good things to the. Meetup if you didn't please post to somebody else's have a great 2017 we'll see you in a few weeks thank you all for coming out thank my pleasure thank you.

So much you're welcome a pleasure thank you. So much my pleasure sir thank you to seeing you excuse me thank you you're very welcome sir it's okay. If you don't you mean like. Society of.

NLP or something no. I'm a rogue no. I'm. Last question is it possible that some people you do with can't can't do what you're trying to teach because not not.

So much it's more of an unwillingness to do it and an unwillingness to be to to work at what they can do before they can do other things most people come in and they see like these big monster responses and they can't get that and. So they think they're failing. But the worst thing you can do with any of this is compare yourself to anybody. Next to you as long as you're willing to go through the process success is inevitable.

I'm glad got. But it's everybody's degree of responsiveness and expressiveness is going to change like for example if you're trying to be one to somebody and and that person is it possible that person can't express warmth because of who they are yeah they've got filters in place that don't allow that to be expressed it's not that they don't have the potential for it it's just that they haven't developed that faculty. But everything that your neurology mediates can be changed in in the session do you do hosis in the session we do a combination of things it's all inance work. But not always straight hypnosis as we understand it all trauma work is selfy.

M okay. Cool thank you my pleasure thank you hey brother great way to spend a birthday thank you happy birthday. I'm glad to be here thanks again my pleasure for what you do hi me hey there. I'm.

David nice to meet you you guys have fun yes. A lot of fun sheot into the spirit okay. All that. I to a lot it's all the same elephant you have to feed.

PE you have to give people what they can digest and are willing to assimilate and once they have that and they've proven to themselves the validity of what you've got. Then they become more open for a little bit more and a little bit more and a little bit more problem is we ask people to take too big a leap too quick they can't digest it they it's too different from what they believe the world to be no. Right. Now you're not we got one uh.

January 27th 28th and 29th the one you took. As a matter of fact much better now we've really honed it down oh three days superar yeah we're doing that again every time that comes we show us oh yeah we keep learning we got stuff now that. I had no. Clue about when.

I when when you came to class it's crazy the more. I teach the more. I learn the universe makes sure. I get more that's why.

I keep it's purely selfish every time. I stand up here and. I give. I.

I just got. I get more or the universe says oh he's ready for the. Next level here's an case and. I have to really figure it out right.

But that's that's just kind of how it works you know it's like a video game the levels get harder you got to go higher telling. M room we still use. But we've got other things now that are like insanely powerful and faster. But grym still still.

Cooks the rice a lot every now and. Then when nothing else working. I go back to gry room and kicks ass. I don't waste time on low percentage technique.

I don't have time very easy yeah yeah and it gets every and it meets all the criteria for holographic interventions breath work it's feeling it's sematic bridging we didn't cover all the all that stuff you don't need to know it because you were expecting the old that's right. But it is good because talking about amplitude and terminology and all that keeping us more interest. I'm evolving. I you know.

I never stop learning and as. I teach and as. I discover new things it comes out you know. I'm just a conduit if you want to come to the training let me know.

I'll send you a link okay. All right. Pleasure meeting you have a great night line them up oh this one knows me. I wanted my wife to come and meet you.

But guess she's not making it. I know she keeps sending me invitations she things she has a she has some some stuff she wants you to help her with she wants infant child your infant child right. On man my littlest mom drug you here huh no. You you enjoy the show oh cool oh we're going to be here we're here twice a month plus we do we're going to be doing uh events during the week uh over at my clinic here we we just do the big meetups and that are more energy based more technique based.

I'll probably start doing stuff for practitioners too again. But we also have the. The. Mastermind things.

So. But it's all going through changes we're all going to start our. First webinars this month yeah. I know oh.

I. I hired somebody to do it right. I just show up on on the camera and look. Pretty.

I know it's it's going to take a lot of. CGI you out of here. I thank you you're welcome. I to thank you enough to get one of the slots oh excellent one of the exercise.

I did have a question on maybe. I didn't quite hear it right. So there's two things.
