Title: jpZGdtxUdpU.txt
Video Id: jpZGdtxUdpU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpZGdtxUdpU

You look. At the three zones of handwriting it's right. There it's a direct fractal correlation metaphysical. Zone mundane.

Zone emotional. Zone if you got if you've if you've trained in the handwriting system it's right. There right. Remember the human being is a fractal holographic entity.

So. I can look. At your whole face and diagnose your whole body right. I can look.

At your ear diagnose and treat your whole body. I can also treat your whole body through your face right. I can do it on your arm. I can do it.

I'll tell you other places. I can do it it's it's pretty freaky right. Right. So when we look.

At people what we want to do is we want to measure the relative size of each zones compared to each other right. So if we were in an. LP class we would we would listen to the words that a person uses and if they use a lot of visual words like. Clear.

View. C picture we would say okay. They're a visual person right. And that would be almost true it means they lead with that right.

But they use all of them right. When you see look. At these three zones it's easy to say. Well they're just an intellectual person well yeah that's what they start with that's what they start with right.

But what is the relative order of size is the the top. Zone the biggest one and. Then the. Second biggest is the is the chin and.

Then the smallest is the middle zone or what's the sequence because the relative shapes of the the zones to one another will tell you what kind of data to present when if you've got someone who's got a super high forehead and a super extended jaw or a very interesting or or distinctive. John and. Then the middle zone is just kind of a just a little bit in there now you know that hey. I let me show you this amazing new product here's all the data that supports what it's going to want to do you're gonna love it let me tell you all the things it'll let how it'll make your life easier.

So. I go data feeling function. But what if this zone is bigger and. Then this one and.

Then this one well you just change the order. I have this amazing product it's going to do this for you it's going to this for you faster and easier than you ever thought here's all the data and research that supports it you're going to love it see. Lillian could look. At you and tell your.

Myers. Briggs profile she was that good yeah um she passed away a couple years ago. But um. So.

I'm trying to carry on that lineage as well. So the. First thing we're going to play with is measuring the zones. So get him up here for a.

Second. So okay. So one two three what's her dominant what's her primary she's data driven she's here for knowledge right. Right.

You see the emotional response right. And when she gets it she gets excited and. Then she focuses on all the different ways she can use it true not true as opposed to like you look. At all the things you can do and.

Then you look. For data and. Then you love it nothing same same words different order you're going to be surprised this is again this is what. NLP gave us this was.

I mean the. Chinese understood pattern recognition centuries ago. But even. NLP the whole science of.

NLP is nothing. But pattern recognition human being everything human beings do has a has a structure a process and a pattern to it if you have eyes. To see and ears to hear the pattern reveals itself. So what.

I'd like you guys to do is. I'd like you to break up into groups of four or five and. I want you to just examine those zones remember that we look. From the base the top of the eyebrow to the top of the head now at the risk of confusing people.

I often found it useful to look. At the base of the eyebrow to the hairline okay. When. I measure upper.

Zone. But when. I was traditionally. I was taught from the glabella basically to the top of the head okay.

So let's take 10 minutes and do that go play it give these guys a round of applause [Applause] yes. All right. Um what's going to happen is we're gonna we're gonna move as quickly through the material as possible. I'm going to talk about three to five traits we're going to break up into groups we're going to look.

For the traits and we're going to talk about the traits in a way that allows the person to connect with what we're saying and. Then depending on if you were in my energy healing speed hypnosis class or my law of manifestation class um you would actually know what to do. Next right. But again we're not going to do it we're going to do the that aspect of it here because we don't have the time does that make sense this is all about learning how to look.

At people in a very different way and when you do this you will you will generate very very powerful very very deep level connections with people that you can leverage in your therapy people become very very very susceptible to your suggestions. So that's why. I want to be. I want to.

I want to emphasize be very careful how you use this and just because you see it doesn't mean you have to say it that's going to be the hardest part okay. But if you go through like our three-day face reading for. Fun and. Profit training you can profile someone's entire face in 90 seconds you go from a hairline to chin line boom done now when you look.

At you look. At faces again we looked at three zones right. Upper middle and lower. But you can also look.

At the right. Side of a person's face and the left side of a person's face the right. Side of the face represents the face they show the world their public face who they are when the person they want you to see both are important okay. The left side is their private face who they are when nobody's looking or with their most intimate friends one of the things you want to look.

At when you start looking at facial symmetry is you want to look. For the asymmetries the you'll find that many times one eye is either bigger or more open than the other the size of the eye the openness of the eye indicates openness and expressiveness of emotion the bigger the eye the more the more the big the bigger the opening the more stuff can go in the more stuff can go out without being blocked the smaller the eye or the more closed the eye is in other words they got a big eye. But they're holding it really narrow that's filtering right. When.

I was teaching lie detection many many years ago. I still teach it. But um. I would talk about something called the pupil dance when a person is likes you they feel comfortable with you they're even attracted to you their pupils will start to dilate.

But the moment they start to lose connection or they start to try to mentally or emotionally distance themselves the pupils constrict. So. I would want when. I talked about.

I would watch the pupils dance as as they've moved in and out of. Rapport or when they started to now if the pupil is constricted doesn't mean they're lying no. Single trait in any system indicates deception what it does indicate is that heightened degree of filtering and distancing. So when you meet someone who has very big eyes.

But they're they're slitted this is someone who's very guarded who is rehearsing everything they're gonna analyzing everything you say and do and they're editing and re-editing what they're about to say it out right. So if you talk to someone and you want and you start talking to them and their eyes. Are big and bright. And all of a sudden you talk about them their eyes.

Narrow you just said something that made them defensive or they. I'm not sure they want to talk about or took. Them by surprise you provoked them in some way okay. Remember.

I talked about provocation and how we need that to know what to fix right. When you're dealing with a person you want to watch how those those expressions change you'll also notice that certain wrinkles will appear and disappear depending on the person's mode it's really interesting. But most of us it's hit we we see it. But we don't pay attention to it consciously.

But our our other than conscious mind does it monitors everything that's why you get these gut feelings about people you don't know why you know it. But all the. Lexicon of this entire facial language is embedded in your in your genes and in your neurology okay. So when we look.

At people look. At the markings look. At the size and the shape of the facial features compared to the left side if you have deeper markings on the left side this is someone whose emotional life has a lot more if the markings are deeper on the right. Then it's in the public or business side now how can we use this when you're in a business conversation with someone you talk to their public face why because that's who they want you to see that's the identity and the ego they want stroked you go into a business meeting and you start talking about real intimate stuff they're either going to cut the meeting short or it's none of your business right.

Now when you're out on a date or you're you know you're sick for a. Second. Third dates by the way. But after you get through this training you look.

At faces and go oh hell no. [Laughter] right. There's. So much to this it really is um.

So this is what we want to look. At now one of the things my teacher taught me was most people have a right. Eye bias in other words they're right. Eye dominant.

So when. I look. At a person. I tend to am.

I right. I actually tends to dominate and because of that projection. I tend to look. At their right.

Side of face. So if you want to begin to see the the private side you cover your eye and you look. At your left eye at the left side of the face and you'll start to see different things okay. I mean your hairlines are.

So your hairlines are all jumping out at me can't help myself it's not even part of today's class. I'm going to start talking about hairlines all right. Um. So let's do that let's go ahead and just take five or ten minutes and look.

At public versus private notice the differences in the asymmetry are the lines deeper on one side versus the other are the eyes. Symmetrical or is one held more open one held more closed right. Depending on on how fast we get through the emotional map. I'll talk about other signs of trauma on the face that you can look.

For well this was. Lillian's way of saying the right. Side of the brain controls the left side of the face left side of the brain controls the right. Side of the face that's how she was doing with that right.

But most of us know that. So it's not it's not as bad yeah because again if you think about it the the left side of our the left side of our brain is the analytical factual logical part. So what you'll see a lot of times is you won't see his deep markings on this side of the face because that's not the part that feels as much. But the right.

Side is. Crea is creative intuitive holistic and emotional. So guess what you'll see you might again. I don't want to front load you.

I want you to see what you see you might see more emotional stuff on the left side of the face that makes sense well even if it doesn't that's what. I was taught. So that's what. I'm teaching you okay.

Let's take five minutes or ten minutes let's go do this the widow's peak means it shows an extra reservoir of even energy what tends to make you more mysterious very charismatic um the. The. Legend behind the widow's peak is that it was believed that people with that that women with that marking if their husband died they were. So attractive they could easily get another one right.

Yours um yours is mom was tough on you too yeah yeah the way you tell that there's two ways if there's a a very round hairline here it's usually somebody who had a mom who was very very focused on making sure you knew what salad fork to use and how to behave like a lady the closer it is to the eyebrow the more repressive the mother was sometimes you'll get this little corner of hair that grows inward that's also the sign of a repressive mother. So people get together because of shared trauma yep [Music]. So. I have like like a symmetry issue.

Anyway and. So when he was reading my face the thing that he was saying as he sees more of my feelings and. I absolutely don't feel like that at all. So are we reading it wrong or is it because.

I'm throwing people on because my face has a birthmark. I like it because it's more swollen all the time all the time yeah what do you mean swollen all the time just because there's more capillaries under. Neath. So because of that.

Okay. So yeah [Music]. So on her privates on her public face no. No.

Public faces here okay. Things have been a little frustrating and disappointing yeah um there's not as much marking here there's more actually over here which is your private face [Music] dominance it's about what your your life what kind of emotions you're pressing processing or not processing things of that nature. So what. I look.

For is just look. For the symmetry of it like for example your left dot your right. Eyebrow is higher than your left eyebrow right. Yeah right.

So that actually tells us something too right. The closer the eyebrow is to the the brow bone we call that a coach's eyebrow this is someone who likes to take a very active. Hands-On role in the mentoring and guidance of a daughter a son a protege something like that you're a little bit more easy going in your public face in your business side. So.

I'm betting with your children you're you take quite an active yeah yeah all right. See how it works yes. So. I came in late.

So. I'm trying to like we're the yeah can you just help me figure out sure. So the right. Side of the face is the public face it's the face we show the world it's it's the image we want people to see the private phase is the face that we are we are or we the person we express to be ourselves to be when nobody's looking or around a few intimate friends.

So when we look. At this we want to look. At the relative markings from what right. To left side are there more markings on one side or the other and are those markings deeper or shallower from one right.

To the left right. The other thing we want to look. At is the. Symmetry between the different features for example um his left eye his right.

Eye is actually a little higher than his left eye okay. But if you'll notice this lid is a little bit lower than this one. So this per he's a little bit guarded in his public life than he is in his private life true not true right. Okay.

Um he's got really strong eyebrows he could drink you under the table right. But he's also a. Mr. Fix.

It like he like he loves solving problems the problem is is sometimes these. Solutions he come up with he needs he needs to come up with it with instructions for the instructions because people don't understand what the he's talking about right. And you can see that with see how thick these eyebrows are and how they become they're almost like wire brushes when you see those either. Einstein eyebrows they have he has a very fiery brain right.

So um whatever he's doing in his public and private life he's in is in alignment with his spiritual mission is what we call his golden path you can tell that by the lines here. But if you look. At the depth of the lines he's actually more on track in his private life than he is in his public life it's longer and it's deeper longer and deeper means deep or deeper. Reservoir more into either longer period of time more intense emotion or more intense experience okay.

And that's all you look. For what about you go do the work. I was teaching now go practice don't let me too close to any. Electronics lately is it right.

And because. I think it's working okay. Does it matter if somebody's wearing contacts no. No.

Um. I'm not. I don't think the the lens the lenses you wear whether they're contacts or not it'll affect your blink rate on and off chance maybe your pupil dilation. But as a rule it won't necessarily affect the facial features okay.

Then we have a question for you the question is becomes we we have a person in our group that we couldn't tell who's which eye was bigger or larger or that was probably symmetrical that's okay. Um okay. That just means they're balanced yeah again here's a secret when you're doing classical face reading whatever feature jumps out at you. First that's where you start.

But we're being we're taking a more systematic approach where we're talking we're starting from the hairline we're looking at three zones two sides and. Then we're going to start unpacking going clockwise around the face and looking at the different markings that can appear what's interesting as. I look. At all your faces is how few markings a lot of you have that's really cool means you guys been working on your right.

One of the things that was really bizarre for me was um the lady who worked with my teacher. Lillian her name was. Kelly and. Lillian would show pictures of.

Kelly like 20 years 20 30 years when they. First got together and started working together and. Kelly had had a rough life like really rough and she had all the and she was like in her 30s or something when she met. Lillian she looked like she was 50. you see.

Kelly there isn't a mark on her you wouldn't know she's like almost 70. it's just crazy. But she'd gone through years of this right. Um. So it and again the.

First time you see a marking disappear in front of you you'll be like holy. Batman this is real a microphone change your life yes. If you change if you change your handwriting there's like like. Graphics or whatever yeah you're saying if you can change those expressions on your fish you can your internal life and your face here's the thing.

I understand your face is constantly changing. Anyway if. I were smart. I'd had you all do a before picture at the beginning of today's seminar and do another one after and notice what happens what.

Lillian would do is she would teach for four days on the fifth day she would bring in complete strangers off the street and she would randomly assign us to read their face and she would take a before picture. Then we would do the reading we'd take an after picture same lighting same wall same everything they'd go home and when everybody was gone she'd put them on the screen side by side same lighting same background the only difference was you couldn't get him to stop smiling after the reading different face different face noses would get longer cheeks would fill out lines would disappear it's crazy all right. How many of my face feeders do. I have in here how many people are trained in my face reading class.

I know. Tony who else is how many people have seen faces change you've seen face boom right. It's crazy. I.

I tell you and this probably happens all the time when you're doing hypnosis you just not tuned into it. So you don't notice it. But here's what you can notice look. At the the light coming from their eyes.

Before the session if you've ever seen somebody who's really traumatized they have that. Thousand. Mile stair notice if you've after a successful session when they open their eyes. Beside the fact that their bloodshot look.

At how bright. The eyes. Are that's called. Shen the more trauma that accumulates in the body the less the the subtle energetic part of you the spirit part of you wants to be there you dissociate the more you dissociate the more the lights get the eyes.

Of the light behind the eyes. And. Under the. Skin gets dull and lifeless and flat when you start clearing that stuff the body becomes a hospitable place again and they want to be back in their body the more.

Shen you can get into your body the more rapidly you heal and the longer you live and the. Younger. You look. The spirit your spirit is inherently negative and a negative entropic.

Force it's negative entropic energy it brings chaos order out of. Chaos. So the more the body a little quick example my teacher was also one of the leading authorities on feng shui how many people here uh know anything about like house building or real estate or anything like that okay. So here's a quick question if we have any handymen or handy women in the audience what house breaks down faster an empty one or the one with people in it why there's no.

Life in it entropy sets in faster because life force is a negative entropic. Force which car breaks down faster than when it's being driven all the time the one that sits for three months why it's not being used it's there's no. Life in it right. The same thing happens in the human being your spirit is your life force when you're fully embodied when you're fully connected your body stays healthy and younger longer when it dissociates when it's separated from that your body breaks down right.

As above. So below it's the same pattern right. I talked yesterday about something called. The.

Law of analogy the same principle is the same phenomena are active and and expressing itself at every form of. Human. Experience from the biomechanical to the purely quantum if you have eyes. To see and ears to hear you'll see that pattern repeating itself doesn't matter if you believe it or not it's just it'll be there when you're ready okay.

So we talked about um right. Side left side three zones was that useful you think you can use that okay. Now again don't believe me by the way want to be the most popular person at a party tell them you're a face reader want to get more clients fast and. Then.

I'll get out tell them you're a face reader start telling about their and. Then give them your card they'll be calling uh let's give this lady back here a microphone just a quick question if you were to have plastic surgery. So you're changing from the outside does that actually. Then change it can't it really depends on what kind of work you're having done this is what.

I was taught now you're going to have to test it and find out if it's if it's true enough to be true for you. Lillian would told me once once upon a time she had a client whose son had this massive massive like. Cro-Magnon level jaw. But he was a superstar football player right.

Now one of the things you talk well you'll learn about. In classical face reading is the three three. Treasures. Jing.

Chi and. Shen your. Jing think of it like solid fuel of the body it's it's it's the material. Foundation or your material potential and that's where all of your skills and talents and abilities are kind of stored and expressed from okay.

So one of the things we in in. Dallas mysticism um and. Chinese medicine we want to preserve your. Jing your.

Jing is also your hormones and your and your body fluids okay. There's there's all kinds of things that the word. Jin can. Encompass.

But it's all material and. So it also holds your energy and your ability to do things. So we're always trying to find ways to increase our. Jing the the the post-mount.

Chinese medical people would say you have all the. Jing you're ever going to have when you're born and when it's gone you. Shuffle off this. Mortal coil right.

The ancient taoists believed you could make more. Lillian believed you could make more and one of the things that you'll learn in classical face reading is how to look. At. Jing reserves on the face and one of the things she saw over and over and over again was people were dying with more.

Jing than they had used. But most people die because of misuse of their. Jing you ever hear the expression youth is wasted on the young because they're all. Daredevils they're all indestructible well they're burning that that potential right.

So you'll learn about something called uh. Yang. Shang which means right. Living which is your ability to manage and and minimize the.

Jing and replace it it's almost like an alternate you use. Chi which is the energy as an alternative fuel source. So they call it buffering the. Jing with.

Qi it's it's again. I'm getting into. Five. Element.

Theory. But most of you did come to my energy trainings. So maybe it's okay. Um.

But one of the things that happened he he was about to the the son of. Lillian's client was about to graduate high school and all these colleges were already like. Romancing him to come and play scholarship this scholarship that and as a graduation present his mom got him plastic surgery and got a huge chunk of bone out of his jaw he lost his ability to play football he didn't have the endurance he didn't have the toughness it's a bizarre thing right. So the the lesson.

I take from it is if if you have to remember if you're gonna remove bone really think twice right. Now again it's it's there's always. It's. Gonna.

Change something. But you can never really predict what you can you can maybe kind of take an educated guess based on where it is on the face and what the organ correlations are because everything on the face corresponds to one of your five organs including your genitals. I know things about your junk you don't want me to know you can't turn that off. But actually this was actually one of the ways that you would measure sexual romantic compatibility was comparing the features of the face that's a different class it's probably not something you start a conversation with oh you're hung like a bear you're hung like a squirrel.

Anyway. But. Anyway um that's my reptilian humor. So what.

I have seen is that um adding things like fillers and collagen. I haven't been able to correlate or or map out how big a degree of. Personality transformation that creates. But.

I do know that removing things tends to have a more significant effect because it's harder to it's harder to restore that. Jing once you've lost it. So if unless you have some glaring facial deformity or it just really bothers you on a on a personal level really think about what features you want to you want to change or remove bone from what. I also have seen is like posts and studs and earrings and stuff depending on where you put them they can change personality too right.

Uh. Lily talked about a lady who was like super. Manic and. Then she got her tongue pierced and she just mellowed right.

Out center of the tongue is actually related to the heart and the tip of the tongue is actually related to the heart which is if you say if people are hyper or manic they say you have a. Shen disturbance which is in the heart right. And. So they pierce their tongue.

She calm right. Down another lady had scalding anger issues got her eyebrow pierced nail it out the eyebrows are related to the the liver element which is the liver organ which is the wood element the emotion the toxic emotions related to the liver of anger right. So studs these these things can have an effect right. But your those in terms of adding things to the body that.

I've seen right. In fact in the martial arts. I studied we were taught to look. For people with earrings they're easier to knock out because they would put earrings through various portions of of the ear the the ear is an inverted fetus position with the with the the general organs being in here the spine being here the head being here.

So if you put a stud through here that's one acupuncture. Point that's activated. I only need to touch two more and your body will do weird things all right. Somebody raised a hand uh pass the microphone to this lady is this fun useful okay.

Okay. Oh we have a polarity responder in the room. So would facial massage like probably not pronouncing that correctly um would facial massage like that be beneficial yes. It can be very very beneficial to the organs yeah in fact uh there's a bunch of ladies out in the.

Oriental medical field now that are treating the body through the face yeah a lot of the. Cosmetic aresthetic acupuncture that's out there because the face is one of the most young areas of the body and. So that energy if it gets blocked it gets stuck and it gets. So by tonifying the face it it restores the circulation and.

So you get a lot more energy flowing to the face and the face gets younger. So yeah and also heard about. Lee what is putting this thing you chew on in your mouth like it's a jaw exercise kind of thing. So like and some people do something called mewing you need to speak a little louder because some people will do some some people will do something called mewing which is that kind of thing and those things yeah um it's designed to tonify and build up the chin and the jaw in fact.

Lillian when she was teaching at um yoson. Medical. University she had a bunch of ladies who wanted to build up their will which is related to the chin and the jaw and she would teach him to bring the energy up from the lower dantean up and outning and do this as a. Qigong exercise and they start their chin started to grow this is what's weird is you can you're depending your face is a map of the life you're leading right.

Now it's it carries a record of your emotional history. But as you change your life and your lifestyle your face will continue to change. So if you want a bigger chin or a stronger chin start exerting your willpower more the chin will grow automatically or start doing these weird exercises and you'll start becoming more willful it's a feedback loop okay. Yeah it's it's really it's really freaky actually.

But it's you can see if you spend enough time doing it you'll see it the patterns will start to appear now let's look. At something that. I thought again when. I started creating and looking at what.

Lillian was teaching. I say okay. What's useful what's immediately useful what isn't these are the things that. I felt were immediately useful cross contextually the.

Next one to me is was like the coup de gras this is the emotional map of the face now before we go any further yeah this is a symmetrical map. So just because the the like sadness is over here doesn't mean you can't have sadness over here right. But we're going to go in groups of five we're going to go clockwise from 12 o'clock. I'll come down the middle and.

Then. I'll go all the way back up okay. So one of the. First ones we want to look.

At with people is skepticism skepticism line can be seen directly above midpoint of the eyebrow it starts midpoint of the eyebrow begins to track towards the outer uh the lateral side of the face. So when you see with this marking you often see it in lawyers oh yeah. I remember two three years ago when. I was.

First teaching face reading there's this guy walked up and. I saw that marking and. I said you're a lawyer aren't you he goes how did you know right. Um.

I got them too because. I'm the biggest skeptic on the planet right. My. First my.

First response to anything people tell me is. I don't in my head. So if. I'm smiling.

I'm nodding and. I just imagine. I'm a little thought bubble get that out of your heads all right. So skepticism you might you might you might preface that by saying you know you know a lot of people tend to just take what people say at face value.

But you're you're not quite in that photo you tend to think you tend to like want to see proof when people tell you things because you're not you know you have a little bit of skepticism going on right. You don't want to tell them you're a doubting that might be a little provocative right. Be very again. So.

Lillian when she would when she would start to even if like she was at a party or something she hated. Parties. By the way because nobody would leave her alone um she would she would always try to find something nice to say about the feature. First see oh you have amazing you have an amazing set of eyebrows and very strong brow bones.

But. I notice you have a marking here and people with this marking often have a strong sense of skepticism they need proof about something before they're willing to accept it would that be true for you oh yeah right. Now people don't say well aren't you cold reading because code reading has a similar feel to it. Yes.

Actually. But it's a warm reading because this is actually true right. But the way you say it the moment they accept it the dominoes are falling they're becoming hyper suggestible right. Oh yeah it'll also change their their personality right.

You ever notice that when you gain weight you don't feel quite as confident and secure or outgoing as when you're. I know because. I my weight bounces up and down like a basketball right. Uh when the day.

I got when. I went from wearing glasses to to you know getting. Lasik done my whole life and personality changed right. Little things everything can affect us.

But the face we have the. Chinese say when you're. First born you guys remember. In.

First. Class. I talked about your soul right. It resides in the its soul and it separates and it resides in the heart that is your original face that is who you are with or without a body the.

Chinese say when you're born that's as close as you'll ever be to your original face your goal when you incarnate into this life is called your golden path it's the journey back to that original face to embody it and express it in this reality that's what they call. Ming or. Destiny or golden path they also say by the time you hit 50 you've got the face you've earned right. But the good news is it's all changeable it's all changeable you're not stuck right.

So the. Next one. I want to talk about is. Joy lines now.

Joy lines start at the outer canvas and they begin to migrate up towards the outer edge of the eyebrow now. I'm going to jump to the other side see here it says. Mania or hyperactivity this is excessive. Joy now when we talk about joy in.

Chinese medicine what we're actually talking about is excitement or. Mania think about someone who wins the lottery and. Then has a heart attack or someone who right. That's excessive joy joy damages the heart.

But the joy that even they termed it. Joe. But it's more like super excitement super neurological arousal or. Mania that's really what we're talking about that damages the heart.

So people who are bipolar manic depressive megalomaniacal um orange skin people who are up at three in the morning texting um you'll see these lines you'll see them right. If you see those lines these people are not crazy although they have their moments they can be extremely creative. But they crash right. They're they're very they're hot they tend to be a little bit higher on the narcissistic.

Spectrum as well because of that fire they have a lot of fire. But it's it's not healthy fire right. So this kind of you see these little crow's feet lines here um you see someone who has a lot of happy happy memories you see someone well. I should probably use the freaking pointer you see someone with this that where those lines travel past the eyebrow now you're dealing with somebody who's probably got some kind of mania disorder bipolar borderline something like that okay.

Um when the line angles down you have three degrees of loss you have sadness sorrow and grief the longer the line the older it is and the deeper it is the more repressed it is okay. So we're all when we look. At wrinkles on the face we look. At the body location and.

Then we look. At how deep are the lines and how long are they okay. If the lines start to track back towards the ear the further they move from the center of the face the older they are the longer ago it happened okay. So once again sadness or love now how many people here do any kind of medical hypnotherapy okay.

Do you get like things like asthma or emphysema or how many people who do a lot of grief resolution okay. Let me show you this really quick um. I'm not sure where exactly this map is other. Maps okay.

I may have to go to. I may have to look. For it during a break what what not sure what we're talking about. But oh for good oh that was that's actually was from two years ago my one of my students.

Holly was actually um we were going to try and put together a a private training outside of the regular. Hypno. Thoughts uh thing and she had an app and. So.

I said for a good time call. Holly. I don't care if you believe me. I know it's true all right.

This isn't the mat this isn't the map the exact map. I was looking for. But this is good enough oops sorry just when you thought it was safe to take a picture all right. So when an acupuncturist looks at your face this is what they see everything in green is related to the wood element the wood element is the liver and the gallbladder.

But motions related to liver and gallbladder are anger passion boundaries envy and jealousy blue represents water. Primary. Emotion that anything to do with fear doubt insecurity timidity actually goes to the gallbladder believe it or not um the red the red spots are all fire and we talked about excessive. Joy being the pathological emotion of the heart all right.

See the big white area that's related to the metal element lungs lungs and large intestine don't be surprised if you deal with people with asthma emphysema. COPD allergies when you start to unpack their trauma sadness grief and loss sadness grief and loss migrate to the lungs and there's a specific breath that you'll hear that's that's a long breath or a metal breath okay. So you'll see this if you look. At.

Louise. Hayes. Work where she tracked all these different illnesses to certain emotions. Chinese knew it too right.

They called them internal pathogens or internal inductions okay. So when we start looking at these emotional markings look. At the what organ system or. Energy.

System they correspond to and you'll start to understand what they impact and what you can affect right. So you have three degrees of sadness. So when you see lines running through this area they either either going to have lung problems or they have them right. Um unpack it.

So that they'll breathe easier now there's another loss that start the all these start at the outer canthus and work down there's another one that starts at the inner canvas now. I've seen this in people come two ways. I've seen it track from the inner kanthi down through this lung area just like you see here. But.

I've also seen it. Go. From. Here across and down.

Lillian called these lost love lines now it's easy to kind of. Imagine. That we're talking about a person. But lost love lines pertain to something that is a par such a an important part of who you are your reason for being here that the moment you even think about doing it you just light up like a.

Christmas tree and somehow some way you lost that. So the example. I often give people is like maybe when you were a kid you fell in love with horses the moment you saw a horse your heart opened up like a big balloon and it was like all you thought was you lived you breathed you ate slept horses right. You you go we rode horses maybe when you were old enough your parents bought you a horse and you had pictures of horses and just horses were like such an important part of your life that the idea of ever not having horses or being around horses was just it just never energy radar.

Then something happened maybe the horse died you were in an accident you met somebody who was deathly afraid or allergic to horses and you love them. So much you made the ultimate sacrifice you gave up the horses part of your job when you see those lines is to help them recover the thing they lost you understand when we come we have a class called. Golden path where we look. At the markings on your face we look.

At your entire history we take pictures from when you were born all the way up to the present moment and we look. At moments when you were more fully present and your. Shen was in your body and when it wasn't and we unpack why that happened we inventory all the jobs you've had the things you love to create a profile of your golden path what is your. Optimum life path that leads you to become the best version of yourself part of that is recovering your lost loves past.

Desiree the microphone is this useful okay. I have to keep checking in because. I go off on tangents actually it's not a very good question it's just. Clarity.

So the lines for the lungs and the lost love. So is it the bunny lines around the nose or the longer lines coming down did you say bunny lines yeah that's what they call those lines on the bridge of the nose. So like if you both all the lost all the. Lost lines start at one of either the inner kanthi or the outer can thigh and.

Then they track down through the lung area. So those those little lines at the top of the bridge of the nose are the disappointment you haven't gotten there yet no. Disappointment is actually down here oh. But.

I can't see it's empowerment. I don't. I that was. Lillian's term for it.

I called it appeasement lines um well while we're on it while we're on it. I'll just talk about it both of these lines here relate to anger and boundaries the liver is the energy of boundaries we get angry because our boundaries have been violated and we need to protect our boundaries does that make sense. So you have these are called uh this is an impatience line. But if it's a single one it's called a suspended sword and.

Then disempowerment lines these are the disempowerment lines here these are like little diagonal lines that run down if you ever feel like this and you see little wrinkles right. Disempowerment how many people here are old enough to remember a show called. All in the. Family okay.

So you remember. Edith textbook. Disempowerment lines. So what happens in a distance in a case of disempowerment is that this person had their boundaries violated and they said no.

You're not going to do that and they push back and when they pushed back the. Violator retaliated even more powerfully and their defense is crumbled and. So they lapse okay. Okay.

Whatever you want just just stop hitting me on whatever you want it's fine that's appeasement. So you will see this if if you have to scrunch to make it it's not quite as bad. But if they're there even when the person isn't making a face guarantee they've got some kind of history of abuse going on some some level of disempowerment has been chronic in their life okay. And at some point it's probably going to come up in your session right.

I see it a lot with domestic abuse um to some degree in child abuse early on right. So that's one of the things. I think you really need to be on the lookout for when you see that doesn't mean that that's what they're coming to you for right. So don't go trying to poke that out unless it's appropriate to do that.

But be aware that that may come up in your session right. Also again because. I. I'm attacked.

I'm a tactician and. I'm an influence teacher and. I teach people how to beat predators social predators. But in order to know how to beat a social.

Predator you have to have you know how to say think and you know how to think you have to think like one what do you know about a person with these markings they're not going to fight back huh they will overreact what the primary characteristic that will tend to happen with this marking is they'll put up some resistance and if you just push back harder they'll give in whatever you want. So when you see it either directly or indirectly you need to do a lot of ego strengthening you need to make sure that these people have both these the mental and emotional will and ability to fight back and many times the problem with that is that there's no. Physical correlate to that there's no. There's they don't have the physical ability to fight back and.

So you need to find or or suggest to them that they get that aspect handled buy a gun get a taser take martial arts classes my recommendation is always martial arts classes and. Then carry a weapon right. Like a. Knife knives are really good they never run out of bullets never met a.

Knife yet that ran out of bullets right. Yeah uh where the lines are this is one of the major wood areas of the body. So when a person is doing anger it's going to show up in here or it'll be show up in the in the sclera in the eyes. They usually be very red they call it liver young.

Rising. So a person's highly irritable and just really touchy and their eyes. Are red they've got we call. Young.

Forever. Young fire the energy is rising up to the head. But it liver is is control or what is um anger is controlled by the liver right. And it's all about boundaries now here's the thing you got to remember also that passion and compassion are also components of the liver.

Energy. System. So if you want to heal the liver engaging in. Acts of compassion and kindness will actually heal the liver okay.

This is why a lot of times people are depressed and people go and they take them out to these people and have them do. Public. Service they get better okay. All right.

So what we're going to do is we're going to take uh 10 minutes. I'll take 15 minutes um because. I want you guys all to have chances to do this. I want you to break up into groups of three.

I want you to look. For these markings and find them and ask if it's true or you know do some fact finding see how consistent and how accurate the markings are each of you get a chance to go and. Then new groups work with us many different faces as you can okay. Oh and by the way if you see somebody with these lines and they start talking about it you may see their eyes.

Start to well up because it'll it'll actually provoke the body to start processing either you deal with it right. Then and there which will take up a lot of your time or say. I promise. I'll help you deal with this after class because you have the tools.

I know because. I taught most of them to you on. Friday right. All right.

Go 15 minutes on the clock please. So what we've talked about. So far skepticism. Joy sadness grief or loss or sorrow grief lost love disempowerment all right.

Did we find those okay. Now remember tread gently right. Lillian's. Lillian's.

Mo was always to be positive. First and. Then send some people who have that marking also experience. X it's it's nice because it distances them.

So it doesn't say you're up. So some people who have this marking also experience and it gives them an opportunity to self-disclose because if you tell them what they have they get reacting and they get defensive because now they don't want to admit they have a problem right. So the more soft the more you soften these things the easier it is to get them to open up and. Then you can work with them um this line up here there's actually two variants we're going to talk about the.

First one is the obvious one that's impatient it's irritation annoyance and impatience you see this in every driver in. California right. But every now and. Then you're going to see um.

I'm just going to color this in one single line sometimes it's big sometimes it's small we call this marking suspended needle or suspended sword this marking indicates that just like the disempowered person at some point in this person's life their boundary their boundaries were violated physically mentally emotionally and they push back they've fought back except that when they pushed back they pushed back. So hard they were punished for it. So. William talks about one guy one time he was a basketball player and they had they were playing their it was the championship and he had like four or five scholarships um waiting for him when he graduated high school or for the prosers.

I forget exactly if it was college or high school. But there was. But they were playing their rival team for the championship and there was one guy on the other team who just kept fouling him the entire year and never getting caught and. Then.

Last game in the like the like the. First half or something he followed the guy and the ref didn't see it and the guy just the guy who followed him just burst out laughing and the guy lost his and just cold cocked him not to give him a concussion he got thrown out of the game in fact they pressed charges he got thrown in jail okay. I had a gentleman that that before. Mr.

Rumble was my uh my. AV guy um when he was growing up he was his father was a trucker. So he was always the man of the house and. So he learned how to do a lot of stuff and fix a lot of stuff and um very very strong liver energy this guy was a.

Viking right. And one day he got into it with his dad his dad threw him out a house he has a massive massive. Mark here now this manifests and remember this is in the liver area of the body the liver energy is your achievement energy people who are hyper competitive very. Woody their their liver energy is very very strong or very very metallic.

But the way they go about being competitive is slightly different whatever people always want you to know they've done something cool. So they're the ones who have the big wall of stuff right. They work hard they work long and they look. Down they tend to look.

Down on people who don't do right. Now metal people work long and hard too the difference is you'll never know a metal person is there because they'll both come in at 8am and as the wood guys come in because hey. I'm here everybody working and the metal guy's like click and he's in his cubicle nobody knows he's there right. Very competitive very you know.

So again different types of expression. But the the this marking is what we call it. Jing blockage it actually blocks it's like it acts like a governor on the liver's energy to express. So what happens is at some point as this person is moving through life they're going to reach a point where they can't go any further they literally take their energy and cut it in half and they reach that guard that governor you guys know what.

I mean when. I say. Governor if you ever rented a. U-Haul or something they have these little devices that won't let the thing go past a certain speed that's what that does it also manifests as self-sabotage.

So a lot of times these people will be masters of or. Jacks of all trades masters of a few. But they never seem to. Launch.

So they'll start to be they'll go into a field they'll start to get really successful and. Then they'll either blow themselves up or get bored and start something else they'll never go beyond a certain level right. So when you see that this person has tremendous amount of energy they can't access because of that fear of punishment because that's remember we talk about safety lessons on day one right. This says if.

I get too angry. I'm going to get hurt and get punished and. So. I'm not going to let that out ever again okay.

So they're going to have anger issues they're usually going to have daddy issues. So in. Chinese the. Chinese systems this indicates estrangement between a father and son or a son and a father in our modern society whoever is the dominant most young family if you have a very masculine mother very you know.

Dragon mom as they say in. China you can have this too. But whoever whoever holds that dominant authoritarian role that's usually who it's directed at and it can be from a father towards a son or a son towards a father yes. Wait for the microphone this is.

Bernie he's one of my top students one of my instructors you'll be dealing with him. Later. So if someone has a scar does it do the same not necessarily scars are used can usually indicate a blockage okay. But sometimes pardon me depending on where they show up they can actually be pregnant they can be predictive for example if if you get a scar like let's say you're 12 or you're you're you're like 15 years old and you get a scar here in your 20s something's waiting for you it's crazy and people said and.

Then. I said what happened what um when did you get that scar. I was. I was 20. what happened when you were 30 what happened at 35 do you have an accident or something he goes yeah how'd you know it's on your face yeah there's there's a whole age map on the face we won't get a chance to do that.

But if the line is this way and it if there's someone has a line. This. Way like a horizontal horizontal lines across the forehead if they're naturally occurring wrinkles are called life lesson lines if the line travels all the way across. Lillian said this is a lesson they've completed if the lines are broken or only.

Go part way across it's still in process okay. I'm amazed he's got if they have none. Then they're deeply repressed no. Um actually usually if they don't have a lot of lines they either are have processed all that out they're really disconnected from it um or they're sociopathic uh.

Desiree foreign she has a few. But they're pretty lines have you um [Music] uh mentioned anything about that little line across the bridge of the nose the horizontal one not in not to the class. But. I've pointed it out on a few people already.

So what does it mean it means we haven't gotten there yet oh. So. I have the a very like strong. But curved it almost follows my does it go down into the into the orbit of the eye that's a worry slash overthinking line okay.

That tracks yeah damn it yeah it's again like. I said when you like this is the baby stuff. But you see what the insights you're getting right. Uh do we need a potty break all right.

10 minutes go come back at uh 11.
