Title: jqr7sy6WflA.txt
Video Id: jqr7sy6WflA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqr7sy6WflA

[Music] hello hello hello everyone welcome to hidden laws of attraction i'm your host dr david snyder for the. Next two three hours i'm gonna be sharing with you some of the most powerful and useful practical belief independent uh techniques on how to utilize the law of attraction and use your subconscious mind to create very powerful changes in your life whether it's physical mental emotional professional financial romantic all of these techniques can be used in all of those areas tonight is uh very special for me because the law of attraction is actually something i've been whether you think of it as blessed or cursed with i've been i've been studying aspects of it for for many many years in fact most of my life i just it's something i rarely for for many years did not want to teach um. But the universe has a way of kind of uh bringing me to uh a different understanding of things thank you for my uh for the compliments on my background i'll get i was getting some rather interesting feedback on my choice of background. So and since i'm no.

Longer in that location where that background was i decided to change it up. So a couple of things before we get into the content of tonight's webinar. First of all let me preface this if you're used to a standard webinar where they pitch you and they tease you about stuff for 60 90 minutes um you're going to be a little bit surprised and disappointed i'm hoping and what i'm going to let me clarify what i mean by disappointed our job here planet david is to actually teach you something that you can take out into the world today and actually use and the way that we go about doing that is by giving you a set of experiences processes that we're going to do together where you can experience the own power of your unconscious mind and how to talk to it and communicate with it in ways that the universe intended us to use. But maybe it was lost maybe it was suppressed i think it's a little bit of both quite frankly in the studies that i've been in the in the many many systems i've studied over the past 30 or 40 years what i've seen over and over and over again is that think of it like think of law of attraction kind of like um what's what's it well all right.

Here's here's the metaphor that i use maybe it works for you maybe it doesn't think about every system or every culture on the planet had some way to tap into highest powers whether you call it god source the universe gaia what whatever your word for that higher divine providence is every sin every culture on the planet from the time we crawled out of the ocean had a way of tapping into these forces and bringing things into manifestation right. With some called it magic some called it religion some called it yoga. But at the end of the day it was about taking something that you wanted sending a message putting a call out to the universe and having it appear in your life right. And one of the things i found because of my background in nlp and other other arts that forced me to take a look.

At what we call pattern and structure i discovered something very very profound at least for me was that a lot of these systems regardless of the geography regardless of the time period in which it was developed when you looked at what they were doing through the eyes. Of a neurolinguistic program through the eyes. Of somebody versed in this idea of structure over content what you found was similar structures similar processes were universal to all of these and over after several years of exploring these things one of the things i discovered was that each system worked at the time it was developed. But over the course of centuries decades whatever.

However younger knew it was pieces were lost some pieces were deliberately held back and. So what every culture wound up with in many cases was what i would call an incomplete jigsaw puzzle now if you've all understood what i mean by a jigsaw puzzle type i understand in the chat okay. Oh wait it's okay. Okay.

Good. So here's my theory on it and you can accept it or not it's not going to change the effectiveness of the techniques you're going to learn tonight it just kind of gives you a little bit of context of where i'm coming from and how to tap into the one thing that all of these systems have in common besides their structure your human nervous system that's right. Everything meets at the human nervous system the autonomic nervous system the central nervous system the proprioceptive nervous system uh the intraceptive nervous system if you start from that foundation everything they're doing makes sense and that's where we're going to start we're going to start from the body and work up or work out depending on your concept of metaphysics. But if you think of every system that we're teaching about each of them if you if they had a full complete jigsaw puzzle the pictures would all be the same the chinese systems would have a similar picture to the uh the middle eastern systems which have a similar picture to the european systems which have a similar picture to the egyptian systems of the celtic system in turn not not in terms of um not in terms of of the terminology that they used or the time periods.

But in terms of the process that they used and. So over time what i found was this system had an incomplete jigsaw puzzle and this system had a piece an incomplete jigsaw puzzle and this system had an incomplete jigsaw puzzle and this system had an incomplete jigsaw puzzle. But each one was missing different pieces and if you get enough incomplete jigsaw puzzles assuming they all have the same picture or a very similar picture you can start to reconstruct a whole one you can start to figure out what pieces are actually missing by the hole it leaves in the puzzle right. You've all seen this yes.

You look. At the puzzle you see a piece that's busy you start looking for that shape something that fits that hole does that make sense if you understand okay. Cool all right. Good.

So again i don't normally begin my webinars this way. But for some reason i felt like this was something that needed to be out there somebody out there needed to hear that and if you're on this webinar it's not an accident okay. I believe that i believe very much in this concept of divine timing. But i also believe it's a process called discernment which is the ability to figure out when to do something and when not to do something right.

Discernment is your responsibility. So the techniques we're going to be covering over the. Next 90 minutes 100 well actually closer to 3 hours. So 180 minutes right.

You don't got to believe you just got to do them and if you do them you're going to experience the magic inherent in your nervous system and you're going to learn how to clear blocks to your success remove limiting beliefs and reprogram your subconscious mind to interact with the larger mind that is the universe. So a couple of things. First and foremost if this is the scope of everything there is to cover in tonight's webinar even with three hours we've got time for this much. So my commitment my promise to you tonight is i will take you as far down this law of attraction rabbit hole as i can i will give you as many experiences as humanly possible to prove to you that you have the ability to do this and i will show you how to take it to the.

Next level and the. Next level and the. Next level if that's where you want to go is that a fair trade if you think that's a fair trade if you're willing to do that and take action on what i tell you to do go ahead and type yes. In the chat okay.

Very cool and i'm really excited to see. So many familiar faces i'm also very excited to see a lot of new faces if you're new if this is your. First time joining us on one of these webinars what i'd like you to do is go ahead type your name where you're checking in from and. First time in the chat go ahead and do that now all right.

For those of you on who are joining us on youtube um when you type something in the chat i will see it in real time. But there's about a 60 to 90. Second delay between when i answer or talk about something on the video and it shows up on your feed. So if you have questions i love anybody who's watched any of my videos for a long period of time knows i love questions i really do the problem is many times the questions take us in a different direction than my intention.

So there's three ways now that you can get your questions answered from the content on this webinar and jennifer yes. There will be a recording and that actually goes into part of what i'm going to talk about. First and foremost if you have a question type it in the chat if i see it and it's relevant to the point that we're going to be covering at that moment in the webinar i'll go ahead and answer it at the risk of kind of chasing a squirrel right. Many times because there's.

So many people at you know typing at the same time i miss your question right. So if if you feel like i just missed your question and it was relevant to the point of the webinar that we're at keep keep typing it in right. If i see it and i feel it's relevant i'll answer it. But there's a high probability i won't okay.

Second of all those of you how many of you how many veterans to planet david do we have on tonight's tonight's class i hate to use that term webinar because it's really a class cool. So. First and foremost if you're a long time member of planet david you can be bombing around us anywhere from three months or longer and your type your name and your chat and how long you've been with us and i'm gonna ask you to be my assistants. So to speak for tonight and here's what i mean when people ask questions if you have experience with my material i've taught you that pertains to the question they're asking and you've successfully used our techniques to handle that i want if you would see.

So kind reach out and let them know and answer their question in the chat right. Be my assistants because you are the best proof that i have to offer you guys have been out there and i use the the gender non-specific guys you guys have been out there in the field putting this stuff to work and proving it to yourself for months years. However long it's been. So you're better qualified and a more trusting worthy source than my am even because you guys expect me i'm on a webinar you expect me to say hey my stuff is the best thing since sliced bread and if you take my stuff you'll be the king of the world right.

You expect that right. It's i have an agenda. So to speak. But the people in the clinton the chat rooms right.

Next to you they don't right. And. So if you've had that if you if these things haven't impacted your life positively please answer the questions the final way you can get your question answered and this is the one that a lot of people seem to really like at the end of this webinar i'm i'm i'm streaming to two sources right. Now i'm streaming from zoom to youtube.

So i have two two copies of this content going out immediately after i log off the zoom call tonight youtube will start processing its copy of my footage it usually takes you know 20 30 40 minutes for that process to take place and. Then the replay will go live immediately on youtube if you have a question that you would like a direct answer from me all you need to do is go to the comment section below that video replay type in your question because for the. Next for the you know every time i do a webinar or an ama or whatever for the. Next five to seven to ten days after that i scan those comment sections every single day looking for questions and i will answer those questions as best i can in that format.

So you have three ways to get your question answered type it in the chat if i see it i'll answer it if i don't answer it keep typing it and if i still don't answer it and if somebody else has um an experience or an answer to that question feel free to type it in the chat right. And. Then. Finally if that's still you want more of a direct answer or more clarified answer from me go to the replay type it in the comment window and you'll be able to get your question answered when i can get around to to typing the answer in and i'll tell you if i can answer your question i will i'll tell you if i can't answer it i'll tell you that too right.

And i'll do my best to point you in the direction of where to go to get that information because again i'm i'm i'm you know i wasn't born an omniscient being you know uh contrary to what some people might think um there's stuff i don't know and i'll tell you when i don't know i don't i don't you know we don't have time in our lives for or or theories or pre-verifications or whatever i sure don't i'm pretty sure you don't either i'm going to go out in the limb here and i'm going to i'm going to assume that a lot of you are here because you want to take the randomness out of your life would that be true or not true right. You want to have more control more influence right. Okay. So let me go ahead and start and officially start the dr david dog and pony show with this final um disclaimer if politically correct language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best time the use of your.

Next three hours okay. My go my intention is never to offend anyone. But my style of presentation tends to be highly provocative politically incorrect and all focused on learning to get people to not take themselves. So seriously right.

So if you're one of those people who has the proverbial graphite rod stuck up their butt there's the virtual door don't let it hit you in the graphite rod on the way out okay. Um let's have some fun and that's the secret the. First secret i want you to have tonight about the law of attraction right. The law of attraction tells us that you will attract into your life the situations circumstances events people that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts that are in harmony with your dominant vibration have you guys ever heard anything along these lines that that's what the law of attraction is supposed to be about yes.

Or no. Type it in the chat okay. Here's the problem with that it's true enough to be true and enough to be let me explain. First and foremost most people don't really understand what is meant by your dominant thoughts okay.

You have two sets of thoughts at any given moment thoughts you know about consciously that you're consciously aware of and thoughts you do not the thoughts that you do not are not consciously aware of are their dominant vibration the dominant signal that you're sending out to the universe and they will they will mutate or taint whatever you intend to send out unless you clear out those dominant vibrations. First and since we're on the subject of vibration let's talk about one other thing we talk about from basic physics and of course and here's here's one of the things we we understand metaphysics by understanding real world physics okay. We're going to apply this thing called the law of analogy right. Most people try to get in touch with this higher power and force things to happen in the real world.

But that's not the fastest way to get this to work being a technical term specialized hidden hypnotic influence technologies right. The fastest way to get that connection is by starting with your body okay. And we start with the body we have to start with this understanding of what does vibration actually mean in terms of the physical body what does it actually mean well functionally you have vibrations in your body that you're aware of just like your thoughts vibrations in your body that you're not aware of right. These are all analogous to body feelings okay.

And again i'm opening a bunch of loops because i'm about to start the official dr david dog and pony show. But i want to give you the. First secret. First and that is this how many of you would like to be 30 smarter attractive uh able to manifest things thirty percent faster and easier anybody type yes.

That's me in the chat okay. Here's what you have to do you have to be as easy going playful and relaxed as humanly possible okay. And here's why what's let's talk about vibration. So do we know from physics class can we all agree on physic from physics that higher vibrations dominate lower vibrations can we can we agree like with that with that concept yes.

Or yes. Okay. So let me ask you to think about something what what now you're going to show me a powerpoint david you're making me think holy batman right. Think about this for a moment which is a higher vibration joy or sadness ah okay.

Which is a higher vibration seriousness or playfulness playfulness exactly. So here's the. First most important universal way to hack the law of attraction and make it work faster better and more easily than ever before be as humanly playful as possible in every single thing you do i don't care if you're doing trauma resolution shoveling in a ditch somewhere the more playful and fun loving you are the more the universe magnetizes events and things to you. But on a functional practical level in hostage negotiation when the hostage negotiator approaches the situation in a fun easy going playful manner a playful energy he's 31 percent more perceptive 31 percent more adaptive 31 percent more creative 31 more intelligent and think about this for a moment and his counterpart the hostage taker is up to 31 percent more compliant think about the bad guy is 31 more likely to do what the negotiator asks if the negotiator is playful now isn't the law of attraction kind of us asking the universe or negotiating with the universe for stuff do you see the do you see the analog interpersonally versus trans personally does that make sense okay.

So the great question what if other people around you what is the easiest way to be playful under extreme control your posture control your breathing okay. Control your posture control your breathing for every psycho emotional state that you have there's a physiological posture and breathing pattern that allows it to manifest right. After that is practice does that make sense even if it doesn't make sense i can give you you know one of the places you can look. At is what is an analog it means similar to or similar in structure as right.

Um. So if i say yeah that's as far as i can go with that does that make are you guys with me. So far. So i want you to go ahead and wrap your mind around what i'm telling you is that i want you to bring as fun-loving playful and curious a mindset to everything i'm going to teach you tonight as humanly possible because if you do that you don't have to believe anything i'm going to teach you you just got to do the things i tell you to do why because we spent a lot of time distilling this stuff to be belief independent and focused on mechanics in other words follow the process the events will manifest the the phenomena will manifest does that make sense right.

There's a there's a lot going on. But again there's a lot of things you can do and play with vibrationally we don't have the time like i said if this is the scope of everything there is to talk about i got time for this. So i'll take you as far down this rabbit hole as i can and i'll point you in the direction of where to go for more is that okay. Type in the chat if that's okay.

All right. So your with your permission i want to go through my my basic presentation and at a certain point in the presentation again i'm going to lay foundations i'm going to tell you a little bit about me for those of you who don't know my credentials i want you to make sure you have it uh i'm going to give you we're going to get we're going to do some drills at a certain point in the webinar usually around the 60 to 75 minute mark i'm going to go into part 2 of the webinar which is going to be the programs that we've put together for you to take it. So you can level up when i'm done with part two i'm going to circle back around to the content we did in part one which is here and i'm going to continue to teach and i'm going to customize the content of this webinar for you i want to focus on one of the as a group what you want to learn about the most you want to get get rid of resistance do you want to overcome limiting beliefs do you want to put things into your future that are going to manifest do you want to heal yourself you know whatever it is that you as a collective want. Then that's what we'll focus on for the.

Third portion of tonight's webinar is that a fair trade is that is that a good process for us that you're willing to stick with me for okay. Excellent all right. So with that being said i would like to officially jump into the dr david dog and tony show um hold on a. Second where is my powerpoint did i mute myself no.

I didn't eat myself alone okay. All right. Welcome to hidden laws of attraction forgotten secrets for manifesting success health wealth and happiness tonight we're going to focus specifically on the law of attraction and psychological tips for reprogramming your subconscious mind removing blocks to your success getting rid of negative emotions and programming your mind for unlimited success health wealth and happiness. But.

First and foremost and because we have a lot of new people on tonight's webinar this is something that you know uh is always important like who the hell is dr david snyder and why should i care. First and foremost i am an actual doctor of oriental medicine this is my degree in uh acupuncture and chinese medicine from pacific college of oreo medicine i've had a practice in solana beach california since 2005 where i focused on treating physiological illness that is produced by repressed emotion. So i've had you know a lot of a lot of neural linguistic programmers a lot of hypnotists they spend a lot of time focused on things like weight loss nail biting sometimes social anxieties things of that nature smoke cessation um i never got those clients i did get some social anxiety clients. But most of the things i got were medical issues they were they were literally terminal cancers chronic illness um you know uh allergies asthma emphysema uh constant you know chronic constipation insomnia you know all of which had as its root a repressed emotional base.

So i got a real deep dive over the. Last 15 years into re in discovering how people actually manifest their own illnesses and i don't look. At illnesses that people manifest as a problem i look. At them as a message and when you start to understand the human body is a metaphor generation mechanism all disease processes are actually metaphors of some kind of information that the system's trying to process uh you realize that nobody's really broken even though they come they often feel that way because nobody's taught them any different.

But i learned an awful lot about how people think how they manifest and how to influence and persuade people not only that in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer in the world by globalgurus.org i've been in the top two slot for the. Last five to seven years i've offered over 15 different products on various forms of influence everything from conversational hypnosis hypnotherapy nlp uh and obviously law of attraction energy healing and vibrational and remote influence as well and this is something i'm really really proud of in 2020 i was my course killer influence was named the number one nlp training course of the year by globalgurus.org three or four days ago i got this email in the in from global gurus and it says dear david it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp for 2022 we are still number one you can see the rankings here and if you click on this link you'll see once again that we've beaten out all the other courses out there which is funny because you know as a law of attraction story we never promoted killer influence as an nlp class it's certainly a class that uses nlp. But um. So i'm very proud of that some of the material that you're going to learn about today is actually stuff that we teach to our beginners in in killer influence the state control stuff specifically.

So i also have a 10th degree black belt in an art called rookie kempo karate which focuses on pressure point and energy manipulations of the acupuncture systems actually what got me into acupuncture believe it or not i have a fourth to be black belt in shaolin kung tao a. Second degree black belt in kosho kenpo first-degree black belt in fancu jujitsu i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema and we'll talk a little bit about systema. Later on in the webinar because as far as energy manipulations go perhaps the best system i've seen for tapping into the power of the human nervous system and i studied tai chi and aikido and nike jiu-jitsu is actually systema. So i've also got a trainer's certification in cinco manuscrima and a basic instructor certification in modern east and i've been doing energy work most of my life i'm a hermetic skills practitioner i've been a reiki master and teacher since before reiki was cool advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist advanced dna theta healing bankster energy healing and many many many forms of qigong and taoist mysticism and uh sorcery.

So that's where we're going tonight and when you see all this stuff this big laundry list of stuff a lot of people ask what the hell does all these things have in common. First thing we talked about at the beginning of the webinar vibrational state control and pattern recognition what do these have to do with the law of attraction and success health wealth and happiness ladies and gentlemen pretty much everything right. Pretty much everything. So that being said let's jump into content okay.

Are you in fact in the right. Place remember i said at the beginning of this webinar there are no. Accidents. So if this is true for you i just want you to affirm it for me all i want you to do is if you're ready to take if you're here to take the randomness out of your manifestation work to make it happen faster easier and more consistently type i'm here for that i want that in the chat if you're ready to remove blocks to your success get over limiting beliefs attract love health wealth success and more opportunities into your life without adding more to your everyday workload type that's for me in the chat and.

Finally if you're ready to take your life to the. Next level and become the very best version of yourself i invite you to stay with me for the entire time that we're on tonight because we're going to teach you how to change every aspect of your life with these universal tools right. If that's something you're interested in go ahead and type that's for me in the chat cool all right. Now you are going to want to stay on till the end of the webinar i know a lot of you can't and that's cool right.

Um. But if you can i promise you that we are going to show you the reasons why the law of attraction may not be working for you two of the most important factors for success the three ingredients to achieving anything you want in life the rules of the mind that nobody's talking about and they should the seven um what we're going to call body centered energy psychotherapy um programming your future and clearing your past right. So what can we do with the material that we're going to be talking about well. First and foremost how many of you would like to be more attractive to members of the opposite sex or even the same sex if that's true type that to me in the chat right.

I make them they find you charming and irresistible that's for me right. How about making more money from your job booking more clients for your business uh getting that razor promotion that you know you deserve and get keep keep getting passed over for if that's for you type it in if you'd like to banish fear from your life insecurity and radiate confidence and move through the life having people flock to you because you're very charismatic and people just want to be in your aura this is for you right. If you would like to program yourself to create massive financial abundance with more than enough money to buy the things you want and some you're in the right. Place okay.

Uh if you like to attract more people and really inspire and motivate your employees nail job interviews this is a good place the content in tonight's webinar has done all of that and more and many of the people who've actually done have had these experiences are still are right. Next to you in the chat. So if any of you have had these experiences that i'm talking about using our content type that happened to me in the chat okay. Okay.

Very good okay. So once again i'm going to teach you in this webinar how to ch the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind how to use the real laws of attraction because the law of attraction isn't one law this is the. First big epiphany besides that whole vibrational thing i started the webinar with the law of attraction isn't one law it's actually seven laws. So i can't see myself in the screen.

So seven laws right. See i'm mathematically challenged which is why i teach hypnosis all right. Uh we're gonna talk we're gonna show you how to change your vibration to match and attract whatever you want right. We're going to actually do this one of the.

First things we're going to do we're going to teach you how to remove those blocks to your success and get rid of negative emotions fear pain and limiting beliefs the ones you didn't even realize you might have had and. Finally we're going to give you the exact steps that you need to take to go from interesting information to maximum manifestation in minimum time okay. So let's talk about how many people here have been doing the law of attraction for any length of time just type in the chat for me okay. Good.

So. First question why doesn't the law of attraction does it always work does it always work ah why not let's talk about some reasons why the law of attraction might not actually be working for you right. Let me go ahead and share my screen really quick because i'm going to jump out of the powerpoint there we go all right. Let's go through this really quick.

So the law of attraction tells us. First and foremost that you will attract into your life the situation circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts. But once again they quotation marks air quotes didn't really tell you what your dominant thoughts actually are would you guys like to experience what your dominant thoughts actually are if you would type that into chat okay. So at the risk of you know you know spoiler alert i'm going to tell you right.

Now that your dominant thoughts are your subconscious thoughts feelings and beliefs. But how do we how do we how do we find out what those are how do we figure that out we're going to do an exercise together okay. So here's the. First exercise this is this is a technique in our world we call color breathing and it's also and we're also going to another we're going to talk about another technique which has different levels to it called information.

So here's here's something i want you to do right. Now i want you to think of something you really really want and i want you to speak it out loud in the form of an affirmation i don't you can type it in the chat if you want. But i don't really care about that right. Now i want to give you the experience of understanding conscious thought versus unconscious thought.

So here's what i want you to do i want you to think of something you really want something you might do an affirmation for and i want you to speak it out loud and when you've done that do it three or four times and. Then when you've done that type done in the chat well it might be you know to use a simple one like every day in every way i am becoming richer and richer and richer right. Or um i now weigh a slim trim 180 pounds or whatever okay. So here's my question how did you feel in your body when you spoke those words type in the chat what you felt and there's no.

Right. Or wrong answer here. So if you don't try to guess what i'm looking for. So some say ask them.

So awesome okay. Hopeful indifferent resistance okay. Lying to self very good. So for those of you you had a feeling change right.

Something changed in your body how many of you noticed that when you spoke the affirmation out loud there was a good feeling and in the background there was this little nagging icky feeling right. It wasn't real strong it was just kind of in the background and you were and most of you probably when you're doing the affirmation noticed it and tried to ignore it and focused on the positive feeling would that be accurate okay. Congratulations you just found your dominant thoughts the reason you have these background feelings isn't because they're little it's because they're deep they're in the unconscious mind right. So when you do an affirmation if you're doing it properly there will be a yes.

You have to be a good feeling. But if it's in conflict with your dominant belief systems your ship your blocks there will be a little background kind of a nagging sensation and that's the. First step that's what i want you to become aware of. First you see you can pump you know i've you've probably heard me say many times that most people move through the world with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back right.

Now it's natural for us we go to motivational speakers like tony robbins or um who's another one that people just get gets people pumped up you got you know the kind of people i'm talking about right. We go we get more fuel for the jet engine right. We push we put more we put more push into the engine. But if there's an anchor connected to it it creates more drag t-heart right.

And. So we get pumped up. But it runs out why does it run out it runs out because of the anchor the anchor is the you haven't cleared up it's the stuff that's running here's why i mean it's dominant thoughts because the feelings that you're having only percolate or penetrate your conscious awareness when you stimulate them externally in other words you think you you try to entertain a thought of feeling or an idea that that idea that that thought is in conflict with. But and this is important that nagging feeling that you become aware of in those moments is on an endless loop it's constantly running below the threshold of conscious awareness and that's the signal that it's sending out to the universe that make sense what i'm saying.

So far okay. So the question becomes what do we do about it well i'm glad you asked. First and foremost we need to become aware of it remember write this down tattoo it everywhere in your house anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control now you have two levels to awareness you have conscious awareness and other than conscious awareness right. You're going to hear me talk in this webinar about different divisions of your nervous system right.

How many of you are familiar with the autonomic nervous system yes. Okay. Now within the autonomic nervous system are other divisions you have the parasympathetic nervous system the sympathetic nervous system that's we all kind of know that. But you also have these divisions of your nervous system called the proprioceptive and interoceptive nervous system right.

And one of the problems that we have with interoception interoception is the kinesthetics of inside your body. So you all know that you're 70 water yes. Okay. So has anybody here ever tried to carry a bucket full of water across a room what happens to the water in the bucket it sloshes oh well let me ask you a question if you're 70 water and you're walking across the room or up the stairs why aren't you sloshing ever wonder yes.

I do the truth is ivan's right. You actually do the difference is your interoceptive nervous system which monitors all of that internal motion all those inner sensations filters it from your conscious awareness until it's provoked like what we just did with the affirmation all of those sensations we just talked about are always there they're always being they're always running it's filtered if you want to do the research on this go read how emotions are made by dr lisa feldman barrett and you can find the whole theory of constructive emotions and how it actually interact your interoceptive nervous system the part of you that monitors all your internal body feelings and keeps it below the threshold of conscious awareness controls your life sophia says i do not like emotions you will when we're done lisa feldman barrett okay. Are you guys with me. So far is this kind of making sense remember you're 70 water we all know from the studies by motu and all these that you can program water can't you you can program water to to to make it more healthy or make it less healthy right.

Well guess what you're doing constantly you're programming the water of your body your interoceptive nervous system is keeping that information outside of your conscious awareness until you find yourself in a situation that provokes it like when you're giving yourself an affirmation that goes against that negative programming that's always running. So we need to fix our ship before we put more fuel in the tank does that make sense to do that we're going to talk about something called vibrational state control vibrational state control is the ability to change your psycho-emotional state at will anytime anywhere under any circumstances now in our cpi courses our killer influence courses our identity by design courses we have whole days or half days devoted to nothing. But how to do this in three hours i got i can show you maybe one or two things. But it'll be enough if you want to research more on how your physiology and your posture controls your psycho-emotional states look.

Up amy cuddy's work on power pulses right. It's been around forever it's a ted talk you can do it all right. So your dominant thoughts they're the icky feelings that are in the background they're not back they're not background and they're not weak because they're they're not they're not in the background because they're weak or they're off in the distance they're in the background because they're deep inside your neurology does that make sense okay. So would you guys like to begin the process of maybe changing some of that would that be useful okay.

So here's what we want to do now here's our. First drill today a if you are driving operating heavy machinery or engaged in any activity that requires your full and undivided attention don't do this drill if you want to do the drill pull off to the side of the road find a parking lot put the car in park turn off the engine put the emergency brake on make sure you won't be you won't be disturbed if you can stand it's going to be even better for you right. And here's what i want you i want you to close your eyes. And i want you to have as much fun with this as humanly possible i want you to remember a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever i don't care i don't care what it was all right.

I'm not the pleasure police i don't care who you were with what you were doing what substances were involved whether you crossed any state lines i don't care all i care about is that when you close your eyes. And you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful ecstatic feeling that you get a feeling of absolute pleasure and i'd like you to notice i'd like you to become aware that there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow and where they spread from take a moment and point to where you feel it and i'm curious i'm wondering if there was a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing wonderful feelings what color or colors might that be for you. First impression now you don't need to type anything in the chat i don't need to know any of this i want you focused and absorbed in this process i want you to take a moment and imagine that beautiful colored energy of pleasure floating above your head i'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of pleasure begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill your entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you inoculating you from all less than pleasurable experiences real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you know you've got it you know it's locked in test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead and when you're done testing and you enjoy what you got type into the chat what you got oh sophia says i love this try to turn off and it made me giggle giggling with joy now it would this be it now remember what we said about higher vibrations controlling lower vibrations yes. Do you think this would be a better vibration to do your manifestation work from james says ecstasy perfect it only gets better it only gets stronger for as long as your heart continues to beat for as long as your lungs continue to breathe anytime you want to feel this pleasure or even stronger all you've got to do is assume that posture imagine that beautiful color above your head fill the room wrap it around you breathe it through you and boom your states will change enjoy it for a moment and when you're ready to move on just type ready in the chat now some of you may have had trouble with this and that's okay. Doesn't mean you're broken doesn't mean you're broken part three of this webinar we're going to show you how to fix that stuff okay.

I promise i'm not going to leave anybody here behind. But remember this is an experiential webinar the more of these things you do the more power of the of your own neurology you're going to tap into okay. So you think this might be a better energy to manifest with yes. Or no.

Yes. Or yes. As stuff as tee harv would say yes. Now here's an interesting paradox right.

How many of you have done affirmations in your life how many of you have done information before now i know half of you will tell me the truth with this. Next question the rest of you will lie and it's okay. How many of you usually don't start doing affirmations until you're in a bad mood you need to change it type in the what's the point of an affirmation to manifest something right. The point of an affirmation is not to change your state.

So if you're if you're in a shitty mood and you start doing these positive affirmations to the universe it's like having this beautiful pristine map to wherever you want to go and taking a big pile of poop and throwing it on there that's my provocative language by the way and that's why affirmations the way they're done traditionally takes. So long to work do you ever notice you've got to do those admission those affirmations for 10 15 20 minutes before you start to feel different significantly anybody ever notice that yes. Or yet yes. Or no.

It's okay. I know for everything i teach there's going to be some exceptions to the rule and that's okay. Virginia says they never work for me i'm going to teach you on part 3 of this webinar i'm going to teach you how to do affirmations the way your nervous system wants them to be done would that be would that be cool haven't had success with yeah perfect okay. Good.

Then that's part of what we'll work on in part three of tonight's webinar. So. First and foremost your dominant thoughts are analogous to the beliefs held in your subconscious mind that are running on an automatic pilot they only become noticeable when you provoke them when you provoke them it's usually when you're giving yourself an affirmation that's asking for something that that block is keeping you from getting does that make sense and that's why i wanted you to have this experience of good feeling icky feeling in the background now before you do any other manifesting work going forward the. First thing you do is do what you change your state what do we change it to pleasure works really well and now you have that tool.

So the moment you're when. First of all you have to set decide what you want. Then you have to get your state right. You have to get your state right.

So i gave you a very quick and easy way to do that now in our cpi and killer influence classes we go way down the rabbit hole we make you a jedi when it comes to any time anywhere under any circumstances right. Um. But are we cool. So far has this been useful type in the chat if this has been useful.

So perfect right. If you've got nothing from this webinar. But how to do this you're way ahead of the game okay. But we're not going to stop there now everything human beings desire is recorded inside your mind and body it's connected to your value system okay.

We have a process we teach in identity by design and hidden laws of attraction um and in killer influence in cpi called the emotional motivation or emotional bonding checklist if we're using this this process on ourselves we call it the emotional motivation checklist if we're using it with other people let's say you want to motivate or inspire people to become a client or to go out with you or to give you a job or a promotion you would use the emotional bonding version with another human being to get them emotionally connected and bonded to what you want for their own reasons and everybody wins right. When you're using this for yourself for manifestation practices we call it the emotional motivation checklist does that make sense i apologize if the video if the if the recording is freezing there's something that's something to do with the internet i don't have any real control over that all right. So for this. Next drill what i want you to do is i want you to use your mind again okay.

First of all breathe uh breathe a good healthy dose of your pleasure color through your body. So you're in the right. State and i want you to think about something for me when you registered for this webinar when you when you signed up for it you had in your mind something that you really really wanted that you needed tools for that you wanted a a process a program to follow to get what you want would that be true or not true it's true type it in the chat okay. I want you to stop for a moment close your eyes.

And imagine that you follow all of the instructions on this webinar you've taken every step you've done everything we've told you to do right. You've acquired whatever we've actually required in terms of experience product content whatever and you've applied them out in the real world and i want you to step into that future version of yourself i want you to see the world through those eyes. I want you to hear the world through those ears smell taste experience that person through the eyes. And the body of that that human being who's done all those things live vicariously a few days in that life notice what that's like okay.

Now here's what i want you to do. Next i'm going to ask you a question and i want you to speak the answer out loud what's don't write it down don't type it in the chat just speak it out loud what's important to you about this about getting this and again i don't i don't i don't need to hear it i just need you to do it okay. What's important to you about getting this and imagine that's true and you get that what will that do for you what will that allow you to experience and what's important about that and speak it out loud and. Then imagine that's true for you now you've done whatever it took.

To get it and you've got that what does ultimately what does that do. So you have what's important about what will that do for you what's important about that what will that do for you does that make sense. So you ask the same question three times. But i know that i want you to notice that your answers might change in fact you're probably feeling quite emotional if you're doing this properly true not true type that in the chat okay.

So here's what i want you to do i want you to remember your answers get out a piece of paper write those answers that you spoke verbally out loud no. One else is going to see them. But you i want you to take those three answers and i want you to write them on a piece of paper in front of you just and type done in the chat when you're done. So i know okay.

Okay. Perfect now take that piece of paper i should hold it up at about a 45 degree angle like. So right. Sorry my my virtual reality screen is not is not working with me right.

I want you to read those three lines out loud five times as loud as possible i want you to read them out loud five times when you type that in the chat and when you're done type that in the chat you're done okay. Now what happened when you did that when you spoke those things out loud what happened you got warm done okay. What what did you feel in your body you feel eternal very good smiles tears very good if you if you're if you're getting emotional you did it right. Here's why everything human beings do is recorded like a checklist in your nervous system and you move through the world sorting for looking to check boxes off your checklist the more boxes you check the happier you feel and that is the energy that drives people to achieve that's the energy that you can use to send out and prime your affirmations prime your behaviors to to fuel your manifestation techniques it's the most powerful energy you have it's the truest energy you have it's what allows you to become your best version of yourself now as you apply that to what we're about to talk about which is part two of our webinar you can get every single thing that you just expressed to the universe would that be cool yes.

Yes. All right. Now one more thing before we go how many of you noticed as you were you were stating things to the universe icky feelings coming up in the background anybody nope okay. Bad memories okay.

Good that's fine again there's no. Right. Or wrong answer a little bit of worry that's fine write those down why because in part three of the webinar we're going to show you how to get rid of them if you felt powerful perfect you were actually doing something that was fully in alignment with your internal environment if you had achy feelings in the background there's some stuff in the way that little nagging feeling that you experienced that's just your nervous system saying hey if you want this you got to clear this. First that's all it's saying you're not broken i know sometimes it feels that way.

But those little nagging feelings are like the check engine light on your dashboard right. When you're driving down the road the check engine light goes on you don't run to the garage or the auto repair shop to get the light fixed because the light means something doesn't it well we're going to show you through our technologies how to clear that ship how to get the light to reset itself right. But with your permission at the beginning of our webinar i showed you i told you that i would take you as far as i could in the time we have and i would point you in the direction of how to take how to level up how to take it to the. Next level we're at that point now are you guys willing and ready to see what i've prepared for you.

So you can in fact level up your life would that be a good a good. Next step perfect all right. So if you're ready to take things to the. Next level let me present to you without further ado with your permission the hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery magnetic mind control training home study course this is a course that i specifically put together during covid.

So that people could learn from home how to manifest anything that they wanted right. And it's amazing and i really really hope you'll enjoy it and gain tremendous benefits from following all the instructions in it. So what does this actually include for us. First and foremost the hidden laws of attractions the ultimate manifestation mastery home study course is all about helping you take your life to the.

Next level it's about making more money getting more deals getting more dates helping more people being the best version of yourself feeling more confident and powerful charming charismatic to take the randomness out of your life right. Because one of the most powerful things you can do is control your vibration and the moment you can control your vibration and you can control your mind you can reach out to the universe and the universe will bring things to you it will clear blocks from your life it will bring the right. Kinds of people into your life and. Then life will just keep getting better you will activate divine timing in a way that you just blow your mind right.

So this is offer is good until december 30th 2022 at 11 59 pm tonight and here's what it is the hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery home study course will teach you all about how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind to quickly manifest anything you desire and find and remove blocks to your health wealth success and happiness you didn't even know you had we've already started on that there's a whole system that we're pulling from that allows you to do this become ultra magnetic for money um that's oh my gosh i'm sorry that's a typo that's march by the way i'm sorry um become a ultra ultimately magnetic friend we're going to talk about beliefs of that hold people back for money influence people remotely this is actually part of our our vibrational influence course as well as our hidden laws of attraction course how to find and remove hidden negativity the stuff you didn't even know was there the stuff i taught you about today is just the beginning it's the tip of a very large iceberg and we'll sheets you will teach you systematically how to clear up those issues that just don't seem to go away if you've ever had a problem that was bothering you and he went to somebody and they fixed it and on the way home or a couple of days. Later it came back we're gonna show you how to make that stuff go away forever okay. There's a process called safety rules that are usually in place the subconscious mind installs to keep you from doing something that could potentially hurt you and it doesn't understand the difference. So we will teach it to do something different in that context i want to teach you a powerful new information method this is the way to give affirmations that absolutely um supercharge your subconscious mind we're gonna do one or two in part three of the webinar just.

So you can understand. But there's levels to this and once you understand this process your nervous system will will amplify any message and act on it that you give it okay. It'll allow you to attract things you want and change it will supercharge all of your affirmation and manifestation processes and it just gets stronger the longer you do it we're going to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people number one the very. First ones that we gave you was that playful easygoing let's see what happens attitude that's actually one of the core characteristics that all lucky people have there's four or five more right.

We'll teach you about those in hidden laws of attraction we're going to teach you the most powerful manifestation engine i have ever discovered as powerful as the information is image cycling is even more powerful i have manifested patently impossible stuff using this particular process many many many of my students have similar stories for those of you who've used image cycling to manifest something for yourself go ahead and type your experiences in the chat. So other people can read okay. If you've seen my latest youtube video funny law of attraction stories a good chunk of those were the result of an image cycling process okay. It really to me is one of the most powerful manifestation tools i've ever discovered and it actually forms the engine of a lot of other practices in various metaphysical and magical systems and there's.

So much more that we teach in this class okay. And you'll get a. First hand access to it it's a 1497 value. But of course as you can probably guess since this is a package to quote the ronco commercials there's more if you join if you grab your course now before march 30th 2022 at 11 59 pm yes.

I saw the typo thank you for letting me know you're also going to get these amazing bonuses as well. So. First and foremost we're going to throw in one of my most powerful energetic and vibrational influence courses that i've ever taught this is vibrational influence united kingdom this was a five-day vibrational influence class it has two full days of extra bonus content our usual vibrational influence class is a three day we talk for five during this particular course you will learn how to unlock the secret powers of your subconscious mind to gain control of your mind and body in ways you never thought possible how to unlock your unlimited potential harness the forces of the universe to do your bidding and actually generate phenomena. So we'll talk about a system known as kujin or kuji uh kiri which is a mudra system and how to energize that using the image cycling technology.

So that you can manifest more strength more emotional resilience more power manifest things faster uh control and harmonize your energy and the energies of other people in a row again if you've ever seen the that weird ninja hand signals right. There's a whole metaphysical system behind that and during vibrational influence uk we give you the. First five. So you can actually start developing these abilities in yourself we teach you how to get harmony with the elements how to actually change you can actually make yourself heavier and lighter generate heat uh generate lightness um how to use sound to influence the energy systems of the human body you'll see that actually demonstrated how to breathe fear and resistance and pain and all these other energies out of your body completely we can use this to remotely influence people how to heal yourself and others clear your chakras and master your own energy field manifest anything you want increase your psychic skills and much much much more okay.

Everybody who's seen this class who's at this class has been in love with it i can't tell you too much bro there's actually if i remember correctly there's actually a two or three hour block in there i have a guest presenter her name is diana she's one of the top dowsers in in the united kingdom she actually taught during this class on how to use dowsing to find things and and discover things about yourself great class uh it's a 1 597 we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you're one of the. Next few people to grab uh this hidden laws of attraction mind control mastery home study course okay. It's uh total value. So far is three thousand ninety four dollars if you were to buy these individually on the website.

But of course as you can probably expect there's more we're also going to throw in one of our flagship courses this is actually one of our newest courses this is vibrational healing and this was a three-day deep dive into the art and science of energy healing uh from a hermetics perspective in other words we look. At energy healing disciplines we look. At we see reiki and we see chronic healing and we see qigong healing or chinese medical healing qigong therapies dna theta healing all of these models of energy healing have strengths and weaknesses in this deep dive into the art and science of energy healing we explain all the different aspects of these approaches to energy healing how they're good for certain things where they're weak in other areas and how to integrate them into a unified system of energy healing that you can apply anytime anywhere under any circumstance both in person as well as remotely. So you'll learn how to unlock the powers of your subconscious mind once again to remove the energetic blocks to health wealth and happiness that you didn't even know that you had how to become a master of energy healing and just keep building on those foundations how to heal people remotely and we actually hook.

You up to uh machines like blood pressure machines thermometers things like that. So you can actually measure the changes that you're you were inducing in people okay. I think during this class we actually had somebody raising and lowering people's uh body temperatures and blood pressure in like 20 seconds of training it was really fun i think seth actually did that out in the hallway we're going to teach you some powerful new energy control methods for programming your mind and how to use energy your energy bodies to empower your healing and manifestation skills for maximum results in minimum time we're going to teach you once again how to remove and sanitize the negativity from your past and from all the different levels of your energy body in an integrated way we're going to discover um secrets of psychic and vibrational self-defense how to protect yourself from people who try to throw whammies at you whether consciously and or unconsciously or deliberately and there's levels to this okay. And of course we're going to talk focus more again on the most powerful personal transformation engine manifestation image cycling that we know of and much much more.

So once again this was brand new for 2021 we have we only offer this once in a great while 1997 value we're going to give it to absolutely free total combined value is 5091 okay. If you were to buy these things individually on the website. But there's still more today we're going to also throw in one of our most important courses on vibrational alchemy this is called secrets of personality transformation this is a course that we originally taught as a way of doing personal alchemy or self-hypnosis work it's about how to remove the in the blocks to your success how to reprogram your subconscious mind at will how to remove blocks and limiting beliefs find and remove the hidden negativity you didn't even know you had clear issues that just don't seem to go away um i can't leave my own writing here uh resolve negativity from your past and install the traits qualities and characteristics of people you want to be more like. So this is a seven stage identity by design silo that we developed for personal transformation work it utilizes an integrative neuro-linguistic hypnotic energy psychology format that allows you to tap into the true power of your nervous system and redesign your own sense of personality and identity within seven and a half minutes it takes three days to train you once you've been through the the whole three day process you can do the entire system from start to finish in seven and a half minutes and you can make any change practically any change that you want it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because once again when we start looking at manifestation there's two types of thoughts there's thoughts you know about and there's thoughts you don't and many of the thoughts that you don't know about are your belief systems we're going to show you and now those belief systems actually create your identity we're going to show you how to customize and redesign your sense of identity.

So that you can become the kind of person that you want to be instead of the person that school family culture uh and other forms of indoctrination have conspired to make you this is your e-ticket out of psychological slavery and bondage and into one of personal empowerment i highly highly recommend for no. Other reason that you get this course when you register before the end of the webinar total combined value is 7 588 if you were to buy things individually. But you can get it all for one low cost one little investment now we're also going to include one of the our newest courses this course we taught it live twice and these this is a recording of our most successful uh virtual class this is the hidden laws of attraction soulmate secrets invitation only master class this is a class that dives deeply in utilizing all of the different systems we talk about in personality transformation and hidden laws of attraction it's going to teach you in a very systematic way um the differences between the way chemistry affects your neurology. So that you can figure out who's right.

And who's not right. I mean let me just get my notes a little bit stronger here. So i can see things a little bit better we're going to teach you how to overcome the soulmate myth we're going to talk about how different cultures talk about the soulmate system and how it works and how it doesn't work right. We'll talk about soul families we'll talk about twin flames and all those other things we're going to teach you how to eliminate negative relationship programming from your childhood how to prepare yourself to communicate more effectively with your partners techniques to move you from infatuation to love how to accept change how to determine what you need in a relationship how to identify obstacles to your intimacy and.

Then conquer them we're going to teach you how to discover uh why you're attracted to certain types of people even the one thing how many of you have ever like dated the same person with a different face if that's if that's you. Then this is the class you want to be in you'll discover the qualities you most want in your life partner qualities you didn't even know you wanted until you were put through this process you learned the basics of communication patterns and ways to demonstrate your love and have teach your partner how to demonstrate their love in such a way that you actually feel heard understood connected with you'll discover the difference between sex and sexuality sensuality and the role each plays in your relationship and you'll discover that you'll learn how to identify potential relationship challenges and how to handle them right. You'll be amazed how the chemistry of your body can actually contribute to the infatuation that you feel how to overcome the many myths and misconceptions around soul mates and. So much more this was this is a class that has probably 25 or 30 different modules to it and integrated into those modules or all the exercises that allow you to discover who you really are and who you really want and need in a partner and ways to actually go about attracting them it's really powerful i'm hoping maybe 2024 or the end of 2023 to do a live version of this class.

But there's just no. Time uh in our 2022 calendar to do this class live again. So we are giving you the. Next best thing we are giving you all of the actual videos and all of the handouts and every single drill and url that we ran these people through uh as part of this amazing new bonus package it's a 1 950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you're one of the.

Next few people to register before the end of the webinar okay. Total value now if you were to add it all up is 9 538. So let's just review really quick what the hidden law of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery home study course is really about the hidden laws of attraction 2020 live training you'll see me doing this stuff live in las vegas it's a 1497 value we're going to include your. First bonus is the vibrational influence united kingdom special edition right.

With two days of bonus content it's a 1 597 value we're going to throw in vibrational healing 2021 for those of you who have a therapy practice a coaching practice and want to become better at energy healing this is the class you really want to pay attention to if you're interested in all that other cool jedi stuff like ninja stuff focus on the vibrational influence uk course it's a 1997 value we're also going to throw in secrets of personality transformation which is going to give you all the clearing drills and personality modification techniques that you need and want to clear that crap out of your life and become a powerful unstoppable manifestation engine it's a 2 497 value and. Finally the super bonus the hidden laws of attraction soulmate secrets master class it's a 1950 value we're going to throw it in absolutely free total combined value is 9 hundred and thirty eight dollars right. But of course it's a webinar it's there's a lot going on in the world i want everybody to be able to utilize this to the best of their ability. So for today only you're gonna want to give you the best deal humanly possible you aren't you're not going to have to pay 9538 nope you're not even going to have to pay 7 347 we're going to take another 2 grand off we're going to we're going to drop it down to 5 forty 547 dollars it's a bonus a bargain at this.

But we're not even going to charge you that much three thousand three forty seven uh one thousand three forty seven not even that for those of you who want the biggest law of attraction bang for your buck all you got we're going to all you can get it all for one low investment of just 9.97 or if you need to you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 and all you got to do is go to davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hidden laws of attraction hloa that's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa for those of you in our youtube channel who are asking me about this let me go ahead and put that link in there for you just go to this link right. Here in the youtube chat www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash h l o a you know one of the things that people that often holds people back is this idea that they don't deserve it and one of the things that happens many times is that this this idea that we don't deserve to have the things we want manifest as it takes too long costs too much money and when you hear those things in your head what's really happening is your unconscious mind is saying you don't deserve it well if you want something different you got to do something different you got to take action and i believe very very much from the bottom of my heart that the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced and i want to reward you for standing up for taking charge of your life for doing something different and. So for those of you who are truly ready to make a change who want to get started who want my help to do it i want to give you a 60-day guarantee i want you to go ahead and grab this course for yourself if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money finding the love that you want attracting more success manifesting the life of your dreams if you're not rapidly taking the randomness out of your life and bringing the results into it that you truly want if you're not satisfied after 60 days i'll refund every dime you have absolutely nothing to risk here if you're not satisfied we don't want your money. But if you know you need to change if you are ready for it you risk absolutely nothing by taking the.

Next step and as a special reward for the. Next 27 people who grab this offer i'm going to include these special fast action bonuses. But you have to grab them before december 3rd oh my god i'm sorry march 30th 2022 march 30th 2022. i don't know how this typo got in here i corrected this like four times fast action bonuses. First and foremost one of the most important things that you can get in planet david is hands-on training if people when people come to me and they say david i looked at your your your courses on your website and i noticed that the the price points between your live events and your video events are very very similar and i'm kind of torn should i come to the live event or should i just do the video training and without batting an eye without hesitation the.

First thing i do is i look. At them and i say get your ass to the live events and they go really i go yes. And here's why at the live events i can observe you i can interact with you i can customize drills to help you through your sticking points i can help i can make extra drills you work with people in real time in real life and produce real results right. Can't do that on a video because for everything you get from me you're always going to pay twice the.

First one is the the tuition that's any you can always make more money the. Second one is the pr is what takes you from access to ownership and that's time energy and effort to actually do the drills and get the skills nothing prepares you for that like a live event like hands-on training in the real world. So what we did because a lot of people can't travel because a lot of people are you know limited we decided to give you the. Next best thing and that's the nlp power mastermind mentoring program.

So let me explain to you what this is on the. Third saturday of every month since 2010 we have gotten together either in person or virtually and i literally go around the room and i say seth what do you want to learn jeff what do you want to learn josh what do you want to learn jason what do you want to learn stephanie what do you want to learn you're going to tell me what you want to learn i'm going to write those things on the board i'm going to look. At everything that's written i'm going to create a lesson plan for you as a group on the spot and we're going to drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep doesn't matter if you're in person or virtually you can practice you can roll up your sleeves you can do the drills to get the skills in real time we meet on the. Third saturday of every month for four hours actually longer than four hours because people just skip once they just work right.

Through it right. Some people are saying where's the link where's the link. Anyway i'll let those guys handle it. But here's the thing we've been running this program that you won't get a certificate from the nlp power mastermind mentoring program what you will get is a skill set you'll get to hang out with cool people just like you who like to do cool stuff and you'll get to learn and practice and make that final payment the one that takes you from access to ownership and once you own it you have a power an ability a skill set that will always serve you whenever you choose to use it that can never be taken away and you'll be making some cool friends anybody in the mastermind who's had some experiences go ahead and share your experiences.

But that's not the best part as cool as that is right. We've been doing this class every month since october of 2010. we have videotaped and recorded each and every one of those training sessions since 2010 and we've archived them on the nlp power website our private facebook. Page and on our youtube channel as a trial member you get three month trial membership to the nlp power program and unlimited access for that full 90 days to the entire 11 years of archived video you can binge watch it to your heart's content content that's never ever been seen on youtube in most cases and it's and it covers everything it covers everything law of attraction regression therapy hypnotherapy marketing attraction dating uh energy healing right. If it involves the mind and the body we've probably taught something on it over the course of 11 years you can binge watch that content to your heart's content on the.

Third saturday of every month you get to come in virtually or in person because we're going to start doing in-person sessions again if you're in the san diego area and we're going to do the exact same thing what do you want to learn today i'm going to write it on the screen i'm going to create a lesson plan on the spot and just with the rest of the group you're going to drill those skills until you can do it in your sleep you're going to go back out into the world you're going to apply those skills if you like if you like working out with people making cool friends who like to do cool stuff um grab this if after 90 days you decide that it's the coolest thing since sliced bread let us know and we'll show you how to extend your membership if you don't well you had a good time right. That's it's a fif what's a 1 500 and uh value we're going to give it to you absolutely free for taking a shot on you for taking a chance on these materials if you liked half of the things any of the things that we've shown you. So far you're going to love the nlpr mastermind mentoring program it will take you to the. Next level don't take my word for it listen to the people in your chats okay.

Um hold on a. Second i think i just screwed something up there i just lost my chat from my youtube station. Anyway. But there's more let's keep going we're also going to give you.

So total combined value is 11 135. But we're not stopping there for those of you who are ready to take action to take your life to the. Next level we're also going to throw one of our our most popular courses this is the attraction mastery dating mating and relating skills for men and women this is a class that literally walks you through the process of transforming your inner mind and reality to becoming more attractive mentally physically and emotionally the the that overcomes limiting beliefs teaches you how to approach teaches you the big factors that hold that hold men back teaches the biggest factors that hold women back from finding the relationships that they truly want it's based on our killer influence technology which as you've seen was the number one training program uh in the world four years running really three years running two years 20 20 21 20 20. my math sucks this is why i'm a hypnotist right. Um and it's a coed class you will actually see people practicing together and learning these skills and and how to actually maximize their dating and relationship success in minimum time it's a really cool class we've been getting people have been screaming we taught it once two years ago um people been screaming for it ever since we're gonna give you a copy of this absolutely free this and we included this particular course because when we offered the soulmate secrets course one of the things we discovered was that people wanted to find their soulmate.

But they didn't have the practical skills necessary to hook. Them male or female and. So we decided to teach this class or add this class to the program. So you have that yin and yang balance you have the ability to know what you want how to sort for it where to look.

For it. But also the the requisite physical skills that you need to actually get the person you want interested in you back right. So this is this actually balances out our soulmate secrets course this is why we're including it as a fast action course um hold on a. Second i need to go back to my youtube channel i accidentally closed a link on them and uh.

Anyway um oh okay. That was actually useful um let me find this i just gotta just give me one minute guys i'm sorry i don't want my youtubers to get left out okay. Once again my apologies fast action bonus number two is a 1997 value it's the attraction mastery dating mating and relating skills for men and women i only teach attraction skills in a co-ed in a co-ed format i will not do uh classes that are just for men or just for women i want men and women in the same room. So they can understand how what they're doing and how they're behaving is being perceived by the opposite gender.

So that they can make better choices. So they can understand. So men and women can understand each other better now when i say men and women i don't care what your gender preference or gender choice is in any given relationship there will be someone who takes on a more masculine aspect there'll be someone who takes on a more feminine aspect it doesn't matter what your gender preference is you need to understand both sides the yin and yang of relationships and that's what this course is about okay. Total combined value if you look.

At every single thing we've talked about today total combined value is thirteen thousand one hundred and thirty two dollars okay. But we're not going to stop there for those of you. Next 27 people who dread who grabbed this course today i haven't offered one of these particular tickets in a long time this is a vip super ticket now what we've been doing for the past few months when we've been doing our webinars we've been offering a super ticket to a specific event this super ticket will get you into any single uh five day event or less as long as you have the prereqs for it. So this with this vip super ticket if you want to come to identity by design you show us this ticket we'll you get we walk right.

To the front of the room you want to come to vibrational influence three day class come show us the ticket you get to come in even if the class is sold out we'll find a seat for you right. You want to come to hypnotherapy you want to come to killer influence you want any class that's five days or less provided you have the prerequisites for it you can use this vip ticket to attend now let me just elaborate a little bit about why this freaking ticket is. So super cool. First and foremost it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value that's full price of any of our current classes except for our seven-day class nlp trainings or or the seven-day vibrational influence class that we're doing in costa rica which is sold out which is why we're not talking about it the way this vip ticket works is all you have to do is be in our database as owning this super ticket it does not expire.

So if you get this ticket today and it takes you three years to come to an event you get it in 2022 you can't get to a live event until 2025 this vip ticket is still good i've had people who've gotten these tickets at hypno. Thoughts live or or something like that they call me up four years. Later they say hey man i got this ticket at the hypnosis convention uh i want to come to one of your classes i. Finally have some time can i come i said come on in even if the class is sold out we'll find a seat for you let's say something happens at the.

Last minute right. You're getting ready to come to a training and all of a sudden another round of covered restrictions come along or your governor declares martial law or your boss decides to make you work or you're sick or something like that all you got to do is pick up the phone or send an email to stephanie and we will move you to another training you have you own this ticket until you actually use it if you want you can gift it to another person if you know somebody who you think would really benefit from this ticket we've had people buy three and four webinar packages. So they can give the vip tickets to their friends right. That's cool too it's transferable that way okay.

There are some restrictions a if there's a class you want to come to you've got to make sure you've satisfied any prereqs not all of our classes have pre-reqs. But some do and we encourage you to satisfy those prereqs in person before using your vip ticket to come to a higher level class also any class that's more than seven days or that i'm co-teaching with another trainer uh certain restrictions do apply stephanie can fill you in on those. But anything else is fair game let's say at the. Last minute there's a training you you wanted to come to.

But your schedule wouldn't be you wouldn't fill up and all of a sudden um your your schedule frees up and you can come with us. But the class is full if you present this vip ticket to us we will actually find a seat for you we're actually doing that right. Now for a couple of our students who want to come to costa rica um there were special considerations that we did that for. But not many um.

But again stephanie can actually help you with that. So the price points by and large no. Longer matter uh travel is starting to open up again and. So we'll be doing we have every intention of doing trainings in australia doing trainings in uk doing trainings in europe and when we go to a training in the uk or cyprus we always do our trainings in the in the currency of that particular region.

So if we go into a training in peterborough united kingdom uh the tuition for the seminar is going to be in pound sterling if we go and do an identity by design in cyprus or amsterdam the the tuition is going to be paid in euros right. And you know there's quite a significant difference in the exchange rate between the u.s dollar and euros and pound sterling if you have one of these vip tickets it doesn't matter you get to walk right. To the front of the room and participate in the class okay. You have it until you use it it does not expire if something happens at the.

Last minute we move you to another training if you want to come at the. Last minute we'll find a seat for you uh it's really it's really really cool and you don't even need to know what class you want to come to right. Now i encourage you to do either identity by design or killer influence. But as long as it's five days or less and there's no.

Prerequisite that you need to satisfy for it whatever you want you use that ticket we'll find a place for you okay. Total value for this ticket is 2 250 value now these fast action bonuses i have to warn you um the entire the the. First set of packages that i ordered the hidden laws of attraction vibrational influence uk vibrational healings hidden laws of attraction. So many secrets those that package is available until 11 59 p.m tonight march 30th okay.

I know the powerpoint said december i don't know how that happened because i know i've changed those those months at least twice. So i'm not sure what's going on. But. Anyway it's march 30th 11 59 pm tonight the fast action bonuses the ones i just finished talking about the new the nlp power three month mastermind trial membership and archive the um the vip super ticket and of course the attraction mastery four-day training those all go away when i log off tonight's webinar right.

Still a great deal. But like i said before i really believe i really believe this that the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced and. So i want to reward you for standing up and taking charge of your life i want you to get the best deal humanly possible and have every opportunity to take your life to the. Next level okay.

Total combined value for to try to you can't get the vip ticket on the website by the way total combined value for everything in tonight's training is fifteen thousand three hundred and eighty two dollars and all you got to do to get yours right. Once again here's what we got hidden laws of attraction 2020 1 497 value vibrational influence uk 1 597 value um vibrational healing 2021 1 997 value we're going to give these to you free secrets of personal transformation 2 497 value we're going to give it to you free hidden laws of attraction soulmate secrets master class this was a by invitation only class by the way uh 1 950 value we're gonna give it to you free the attraction mastery four day skills intensive um one thousand four one 400 1997 value we're going to give it to you free the power mastermind mentoring group trial 1 597 we're going to give it to you free and. Then. Finally the vip super ticket your choice of any single live event of five days or less on our 2023 2024 calendar 2022 calendar whatever calendar it is you can use this for classes we haven't even scheduled yet it's a 2250 value we're going to include this as part of your package absolutely tree total value is 15 382 all you got to do to get here is just one low installment of just 997 or if you need help we can break that up into three easy payments of just 397 each and all you got to do to get here is go to www.davidsnyder nlp forward slash h l o a that's david snyder nlp.com forward slash h-l-o-a i'll put these in the chat once more i know that some people are putting a different link in there i'm not sure what happened.

But use whatever link works all right. So that being said here's what's going to happen. Next i'm going to give us about a six or seven minute break david went to the link no. Option for payments do you need to get a whole step yes.

Reach out to stephanie right. Now let her know what's going on make sure you leave your your contact information on her voicemail right. Here's the deal it's okay. To call stephanie it's 858 282 4663 when you call make sure that you leave your contact information if you call and you leave your contact information you will get credit towards the fast action bonuses if you do not leave your contact information and she has to track you down and or you call back tomorrow you will not qualify for the fast action bonuses you won't get the vip super ticket you won't get the attraction mastery home study course you will not get the nlp power trial membership okay.

Leave your contact information she's you she turns things around in less than 24 hours most of the time all you need to do is go to www.no. Davidsnidernlp.com forward slash hloa what we're going to do now while you're getting that taken care of we're going to give you a seven minute break we're going to come back actually we'll give you this we'll give you an eight minute break we'll come back at 5 45 and when we do we're going to pick up where we left off we're going to pick up with how to work with this emotional bonding checklist we're going to work on how to clearing the blocks to success we're going to do a little bit more with state control and we're going to start to customize the content of tonight's webinar to focus on what you want to focus on most specifically okay. So like i said we'll be back at 5 45. we will see you. Then hey welcome back hey uh my apologies for the weirdness i guess we're human after all the universe is trying to keep me humble.

So for those of you who have any questions about the numbers on the on the checkout page the numbers that we showed on the webinar here are the ones that you will be credited for okay. Uh let's see here all right. It's time to get back to training. So here's what i'd like you to do right.

Now hey hoist is it hoist or royce i forget what i forget if if if uh if it's the brazilian r or the uh perfect points like rolls okay. Rolls okay. Perfect rice welcome aboard all right. So we're part three of the webinar now this is your webinar okay.

Uh while our people fix the pages and get you guys again make sure if you want this package make sure you reach out to stephanie directly um and she will make sure that sophie is from venezuela welcome perfect all right. This is part three this is where we start to take the foundations that we covered in part one and we start applying them to the specific areas that you want to work on. So if you would be. So kind type in a chat what you want to focus on today for this part of the weather.

So moving blocks for love and success okay. Law of attraction well this whole webinar is on law of attraction robin state control okay. Attracting money and investments okay. Come on i know there's more people in here than that yeah state control okay.

You guys want to do a little bit more state control all right. I like everything you have well thank you robin robin you've been one of our biggest supporters for the longest time susan says self-confidence okay. Diana says i want to focus on how to feel safe i let myself go due to trauma of being attractive okay. Okay.

Sanders says yes. Feeling the report connection with magnetics okay. Cash flow keep focused i agree write it seth you said that before regards to sell them okay. Remove blocks all right.

Let's drill down. So. First and foremost i want to talk to you about certain prerequisites now one of the things that we ran you through at the beginning of the webinar was this concept of vibration right. And one of the things i said that all of these different disciplines and all these different cultural mystical practices and you know the self-help movement and all of these things where do they all meet where does the human belief systems and and and language and all the things all the all the moving parts that form true or true reality where do they all meet they meet at your autonomic nervous system.

So the. First thing i want you to understand is if we want to remove blocks to our success and i don't care if they're blocks for money love self-confidence i don't care what they are regardless of what your issue is or your attributes are your nervous system has built them all the same way now what do i mean by that let me show you okay. What i'm about to show you is something we we focus on specifically in secrets of personality transformation as well as hidden laws of attraction and this is known as the proprioceptive grid okay. We talk a lot about this in our face reading classes and i want you to understand this really really well human beings do not live in reality we live in a very well crafted very well constructed metaphor of reality and that reality is created and projected from inside of you through the lens of your autonomic nervous system.

So when we look. At what we call what we call primary experience okay. So uh we'll just use a circle p for this what is a primary experience okay. I'm driving down the road minding my own business happy as a clam all of a sudden boom car t-bones me that's a primary experience right.

Well here's the thing we need to understand that primary experience getting t-boned by the car and again i'm using that as a metaphor it could be anything it could be meeting a pretty girl it could be spilling your coffee at work whatever that primary experience happens and. Then it's done you understand that it happens and. Then it's done it's gone it's over it can't come back right. That's a primary experience.

But what happens is the moment you have that primary experience your neurology just something very interesting it req it takes a recording it makes a recording of that primary experience and recreates it inside your neurology inside your nervous system and that's the part that doesn't go away that's the part that keeps you up for years because you're you're you've been treating it your neurology's been treating it like the recording it made of that moment that happened 10 15 20 years ago is the real thing you following me. So far type yes. In the chat if you're following this is going to get deep i'm going to i apologize in advance. But it's going to get deep okay.

Now here's what's interesting how many of you have ever had a fantasy daydream great idea a belief positive or negative wanna know something interesting those beliefs those fantasies those ideas those beliefs positive or negative are built exactly the same way the trauma was they're built from the same stuff how does that work let me show you. First thing that happens is you have a primary experience it passes through the filter the prism of your nervous system um how many let me go back to this really quick how many of you ever heard me talk about the what i call holographic memory theory how many of you are familiar with that anybody okay. The human nervous system and i'm not just talking about the organic part of it i'm talking about the vibrational aspects of it as well act like a prism more than anything else when we talk about vibration we're always talking about higher vibrations lower vibrations what the hell does that actually mean we're talking about density we're talking about the frequency at which something is moving slower frequencies are denser than higher frequencies prism p-r-i-s-m right. So when information comes into us vibrational data passes through the prism of our nervous system and it gets refracted you follow me it's refracted through these different days how many have ever seen a stream of sunlight passing through an aquarium or a creek bed anybody when you see this the water line is here right.

That sunlight comes comes in here. But when you look. Underneath the water line it's over here how did that happen density causes light to change and bend this is how face reading works by the way this is why if you how many of you are familiar with face recording i call face reading chinese psychotherapy because you can use facial eating to literally diagnose a person's entire mental physical and emotional health and the moment you start unpacking a trauma line and you successfully resolve it the line goes away the facial features change and they change instantly how can that be possible it's because you're based you're made out of light and the moment your emotional density changes the angle of refraction of that vibrational light that you're that makes up your whole being changes too and. So you appear differently how many people ever heard the metaphysical the metaphysical sentence or the metaphysical concept that all centers are connected anybody hear that some of you may not be familiar with that okay.

Well you have these things called shockers right. And each of these is supposed to be a center. But if all centers are connected why are they at different spots different refractory levels as the energy from that one universal center source passes through different vibrational frequencies express themselves at different spatial locations through the prism of the human nervous system what the hell does that have to do with anything everything they're always connected the question is some are more active or less active than others when your brain takes that primary experience the t-bone of the car it creates a recording of it that recording is broken into five primary channels like just like when white light white light passes through a prism it breaks up into five bands right. Red orange violet green yellow right.

When vibrational data passes through your nervous system it's refracted in the process of being being encoded into five channels visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory distinctions that's what this little diagram shows us here right. You go from a primary experience through the prism of the subconscious autonomic nervous system into five channels now what happens is once those channels are established all this data is reconstructed and put back together to create a memory or a belief or a trauma what does that actually look. Like well conceptually it looks like this this is what we call in planet david a holographic memory unit or holographic memory container it has a vibrational substance it has five primary channels of information and. Then and.

Then within each of those channels are smaller distinctions that all comes together to create the story that you remember now using the power the techniques and hidden laws of attraction identity and the identity by design silo the secrets of personality transformation protocol we can change anything here why because it doesn't matter if what we're dealing if this thing is a trauma a limiting belief of value fantasy pardon my typing a daydream does not matter what it is every single one of those is built this way because it's built this way we can change all of it we literally can change all of it okay. So going back to our um proprioceptive grid. So what happens is once this information is reconstituted it's it's distributed throughout your body like a cloud server distributes data of information how many of you are familiar how many of you are familiar with cloud servers and how they work type it in the chat it's it's okay. If you're not i'll give you the my layman's version of it.

But the way a cloud server works is you take a file right. And you upload it to a server and the. First thing that happens is that server breaks up your file into billions and billions and billions of little pieces bits for lack of a better word and it spreads it out all over the internet to various other servers when the time comes for you to download that information a call goes out to all of those servers and that information is pulled back and recreated on the spot and downloaded to your device well we had that. First how many of you have ever gone to like a hypnotherapist or an emdr person or um even a regression therapist right.

And you you clear out this big chunk of stuff and. Then you're going minding your own business a few days. Later and you run across a similar situation that was related to what you cleared and you got a little bit of a twinge like it wasn't nearly as strong as what you know the stuff you had before. But there was still a little bit of it there anybody ever have that experience go ahead and type in the chat if you did it's okay.

I'm going to tell you why you see when that information is disseminated throughout your body like a cloud server each of those fragments is a holographic fractal hmu just like that little again that's my conceptualization of it. But think of billions of them spread throughout the body and each one has the whole. But just like when you if you look. At a hologram in modern day as you get smaller and smaller you break it up into more and more bits the the clarity of it gets gets less and less that's why it gets more more diffused right.

I don't want to get into all that. But we are very much you know we created most of the stuff internally before we created it externally hold on a. Second here's some weird okay. Anyway.

So here's the thing each and every time the call goes out and you reconstruct that memory it changes for those of you studying any kind of forensics or any kind of social psychology or forensic psychology one of the things they tell you is that memories are not remembered they're reconstructed and every time you reconstruct them they might they're changed. So the stuff you're walking around with isn't even accurate in terms of what actually happened to you right. Now how does this all relate to everything i talked about before where does false memory come from false memory happens as a byproduct of suggestions delivered by the interrogator or the interviewer that's that's more or less what happens um and again there's ways to flag for that. So um there's some kind of weird conversation going on in the chat that has nothing to do with what we're talking about.

But my point is is that human beings move through the world treating these recorded files as if they're the thing that actually happened to them. So one of the big delusions that human beings labor under is that their memories are real that their memories are in fact the thing they're describing and they're not and every time you access that memory it changes. So the that's been traumatizing you for 10 15 20 years may not even be accurately what happened. So human beings have two big delusions the.

First one is that their memories are real the that happened to you the that that that traumatized you is gone the only thing left is the recording you made of it and you've been people. So you're not the way you are based on what happened to you you're the way you are because of the way you encoded and recorded what happened to you and the way you've been relating to those recordings and you have absolute control over everything does traumas yes. Trauma trauma containers store in the body and each of those containers is like a little pocket dimension remember i said your dominant thoughts are on an endless loop right. Well each of those little hmu units that i showed you is like a file running on an endless loop the more of them you clear out the more rapidly your system becomes healthier the frequency you send out to the universe clarifies and solidifies and strengthens.

So those little nagging feelings when you were doing your informations and stuff like that those are those little trauma bubbles being stimulated. So you could find them you see the only way to find these things many times is to provoke them how do you provoke them by focusing on the things you want and this is this is again uh something for those of you who are act avid law of product of attraction practitioners this is something i really want you to get human beings move through the world with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strap to their back okay. The problem is is that while some people focus on just putting more juice in the engine which inevitably creates more drag another segment of the population focuses almost exclusively on clearing the and. So what happens is they spend.

So much time finding stuff to fix they never move forward their their fix literally becomes a distraction for moving forward in life. So here's the methodology i would like you to functionally apply as you get the tools to clear continue to move forward continue to take action continue to endeavor to level up until you find something that gets in your way when you find something that gets in your way specifically nuke it get rid of it get back to moving forward until something else gets in your way because human beings have literally tens of thousands of years of emotional memory locked in their genome. So if you go looking for you're going to find it the question becomes is that really holding you back or is it just stuff you need to get around to at some point. So functionally what you need to do is keep moving forward until something gets in your way when it gets in your way engage in the clearing process fix it continue to move forward does that make sense type it in the chat okay.

I need you to really understand this because i'm going to tell you what's going to happen i'm going to teach you some of the most powerful clearing things you can do on your own and you're going to spend all your time clearing and start to believe that you can't move forward until everything's fixed well it doesn't work that way it doesn't work that way okay. So again clear your stuff and again great way to figure this out is focus on what you want notice what gets in the way nuke that stuff amplify what you want more and take action on it are we clear okay. So here's what we're going to do when we start dialoguing with our unconscious mind what happens in that whole cloud server analogy part of that information stays inside of us it stays in our interoceptive nervous system it's disseminated through our fashion and emerges as a body feeling whenever we whenever it's provoked. But part of it is also projected out into the energy fields around us.

So part of the things that we have to do. First is we have to connect our interoceptive nervous system with our proprioceptive nervous system our exteroceptive nervous system. So one of the things we hear is talk about is if you can point to where you feel it reach out and touch it you can change it okay. So.

First thing i want you to do is i want you to think of something that on um let's do this. First you guys want to feel good again can we bring you want to play with pleasure a little bit okay. I want you to close your eyes. Remember that amazing pleasure that you had in part one go back to that moment and allow it to get even stronger i want you to close your eyes.

I want you to notice there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm curious i'm wondering what color colors that might be for you. But again i don't want you to type it i just want you to know what it is i want you to imagine a big ball of that energy floating above your head i'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all less than pleasurable experiences real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in my friends. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you know you've got it test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead now for those who got something different hang on to that write it down put it off to the side i'll show you how to deal with that in a moment now as you focus on those feelings and you feel it in your body if there were a picture that represented these amazing feelings floating somewhere in the space around you a picture you could reach out and touch take your your non-dominant hand reach out and touch that picture. First go with your. First impressions now trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is when you know how big it is grab a hold of it and just like you would expand the windows on your touch screen or your iphone at home make that picture as big as the room and notice what happens to the feelings inside your body do they get stronger or do they get weaker doesn't matter which one you do you just got to know which is which when you got that bring it back to its original size keep the size of the picture exactly the same now slowly pull it closer to your body and notice what happens does the feeling get stronger or does it get weaker whatever it is just make a note of it doesn't matter which one you do i'll explain it.

Next lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket what happened to the feeling now did it get stronger did it get weaker did your perception of it change did your perspective change did it go maybe from being seeing yourself in the thing to being in it or to do something else doesn't matter what you did just notice the change when you've got that unwrap it lift it back up hold it up your head now i'm pretty sure most of you know what a frisbee is i want you to imagine this thing is now shaped like a frisbee and i want you to take that frisbee and i want you to throw it all the way behind you until it disappears completely beyond the horizon when it disappears completely beyond the horizon scan your body notice what happened to the feelings how did they change right. When you're ready and only when you're ready lift your hands up imagine your hands now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck that frisbee right. Back into your hands as you hold it there i'm going to tell you perhaps the most important thing you're going to hear today and quite possibly for the rest of your life inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your reality you are the king or queen of your universe and you have absolutely every right. Privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want and i want you to play with your power right.

Now i want you to take this picture that you're holding and i want you to make it bigger i want you to make it smaller i want you to move it up i want you to move it down i want you to move it into your body move it out of your body move it all around notice how every time you change some aspect of that frame and the reality inside of it the feelings and the energies connected to that frame change too and i want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that sweet spot i want you to fix it into place i want you to allow that pleasure to flow from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream and from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very dna of those cells reprogramming transforming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful perpetual pleasure factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that go ahead and breathe those energies through your entire being until it locks in. So fully and. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away in fact it only gets stronger you can't even turn it off and take it away when you're done testing it you're sure of it type in the chat which you discovered huge full of energy ease very good surrender okay.

So sits. So well feeling stronger and buzzing good congratulations you just tapped into the magic of your own nervous system to the full spectrum of your mental body your energy body and your physical body and you communicate it to your entire nervous system using a language every part of you understands okay. So how many of you noticed that when you pointed to where you felt it reached out and touched it and you traced it and you made it bigger the feelings got stronger just type in the chat if just say i i did or yes. That's fine right.

Now some of you may have noticed that when you made the picture bigger the feelings got weaker anybody to have that experience okay. Perfect doesn't mean you did it wrong it means you belong to a certain population the people who when they made the picture bigger and the feeling got more intense we call expanders the people who the picture got weaker when they made it bigger we call concentrators. So concentrators they actually get stronger by by concentrating the image it's just how your nervous system orients to the vibrational data there's no. Right.

Or wrong there's no. Better or worse it's just important to understand how you do it now some people when they when they play with the size get very little change that's fine. But pretty much everybody when you move the proximity from here to here you get you get significant change how many of you what did you notice when you wrapped it around you like a big blanket what did you notice comforting okay. Stronger tingling perfect okay.

The reason that this again going back to sharing my screen most of us who've been be bopping around metaphysics for any length of time are familiar with diagrams like this that shows you the human the human aura or the electromagnetic field of the body and we look. At this and we go oh that is. So cool right. That this field exists except for one problem it's practically useless in terms of helping us create change the only thing that this map really shows us are maps like this actually show us are the different centers the heart brain the head brain and the gut brain.

But beyond that it really doesn't help us do anything. But if we take this idea that there isn't a field around our body where information is stored and processed. Then it has to be organized in some way there has to be a way for the nervous system to know what to put where and that's what this looks like this is called the proprioceptive grid. So if you take this this toroid type interlocking set of energy fields and you turn it into this you now have a map for your experiences just for fun when you took.

Your frisbee and you threw it all the way behind you what happened to the feelings in your body type in the chat what happened sad because the good feeling went away maryam coldness right. How does that work i felt liberated yeah because you put your sadness behind you rhonda felt like it was spreading around interesting spreading around the world okay. Again there's no. Right.

Or wrong here. But let me show you what how human beings how things generally work out for the average human being and it goes back to this chart. So this is the dividing line this is the this is the barrier let me go back to an edge here. So this is the the axis of the body think of it as your spinal cord or your tai chi pole.

Then you have the boundary of the body itself information that's out here is dissociated and disidentified from now one of the things you have to understand is anything that you dissociate from or anything you disidentify with you gain control over as things move through the grid towards the body they become progressively more associated and identified with it becomes more imminent on the body the body starts treating it like it's more it's actually you rather than something outside of yourself and. Then at some point if in a normally processed experience the pictures will pass through the boundary of the body and we'll feel it most intensely and. Then we'll start to get over it and it'll start to move away from us. So the takeaway here is when you look.

At this proprioceptive grid anything that's out in front of you is a file that your nervous system treats as overactive or pending it's not completed yet anything that's behind you your nervous system treats as over and complete. But in both cases you move from a disidentified or dis associated perspective through an associated perspective to a dissociated perspective. So what you literally get is an inverted torus i don't know if that makes any sense. But.

So again think of energy collapsing or going through densities or being refracted and. Then it's passed now in the cases of traumatic memories what's happened is something in that process froze it somewhere. But we can change that very very easily okay. So this is how you can take things like auras and chakras and all those things that are kind of woo-woo and actually make them a little bit more practical if you can.

So the literal saying that we use is if you can point to where you feel it you can change it right. So let's play with that a little bit before we do let me just remind you that uh when i log off the webinar tonight those fast action bonuses go away. So just as a refresher for those of you who are still interested you can still claim your fast action bonuses we only have 27 of them left. Anyway um it's a hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery home study course it includes the hidden laws of attraction live seminar videos uh from 2020. it's a 1497 value you're also getting a vibrational influence uk special edition with those two days of bonus content it's a one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollar value uh you'll get that absolutely free and by the way in these courses we'll show you how to take this even further.

But i wanna give you something you can work with right. Away and of course secrets of personality transformation 2 497 value absolutely free we're going to give you the vibrational healing 2021 course 1997 value absolutely free the hidden laws of attraction soulmate secrets master class videos 1 950 value we're going to give you absolutely free and by the way everything in these courses is built on this idea that we're showing you right. Now and it just takes you further and further and how to utilize it to reprogram every aspect of your reality including the universe as a macrocosm okay. And of course the attraction mastery four-day intensive 1997 value gives you the practical skills to apply the information you learned about yourself and your perfect and ideal partners in soulmate secrets we're going to give that to you absolutely free you get three months of the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and access to the 11-year video archive valued at one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollars we're going to give it to you absolutely free and of course you get that free vip super ticket your choice of any single live event in our 2022 2023 calendar to 2250 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value of this package is fifteen thousand three hundred eighty two dollars you can get it all for one loan installment today of just 9.97 if you need a little extra help let stephanie know and we'll let you do three installments of just 3.97 and all you got to do to get yours is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash h l o a that's david snyder nlp dot com forward slash hl okay.

Um there's a lot of interesting conversations going on in this chat if i start reading them i'm going to get distracted and i don't want to do that. So let's get back to this. So again reach out to stephanie at 858 282-4663 if you have any questions once again for the chatters 858 282 4663 okay. There's um i'll have to look.

At that i'll have to look. At some of the chat messages. Later guys i'm sorry i want to keep people on track. So getting back to this stuff.

So here's what we're going to do what you've just discovered is what we call the proprioceptive grid. So when you have a primary experience that information passes through the prism of your nervous system it's disseminated into a holographic memory units part of it stays in the body and spreads out the other part spreads out into the field around you the. First thing we want to do is connect the interoception to the extra reception right. And they meet at the brain by the way.

So the. First thing we do is we point to where we physically feel it we reach out and touch it we trace the outline of it with both of our hands. So we know how big it is we play with the size notice how the feelings in our body change okay. Now are we clear on this.

So far this is the this is the. First piece type in the chat if you're clear okay. Good all right. So here's what i want you to do i want you to think of something that on a scale of zero to ten is around a one two or three just something minorly annoying right.

As you think about that one thing that you want to clear i want you to notice there's a place in your body where that feeling starts where it grows and where it spreads from point to where you feel it go with your. First impression now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it. First impression reach out and touch it now take both of your hands trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is now make it bigger notice what happens to the feeling does it get stronger does it get weaker now make it even smaller and smaller and smaller now put a big thick black frame around it most of you are probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls i want you to feel along that frame and just like on a little transistor radio or an old television you're going to fee you've got to feel some dials and knobs and switches like on hostile television find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast turn it all the way to the right.

Until the image whites out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide which one you like better turn the knob all the way that way if you like it all the way whited out wait it out like it all the way blacked out black it out now take the index finger of your dominant hand black blade white it out or black out to the degree use some other color whatever represents neutralization right. Take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters across that whited out or blacked out or otherwise colored out screen there were some lessons that that experience had to teach you positive or negative i want you to go ahead and write those lessons on that that blanked out stream. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what those lessons were and they just boom they write those out they could be split some people have no. Conscious idea what those lessons are.

But there's their unconscious mind there's a part of them that always knows because it's the part that's been keeping it intact let that part right. On the screen the lessons that need to be kept. So you can keep all those lessons and let everything else go some people draw squiggles some people draw pictures every now and. Then people get pissed off or don't like to be told what to do they write you you you you across the screen some people write with both fingers simultaneously like they're writing chinese or hebrew at the same time.

However your body does it just like automatic writing just let the finger go let it do what it wants to do. So you can keep all those lessons on that screen and let everything else go now i've had people i've had people write for 40 minutes that screen will scroll just like a tablet screen will scroll. So you have an infinite unlimited writing space just keep writing if feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen too keep writing until everything is out of view and on that screen when you're done and only when you're done. So this is where you have to take as long as you need to take when you're done reach up physically with both of your hands shrink that picture down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind begins the process of moving that postage stamp size container all the way back behind you down below the horizon until it disappears completely and you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail or a nail gun is right.

I want you to hear that sound behind you nailing that back there for all eternity impossible to come back and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possibly come back test it try to bring it back notice what happens instead when you're satisfied scan your body notice how different you feel type what you discovered in the chat oh wait it's okay. Free and happy feel lighter it's because you lost em you lost energetic weight this clears out your emotional body more love very good very good now this is a quick and easy way feeling lighter with image cycling and grey room technique okay. Excellent. So here's what happens there was a shock-like feeling very common i had to get sucked through a vortex of unknown realm had in their aha moment the morphogenic pattern is set very good okay.

So here's what we know you are not solid you are a light being you are nested loops of vibrational density every time information passes through you from one vibrational density to another it's refracted. But no. Matter what level of refraction it's at in order for the nervous system to process it it has to be encoded in a language that the entire continent the entirety of your being understands. So you're starting to learn the language of the nervous system visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory.

But you're not using your voice necessarily or you're just your imagination just your imagination to change it you're using the physical body the intention the conscious mind and the imagination you're integrating all the different divisions of your neurology using a language that every division of you understands you're amplifying and synergizing all the different these the power and the amplitude of each of these parts of you towards a common goal that's why the changes anybody noticed they got warmer sometimes broke out in a sweat that happens about 51 of the time they like they get hot all over there's a thermogenic response when the system works right. Yeah again i could spend hours talking about the neuroscience the social psychology all the that's going on yeah you're still processing this is a very fast intervention. But it's a very deep one and the changes keep going long past the actual intervention itself weird the heat thing huh right. Remember there is no.

Alchemy without fire and that's what you're doing this is actual vibrational alchemy this is transformation. But it's self-directed transformation right. I mean i'm guiding you through it obviously right. Yeah fire diana's i think i think diana just had an epiphany i got modeling in your hands yup good snyderism all right.

So here's the deal i use a toilet in my grey room it's more fun that works i've had people use paper shredders flamethrowers doesn't matter. But if you know when you go through secrets of personality transformation you'll get the whole enchilada right. Which is why we really really really promote that system because that's the foundation for everything everything you're going to do in hidden laws of attraction everything you're going to do in uh soulmate secrets everything you're going to do in vibrational healing and vibrational influence okay. Right.

Because if you're not if if you're studying magic like true magic or whatever you want to call it right. And you're not being taught about elements and how they work and how to connect with them not not the the physical like the physical fire or or physical water. But the fire principle or the water principle. Then they're leaving stuff out of your training well again your body knows what it needs right.

Just for fun now we'll start. Later okay. Questions about this really quick i'll take one or two and. Then we'll move on to the.

Next piece was this useful okay. Okay. Okay. I have time for two questions and.

Then we're gonna move on to the. Next piece okay. If you want the whole enchilada grab the grab the package before we log off tonight. So you get that vip ticket i want to hang out with all of you this process is called magic frame okay.

So if we if when you go to your your um will the pick come loose no. Most of it most of the time see one of the things that happened remember earlier i said uh hold on a. Second let me give kingsley the information 858-282-4663. So here's the thing you remember earlier i said that how many i asked how many of you've ever dated the same person with a different face you guys remember when i said that one of the things that happens is if we go through a similar experience and have the same result multiple times one of the prime directives of your unconscious mind is to keep you safe and if it happened another part of his job is to keep you happy and if it has to choose between keeping you happy and keeping you safe it will choose safety and it doesn't really give a about the ramifications of how it chooses to do it.

So many times what happens is let's let's use a business example right. Then i'll use a relationship example a person scrapes their money together they go to school they get the loans the financing they build a business right. They're building this business it's going really really well two or three years into the business some cataclysmic fuck-up happens and all of a sudden the business is bankrupt boom and it hurts and it wounds him. But he he or she picks himself up they say you know what i did it once i can do it again unconscious mind's going man that hurt.

But i think we can get over it right. He picks himself up starts building from scratch two or three years into the business boom crashed and burns again maybe it was his fault maybe it was somebody else's fault doesn't matter and he oh cut to the quick the unconscious might go oh oh my god that hurts. So bad i gotta make sure this never happens to him again how am i gonna do that i know every time he started a business he lost it and it hurt if he never has another business he can never lose it and he can never hurt this way ever again unconscious mind flips a switch and he can't start a new business even though he's learned from all his mistakes he knows exactly who to talk to who how to talk to them where to go what to do where the financing is coming from and he can't pull the trigger why it's called a safety lesson and your unconscious mind is doing this to you all the time it's not trying to hurt you it's not trying to up your life in its way it is trying to help you. But the way it's doing it is screwing us up and here's the big here's the kicker it doesn't trust your conscious mind to not do it again.

So it flips the switch to make sure you can't do it again same thing happens in relationships we get into a relationship with somebody it's going well and all of a sudden boom they cheat on us whatever right. It's like oh okay. One bad apple don't spoil the whole bunch right. We get into another relationship it gets getting serious going on a couple years all of a sudden boom crash and burn oh the pain happens again maybe it's a similar situation maybe it's a different one all of a sudden you go to a class and you start learning what you did wrong you start learning how to find the right.

Kind of people. So you got to go to those people you find the guy who's like the perfect one based on everything you've learned everything you've changed about yourself and you can't go beyond a certain point you can't let it get beyond a certain point before you find yourself pulling back or not even being able to get excited or emotional or intimate with this person why because the pain from the previous two experiences has triggered a safety lesson at the unconscious level and even though you consciously know what to do how to do it when to do it who to do it with you can't because the unconscious mind is trying to protect you by not letting you move forward and the unconscious mind will not let you move forward unless you can significantly strategically prove to the subconscious mind that you have learned these lessons and you will never have it happen again and here's the problem that seems very cut and dry. But you know when i showed you that diagram that hmu diagram now with the the the like a dvd that the visual the auditory the kinesthetic and. Then the content well that's a very organized very um conceptual understanding of a holographic container.

But the inside of it is actually more like soup all these things are moving they're interacting they're creating and and feeding off of each other in an endless loop have you ever tried to unmake soup doesn't work very well does it right. What this particular technique allows you to do is to reach inside that container and pull out the safety lessons and preserve them if you go back and you watch this video you'll keep hearing me say keep the lessons and let everything else go because your unconscious mind has connected the safety lessons to the event it's it's integrated in there. So it can't get rid of one without getting rid of the other and if your unconscious mind has to choose between keeping you safe and keeping you in pain it will keep you in pain because it keeps you safe because the lesson is still there that's why sometimes you'll go to a practitioner they'll do a process on you and it seems to work great on the way home it comes back or a couple days. Later it comes back or as is sometimes the case you'll have something you'll be seeing a practitioner for it'll be like a nine a seven eight or nine and you'll go through this process and go from a seven to a six to a five to a four it'll get to like a two or three and it won't change anymore it won't go any further any time it goes away and comes back any time it goes to a certain level and.

Then doesn't go any further beyond that you're dealing with a safety lesson you're dealing with a set of rules that the unconscious mind has put in place to keep you from doing that again and it doesn't have a clean way to extract what needs to be kept and let everything else go. So if it has to choose between letting it all go or keeping it all it'll keep it all does that make sense not from a logical perspective. But functionally that's kind of how it works. So what do we do with magic frame we open the container we reach inside we extract we download for lack of a better word onto a different medium the safety lessons as our fingers move and we're writing the lessons out we're also venting the emotional charge connected to the experience through the kinesthetic cortex remember the only the only place a negative feeling or negative energy can hurt you is where we attended where we're trained to keep it locked inside our body any form of expression dissolves and vents that emotional charge and allows the system to become more plastic and changeable now you don't have to believe any of that you don't even need to know any of that for this to work for you in fact you didn't know any of that when we did it right.

Because there's there's useful information there's interesting information and they're not always the same okay. So if there's something that gets in your way point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it white it out put a big old frame around it write the lessons on the screen shrink it down move it behind you nail it back there okay. Now you guys remember when we did our emotional motivation checklist [Applause] guys remember that you're very welcome and by the way you can use this for pretty much anything now we used a one two and three um in secrets of personality transformation and hidden laws of attraction we're going to teach you a concept called bucket listing bucket listing is a way that you can begin to do everything i've guided you through yourself it teaches you how to separate from your traumatic experiences how to reorganize them into a format that your nervous system is willing to do alien you don't need to know what the lessons are consciously your unconscious mind already created the lessons we don't need to consciously know what this is for us to fix it. But many times what you'll discover how many of you may have noticed that as you were writing this out and they moved it behind you you had a spontaneous perspective shift on the event you started seeing the memory of the experience differently anybody notice that get weaker okay.

Okay. That that's how you know you've healed something any every chain every change process that works always result not just mine. But any any change process that works almost always results in an immediate change of perspective about the event you can't look. Or experience or remember or recall the event the same way anymore okay.

You may remember exactly the data that happened. But how you feel about it changes dramatically kind of made me feel like it wasn't. So severe exactly right. So again i could spend again spend hours going through all this right.

In terms of the neuroscience and. But you don't need to point to where you feel it reach out and touch it that's how the system works trace it write it boom nail it back there you're done okay. Anything that moves past into the posterior hemisphere the neurology automatically recodes as over complete and done and the further back you move it the more powerful that feeling becomes a lot of times when people move things behind them they move them behind them. But they move them like right.

Here right. Well you have have you ever had anybody standing that close to you from behind you can feel it right. Keep moving it right. Does that make sense now your emotional bonding checklist how many of you when you were saying what you were you're doing your what's important about exercise felt those little nagging feelings connected to the thing you wanted most did anybody have that all right.

So here's what i want you to do now as you focus on where that nagging feeling was i'm going to show you two ways to get rid of it and you can keep using an antenna. But we'll start with since we're on the frame we'll do the frame. First point to where that nagging feeling was in your body take that hand point take your other hand if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that nagging feeling that was in the way of what you wanted a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out and touch it. First impression go with your.

First impression trace the outline of it if it's everywhere trace the outline of it that's fine okay. Now grab it make sure you got the right. One make the picture bigger notice what happens to the icky feeling does it get stronger does it get weaker now make it smaller move it closer to your body as it gets stronger does it get weaker now put it back to where it was put a big old frame around it feel along the base of that frame find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast turn it all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the image all the way to the left the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide which one you like better take the index finger of your dominant hand there were some lessons some some rules some things that this feeling was trying to do for you i want you to write those things on that whited out or blacked out screen in glowing golden letters.

So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go take as long as you need to some people can write with both fingers simultaneously they're writing chinese or hebrew at the same time some people draw pictures some people draw squiggles every now and. Then you get somebody who's pissed off they write you you you across the screen. However your body does. However your neurology wants to do it just let that process happen and just keep writing the screen will scroll like a tablet.

So you have an infinite unlimited amount of writing space and just keep writing if feelings and emotions come up if your body starts to have physical responses just keep writing and when you know you're done and again each of you're going to have to do this in your own time i can't do it for you or with you. But i can kind of guide you when you know you're done and only when you know you're done reach up shrink that thing down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller float it up over the top of your head back beyond the horizon and once just like before get it nailed back there for all eternity and possibly come back and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possibly come back test it try to bring that old feeling back and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied type what you discovered uh we have a bunch of we have a very massive reading list now do yourself a favor just for fun say your what's important about sentences out loud now and notice what happens what do you discover uh if you reach out to seth privately graham says. So very powerful very empowered yes. Isn't this how we want this is this what we want you guys ready to take the.

Next step all right. So everything that i've taught you today is in the the webinar package that we're offering and the entire system is there i can only teach you bits and pieces. But i want to show you what some of these pieces can do when you put them together you get a whole is greater than the sum of the parts okay. So we're going to do one more thing today and again we're going to talk about informations a little bit and the way this works is your nervous system has a preferred way it creates your reality there's a structure to how it creates reality and.

So the. First thing i want you to do is understand that we live in a reality of cause and effect right. We talk when you ask people what karma is people who are actually um educated on karma will tell you that karma is the law of cause and effect everything you do creates something which creates something which creates something well when you have that primary experience okay. Your brain encodes and makes a recording of that primary experience which it.

Then treats as the real thing one of the. First set of filters that your neurology applies to that encoding coded system is a cause and effect filter the. First thing it wants to know is what came. First.

Second. Third what caused what which caused what which caused what and. Then it applies the. Second filter which is the meaning filter what do these things actually mean to me are you with me.

So far okay. If we want to do affirmations or a type of affirmation that will completely transform our neurology in the shortest amount of time possible we have to use these filters. So i'm going to teach you level what we call level one information training right. And here's the print the.

First principle i want you to understand do you remember when i when i posted on youtube and on facebook. I posted a meme and i said in that meme the quality of your life is determined by the quality of the questions that you ask did you guys see that and here's what i mean by this the human nervous system is the world's most powerful progressive question answering mechanism in the universe short of the universe itself your neurology will pathologically sometimes pathologically seek to answer any question you put to it regardless of how stupid the question is or how badly formed it is and you all have had this experience you've all met somebody out there in the real world something bad happens and they go they stand up they look. At the universe and they say why does this always happen to me right. The unconscious mind is down there going oh he wants a list here you go here's why all this happens to you right.

Shitty question should he answer better question better result. So instead of asking yourself why does this always happen to me you might ask how can i make my life better how can i do things differently notice that you're ask yourself that question out loud and notice what happens the response you get from your own nervous system. First impressions what do you notice what do you notice mind what did it answer did it answer something positive open space and time very good. So here's how you we went from frustration to hope boom okay.

So now in in part one i'm gonna sit down for this because i want you guys to to really get it and again if you like any of the pieces that i'm sharing with you please grab one of those packages you you're going to sell yourself short you're going to miss out on i mean think about what you can do what you've got you have the whole system life is your oyster baby and you can do whatever you want all right. Um. So here's the deal when we start to create an affirmation that will stimulate our nervous system we have to do it in a way that the unconscious mind provides the answers now here's what i mean how many of you have heard me say in past trainings or in other videos that what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts anybody just type me if that's true for you in the chat okay. So rather than arbitrarily creating from our conscious mind and affirmation if we ask the unconscious mind why we deserve something it will answer us.

So let me i'm going to share my screen really quick because i want you to have this experience. But i want to make sure that we're all working from the same kind of on the same page. So this particular process is known as information level one there's two or three levels to this we're always adding more we're finding better ways to do it. So.

So think about this think of something you want i don't care what it is maybe you want to have a six-figure business maybe you want to [Music] feel more deserving of money maybe you want to [Music] attract the love of your life these sound like things people might want or things that might resonate with you maybe you want to be more fearless confident you know be more confident give me a couple other ones that you might guys that you might want for yourself just type a couple in the chat youtubers don't be bashful i know you've got a little bit of a delay be more empowered okay. And just for my edification right. Have you guys become more empowered as a byproduct of tonight's training have i delivered the promise that i made you cool all right. So okay.

So here's what we now how do we do this when you do this again level one is a statement. So let's say i want to use i feel more empowered. So you type what you want to have you write the word because and you speak the. First thing that pops into your head.

So we're going to do this one together at home everybody stand up i want you to say i feel more empowered because finish the sentence speak it out loud. First impressions don't even think just speak i feel more empowered because say it five times if it's the same answer use the same answer if it's a different answer use the different answer every time speak it out loud five times tell me what you notice in your in your body it's okay. I'll wait these things have to be experienced all right. When you're done what happened each time you repeated those phrases that was interesting that doesn't really feel stronger how many of you are vibrating a little bit got a few answers right.

Certainty no. Joke right. Now think about that that was only five repetitions the nagging doubt got smaller each time i said it change went deeper yes. Got to vibrate yes.

What do you think would happen to your neurology if you spoke this out loud for five straight minutes now think about something when your unconscious mind answers you it's giving you the beliefs that it accepts as the way for you to get what you want you understand you're changing from the reptile brain up not the neocortex down. So when you and again in other words when you when you say i feel empowered because your neurology says you feel empowered because blah blah blah that's a belief that your nervous system already has you don't need to install it you don't need to change it it's something your entire nervous system is willing to act on you already own it there's no. Blockage anybody notice any did any blockages come up i'm betting the vast majority had none right. Clear channel now think about whoever those of you who do affirmations think of how much time you spent doing affirmations the old way what if you spent that amount of time doing it this way what do you think now i bet while you're typing in your chats and all that now i'll bet i'll bet that as those feelings were coming up through your body there was a place where they started truly not true notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's that color.

First impression imagine a big ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket transformation a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all failures all bound all blocks real or imaginable at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors and vibrations through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead type that in the chat for me there you go for state and that's state control that's magic and it all came from you and there's.

So much more. So much more for those of you who know you deserve it who are ready for it i invite you to grab one of those. Last few remaining webinar packages see if it's a personality transformation everything i taught you is in there hidden laws of attraction everything i taught you and more is in there vibrational healing vibrational influence. So much more this is just the beginning this is a baby stuff compared to what we can do for you and we can show you how to do do you deserve it i don't know that's up to you right.

Just as a reminder for those of you who are kind of coming into the home stretch hidden laws of attraction you get the hidden laws of attraction live training 1497 value. But you're also going to get vibrational influence uk special edition 1597 value absolutely free if you like this stuff you're going to absolutely be blown away by vibe uk i am. So proud of that course i i almost i was almost sorry i taught as much as i did because there's some really crazy crap going on out there. Anyway vibrational healing 2021 1997 dollar value cheers free secrets of personality transformation where a lot of this stuff comes from thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value it's yours for free soulmate secrets masterclass one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value free nlp mastermind group trial three month training and the eleven year video archive three month full access 1597 value you get it for free and when you're ready you get to come to your choice of any single live event in our 2022 2023 calendar five days or less absolutely free doesn't expire never goes out of style absolutely free total value fifteen thousand three hundred and eighty two dollars you can get yours for one low investment of just 9.97 or if you need a little help let us know and we'll break that into three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you need to do to get yours right.

Now is go to www.davidsnidernlp.com forward slash hloa davidsnetternlp.com forward slash hloa david snyder nlp.com yes. I sound like my announcer voice david snyder nlp.com forward slash hloa um i have time for a couple of questions while you're you're finalizing that if you need to get a hold of stephanie you can reach her directly at six six 858-282-4663 eight five eight two two four six six three okay. Hoist um there's shannon says that this was amazing thank you can't wait to join can't wait to have you man or is it i don't care i can't tell that i can't tell that's is that shauna said shauna is it i don't want to make the mistake of getting the gender wrong are you are you male or female how do you identify as shauna yes. Diana says assemblage point it may not be relevant if.

So know it i don't know what that donna can you react diana can you ask that question female okay. Very good shayna roshan. So rocket rod says thank you for the link to killer influence. However the bonuses are different um yeah don't go to the killer influence page go to the david snyder nlp page here your rocket do that one i want to say i think i saw a question vikas verstaggi says thanks david for this session you are rocking as usual i do my best guys again i know you know in the law of attraction world there's.

So much snake oil there's. So many people who say you just gotta buy my product and you'll get this right. Well show me something now like give me an experience give give us something that that that changes us right. The bonus is shown on the powerpoint slide are the correct bonuses.

So that is what you will get guaranteed regardless of what the web page does okay. You have my word on it okay. And again you have until 11 59 pm tonight march 30th 2022 not december i have no. Idea how that happened okay.

So let's see here diane is saying there was a magical academy who asked for an image of self to whether or not to admit depending on a personal assemblage point have you ever heard of this there are there's a thing called the modern mystery school um i've heard some weird things about them i don't i don't i can't comment one way or another um i don't know there again there are a lot of again mystery schools out there uh and they all have different membership requirements i i don't i'm kind of the open source mystery school um. So yeah i don't i don't i don't like to comment on other people i mean i'll be honest i comment on everybody's stuff. But i like to make sure that i actually know what the i'm talking about and i can back up what i say before i make certain comments. So.

So it doesn't allow three-part payment reach out directly to stephanie and she will set you up with a link and a set of invoices for that rocket yeah that is weird there are people there are um there are schools mystery schools that will measure your chakras for example for cert for access to certain levels like for example the chronic healing system like if you're going to be a teacher uh royce i am very familiar with dr johnson's work exceedingly familiar if you understand my drift um like if you're going to be a teacher in the product healing system they'll actually measure your basic chakra to make sure it's strong enough to support a business because in their world the the basic chakra the root chakra is the one most necessary for business success some people will actually look. At your face they'll do face reading on you some people will read your aura you know every system is different you know what are my thoughts about vibrational healing that's what you've been doing this entire class where can you get a vest all you got to do to get a vest if you want there's two ways you can do it hoist if you want to just buy the vest outright. You can go to shrinestore.com uh or if you become one of our platinum or mega platinum members we will actually buy the vest for you and we will present it to you at one of our live events it's true anybody in any any of our platinums here who have their vests miriam says i figured. So i'm.

So happy to hear that yeah everything we do is vibrational right. Everything we do has a vibrational component there's no. Way fans or buts about it right. It's just we have to use whatever how do you become a platinum very very good question robin reach out directly to stephanie skiba at eight five eight two eight two four six six three she will tell you exactly how to become a platinum member we don't usually talk about those on the webinars.

So morten says meet female two long phone calls we meet ten on the range of date haven't called. Then she does not want to see me again how could i win her back i need to know more a lot more about why she didn't want to see you in the. First place to answer that question effectively. But you could image cycle it uh stephanie's email is stephanie at hold on nlpower.com will there be a replay um yes.

In fact as soon as i log off of youtube youtube will process this footage should have the replay available within within probably 45 minutes to an hour you can probably start watching it the other version the zoom version of this call we'll have to upload to the website. But yes. There will be a replay yes. That kim have i had an ex yes.

I've had some ex i've had some not not a lot for some reason and the only way i can figure this out i got about a 50 50 success rate with tinnitus which is better than most. But it's still not what i consider good in our world um we're most of the things we do we're in the high 90s 90 resolution rate. But i think one of the reasons for tinnitus having such a low success rate is because a lot of times the people with the tinnitus don't want to hear what you have to say i've seen a kind of a personality quirk in regards to certain contexts or certain subjects that they're just not ready to listen about and that tinnitus is kind of um an extrapolation of that that's my theory. Anyway i can't prove it one way or the other.

But that's my observation. But yeah we've got about a 50 50 with tinnitus hey the worst that can happen is nothing that's why i tell people what do you got to lose by doing it the worst that can happen is nothing right. And of course you got the 60-day money-back guarantee with the entire system if you want the package if nothing happens in 60 days pick up the phone we'll give you your money back right. Right.

Got everything to gain and nothing to lose. So. Anyway i i sincerely hope that you guys um going to use these skills to help folks remove negative thoughts i'm. So grateful miriam i i actually praised that.

But i'm going to give you a little bit of a warning. First make sure that the people you're going to help actually want to help it's very very easy when you get these superpowers and to them to the layman who doesn't understand what's behind it they look. Like superpowers it's literal magic. But it's magic we understand you got to make sure that they actually want the help you got to make sure that they don't have a reason for keeping it which is why i teach you the magic frame magic frame that technique is the one technique that you can use to remove secondary gain from people and make them actually more open to change right.

But you got to make sure up front that they actually want it yeah. So again the the sad part about being a change worker is that most people won't change until they've suffered enough until they've reached a point in their life where they just can't take one more day okay. And. Then they become open physical pain is actually one of the easiest things to get rid of because people are highly motivated to get rid of it.

So they tend to do what you ask them to do and they get amazing results and they don't got to believe it that's the best part about everything you learn today you don't got to believe any of it you can think of it as all week one big game of pretend do the process it'll still work don't believe me go do it all right. Hey listen i hope you all had a great time if you had a good time please like share this video post your results in the comments section if you didn't like the video or you don't get good results post to somebody else's channel right. I love you all good night god bless remember when i when i log off tonight those fast action bonuses the attraction mastery four day video course the the nlp power three-month training hands-on training the free vip ticket bye-bye right. So you know if you had an experience if you had a result from these trainings from these techniques you owe it to yourself to take it to the.

Next level you're not here by accident are you ready for it if you are click that link and i will see you on the other side good night and god bless i'll talk to you soon.
