Title: 4jVT7WqTp98.txt
Video Id: 4jVT7WqTp98
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jVT7WqTp98

[Laughter] unleashing the magic within um this is a this is also another new course um and. I don't know if. I'll ever do this again if if we release this as a product which. I don't know if.

I will and. I. I don't mean that to to to. Trump up any false scarcity.

I'm a little nervous because these trainings can actually people up like like a lot they're forc multipliers and they're extensions of things you already know. But they're real right. But to be honest it's also fun as hell um and and it just. I.

I would take the class just for the sheer coolness. Factor um what is it about like. I know you just described like the mind and all of those stuff. But like kind of like is that more specific a friend wondering you had a friend that was wondering yeah you're asking for a friend is that what you're saying it doesn't matter just well.

I'm about to tell you if you would let me no. That's all right. So. So this is kind of where we're starting right.

This is this is you guys it's no. Secret that. I'm a student of the. Arts my my goal is to one day be the.

Earth sorcerer. Supreme just. So you know it's on my to-do list right. And.

I'm. I found the current world sourcer. Supreme. So.

I'm in good. I'm a good seeu. Johnson all right. But um and.

So he's given me access. I mean. I have a lot of. I had a lot of training before that.

But everything that. I've gotten from sefue. Johnson uh from the. Roy acution systems that.

I'm studying biogeometry cabala they're all synergized. So for the. Last six seven seven years or. So.

I've been really on a deep dive into okay. If this shit's real how does it actually work what's behind it and in the past six or seven years. I've gotten a lot of answers and the bottom. Then and what they all resolve down to is training.

But where do you find those teachings and and. So that you you know what to train and how to train it and that's been my goal and when. I found the the sources. I have my neuro my my extrapolative integrative brain took.

Over and. I started sifting through all of these things and filtering them through the lens of a neural linguistic programmer which is all about process and structure right. Um and. So this is this is what.

I came up with as being immediately useful all right. So one of the. First things we're going to teach you about is how to amplify the hypnotic power of your voice by a factor four or more this is not how to speak beautifully and round you got to make love to the football tones right. It's not about being.

Berry. White it's about using it's about using your voice to. Project. Specific frequencies of energy with enough amplitude that they can actually change the qualities of physical matter.

So that not only when you speak to somebody if you choose to do this you're not only affecting them at the. Shen level you're affecting them at the. Jing and. Chi level as well and you'll be able to test that right.

Will'll literally give you two glasses of whiskey or two bottles of whiskey and you'll vibrate one and. Then you'll taste test them and you'll see the difference right. Then we'll teach you how to link up your system to the. Divine member we said there's four levels there's the celestial realm there's the heaven realm the human realm and the.

Earth realm we'll teach you how to sync up with. Source take that energy projected out your voice and you'll you'll be able to calibrate the difference in that. So that's just and there's there's and you'll learn how to vibrate your organs you'll learn how to vibrate your tissues you'll learn how to project that vibration into a bowl of water and watch the ripples right. And you'll feel the differences in your tissues when you start vibrating certain things and.

Then we'll teach you how to do the whiskey and the stuff like that. So there's a whole sequence of trainings that's the that was like the. First level of training one of the things that they you had one of the tests in in uh in the medical in. The.

Chiang hospitals in. China was you had to be able to affect matter. So they would test you. So one of the things that they would do is you have to learn how to purge a person's system of toxicity sound and vibration create space.

So it forces pration. So one of the things they would do is they would have you take a a glass of a glass of whiskey and they would have you vibrate the alcohol out of it and. Then they would test it with a pH strip right. So we'll be doing that right.

And the the more you train it the more powerful it gets right. In in advanced like cancer therapies and things like that when the when the. Chiang person has you on the table they'll literally be projecting vibration from their voice into the organ there's three levels of vibration training audible sound sub audible sound inaudible sound guess which one's the most powerful in audible right. But you have to start with the audible physical vibrations.

So you know what kind of. Sensations you need to replicate right. So if you do again this involves training. I'm going to give you guys the introductory practices of what to do and how to do it you'll be able to test it realizing that you'll only get better the more you do it right.

I can't like take you from you know. Padawan to. Yoda in a day or to. But.

I can give you the practice that's why we have three yes. That's true uh right. So that's that's that's that's the. First one right.

Then we're going to teach you how to the vibrational amplitude of your voice um we're going to talk about how to use that to how to use your own energy field to amplify your hypnotic power. So in killer influence you learned a technique called sphere of influence funf factoid they've been using a a technique very similar to that for hundreds of years to train chiong doctors and it's used for psychic self-defense and um possession. So what what you do is you wrap somebody in your energy field and. Then you just it's called overshadowing right.

We have a more benevolent version we call it sphere of influence it's the same mechanic. ICS. But one of the things that the. Chiang doctors had to do cuz remember when you're a.

Chiang doctor you got your your field in all kinds of other people's. Gunk. So you had to have better defenses than anybody else. So one of the things that they would do is they would have you bring up an energy ball they would you would activate your wayi.

Fields you would maintain your connection to the. Divine. Then everybody else would connect and they would hurl energized insults at you and if any of them got through that was a in your armor and you would know what to fix right. So for those of you who want bulletproof psychic self-defense skills and the ability to do waking hypnosis on just about anyone like walking up to somebody and just boom eyes.

Open trance. Force multiplier okay. That's two that's two right. Um now if you've got zero confidence in doing waking hypnosis.

Anyway you got other to work before you wor about wrapping people in your energy field. But that's what it's about and they would use this it clinically if people would come in they would wrap them in an energy ball do an eyck on them and just say who are you who are and they would just drill down through the shells of all their until they just. Shen out completely and their their would just go away because the idea behind a lot of these spiritual practices is getting back to what the. Dows call your original face your soul level right.

And they would it's a very invasive it's a very direct technique. But man it works yeah who are you technique yeah right. It's no. It's it's it's it's like a ice pick right.

Right. Because you can feel the thought form trying to squirm away and say who are you. I'm this who are you. I'm this who are you it's gone right.

It's it's crazy it's it's it's it's really cool right. Yeah well. I don't know if we're. GNA.

I don't know. I don't we're not going to do. I don't think we'll do the. I am the who are you part.

I am not no. No. No. We'll probably do the enveloping part now.

I'm. I have a. I've got a whole bunch of processes that are going to be familiar. But there'll be hypnotic processes which means they have no.

Choice about whether to have it happen or not right. Um. But special vibrational hypnosis techniques this will be your transformational. Triad.

But it'll be you'll you'll you'll most of you already know know the techniques. But now we'll look. At what's the theory that behind them work based on real energetics how magic actually works remember we talked about story and we look. At if we look.

At everything we learn in all these different disciplines from that lens it's all you see the same things right. This. So. This goes to the structure of magic behind the structure of magic right.

Which. I think is really cool um how to fully recapture and recharge and purify your lost energy every place we go every experience we have every person we interact with we leave a little bit of our energy there. I'm going to show you a technique for recalling rep repurposing and releasing that restoring that energy to you it's a very old shamanic technique. Christian.

Mystics practice it doist practice it um. Buddhists practice it it's a secret right. Uh and this literally brings back all the energy that's locked in all your memories all your past part. Partners all the places you use to hang out and it restores it to the system.

So your system can do something else with it right. That alone is a big deal right. How to activate and open your psychic abilities some people come into this world with their. ESP and intuitive gifts turned on.

But often have little control over them this module you learn specific meditations and practices uh that will over time amplify and awaken your. Clairvoyant clear audient and clear senting abilities develop astal projection skills and much more the best part is you'll be able to access and control those abilities on demand it's not an overnight fix uh. But it gives a clear path to unlocking and expressing your true power okay. So we're going to we're going to put you through a three-day very integrative boot camp of psychological spiritual and physical practices designed to help you put you on the fast track um to being able to do a lot of these weird woow woo things.

But they're also going to have another side effect they're going to amplify and multiply the effectiveness of the skill the existing skills that you have otherwise. I wouldn't be teaching this because it's for a lot of a lot of the stuff for people it's not accessible and it's it's not practical it's not immediate enough to be worth practicing right. But if if you know that you can amplify the power of your voice that when you deliver an embedded command it vibrates at their deepest core that's useful right. If you can envelop somebody and create such a a deep level of.

Rapport and. Authority in them that their system becomes hyper compliant to you right. When you use the other skills that's immediately useful does that make sense. So you just graph these things onto what you're doing and you you'll multiply the amplitude and the effectiveness of them right.

They'll be effective even without this. But why not take it to the. Next level and the byproduct of this is that you're going to gain other skills and it's going to give you the ability to access other things right. So that's kind of where that goes manifest anything you want.

I love what. I'm learning from my seafus. But we still have the best manifestation stuff there is image cycling informations hands down still the best. But we can show you how to synergize things.

So we're going to be focusing on that and there's a lot more that we'll be doing. So right. Now um we're doing an early bird for this um that expires. May 3rd and.

Then it's going to go up the price is going to go up 200 bucks every week or two weeks until it's at we reach the. Active. Door price of 1997. But the reason that.

I'm not sure. I want to teach this again is because think of what what this can what could happen with this oh. I didn't. I didn't put it on here there's more um well no.

Because some of the most powerful stuff. I didn't somehow. I can't believe. I didn't do that hold on a.

Second. I have another sales [Music] letter. DAV oh we kick hogwarts's ass there's this one protect yourself from. Psychic attack talked a little bit about that.

But here's the thing. I didn't cover based on my training there are at least 12 different types of psychic attack we're going to teach you about each and every one of them and ways that you can begin to to protect yourself right. We may even have you practice some of them just. So you can test the strength of your own defenses um quick question yes.

Sir what that's why. I said quick question uhhuh um sidekick attack aside from assuming it means other people hating you what about like things that are in in the in the environment yeah okay. Yeah we'll talk about entities in fact. I'm in uh in.

J no. May. I'm going to be going through an entire 7-Day training on nothing. But entities the entire like spiritual and energetic predatory food chain right.

So that's that's part of my training right. Cuz part of the things that we have to learn to do is we get deeper into this we got to become exorcists if you're a hypnotherapist you're already an exorcist to some degree it just gets more violent right. It's it's very weird right. Um.

But. So that's unleash the magic.
