Title: jy1j9vZyEEQ.txt
Video Id: jy1j9vZyEEQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jy1j9vZyEEQ

Just my new work schedule. I seem to only be able to get out of bed to go to work and that's it what am. I looking for something my camera will right. J what's new in your world well attraction and.

Mastery attraction okay. I met a guy about four months ago [Music] that it's moving forward. But. I have some reservations still of course um.

But he is he lived in. Ukraine all his life until about 10 years ago and he is one of the sweetest men. I've ever known and he's been pretty pretty solid all the way through the problem is is. I don't.

I can't tell if he's you know some my mom always told me is don't date a man weaker than you because you'll destroy the relationship and. I'm like okay. But how do. I continue with this and find out um.

I don't think he's weaker than me he's a little bit of a drinker which when he be when he drinks he becomes this marshmallow right. Hugs to everybody. But how do. I keep from messing this up with my past and my reservations and.

I'll tell you exactly how to do it stop trying to not mess it up huh stop trying to not mess it up just let it happen yeah because you know the. First thing that one of the. First things. I always hear about people who who are going to who are messing up relationship how do.

I not mess this up stop trying just just be you let the let the relationship evolve it's going to grow together it will if it's not it won't well if nothing else will be really good friends he's. I really like this guy he's a little older than and again and you know not to not to you know speak ill of your mom. But did your mom have a successful relationship not a one and why are you taking relationship advice from my mom yeah. I'm not she's dead what.

I'm saying is your mom always said don't date a man weaker than you oh did your mom have successful relationships the answer saids not a one and yet here you are taking relationship advice because she's your mom look. At before you. I. I had this conversation just like yesterday or maybe it was the day before with another one of my megas and.

I said look. Man don't take advice from people who've never been there who don't have what you have or have never had what you've got you know if. I if. I had a dollar for every person who's given me advice about my business who's not in my business has never had my business is trying to be in my business um.

I. I wouldn't need my business broke right. You know it's very and there this problem that we have a lot of times is that is that um we get we become very very accomplished in one area because we're accomplished in this one area we suddenly think it generalizes into all these other fields right. I call it.

I call it academic arrogance right. Which is dramatically similar to. Dunning. Krueger which.

Dr. John. Lun used to call the. Supreme confidence of the ignorant right.

I like that don't take advice from people who don't have the results you want right. So you know. So the moment somebody starts giving you advice look. At their track record right.

And if they if they have a a a profound history of failure do the opposite right. Well part of the reason you know. I haven't been with anybody since. Terry and.

I'm my brain's going in a million different directions. But you're right. Relax and let it go could it be you're just horny well that could be. But.

I'm not going there for a while yet. So okay. I'm just. I'm just being.

Politically. Incorrect you know. I'm jumping on the. First guy.

I met. I mean doesn't sound like you've jumped on him yet well. I don't mean that way. I want to take your time have fun just follow follow your heart and follow your instinct right.

But what. I'm saying is if we're it's it's important that you know the. Buddha said it and. I'll say it again don't trust anything because you read it in a book.

Don't believe anything because it's old or because somebody told you test everything. But one of the things you can tell you know from all our profiling training and everything else look. At the person's track records before you accept their advice all right. Got it and and it's it's always it's never steered me wrong it it really hasn't and.

So. But the thing is is when you're in these when you're in these relationships remember that every relationship starts out as two people just having a good time right. It doesn't start there it it doesn't have any business going any further every short every long-term relationship started off as a short-term relationship well you know the funny thing about this guy is he speaks uh very little. English enough to get by.

But he he and. I just we m i mean other people have trouble with talking to him and. I can. I you know.

I'm learning body language. So. I get it you know. So it's really helped me in this relationship he's learning.

English pretty well. But he's got a way enjoy the process take your time see where it goes if it goes somewhere great if it doesn't it doesn't it's the problem is attachment we get too attach too quick. Then we become fearful. Then we hold on to tight and we do all the things that we say we were not going to do to scrt the relationship.

So let it happen right. Thanks sir you're welcome uh let's go with. Heather new and exciting um more of the same you know um. I can see up your nose in that background oh get away there um work school the things um hiking all just doing my daily practices going on um.

I did have to have cortisone shot in my knee after the week of chiong and been dealing with kind of the side effects of that do you is it possible your 18 rules were off maybe your structure what you're doing all that standing. I'm sure it is. But. I.

I mean. I don't know the structure well enough to know what. I'm doing. So.

I've just quit using their practice and. I went back to the practice that. I know because. I know know how to do my practice without hurting myself okay.

That's fair um. But like as far as like the physical stuff with do you have any recommendations for like the steroid stuff like the side effects from that like racing heart rate that kind of stuff spin it frame it breathe it the basics of course. Basics yeah and a lot of a lot of purging right. A lot of uh you know the the dredging stuff that we did yeah you know if you did the old man in the tide poool um the six healing sounds probably good good again.

I think that's gonna. Purge and regulate the system is gonna help okay. Which which book. That's all in book.

One right. What's all in book. One um the. D the dredging and like if.

I want to go read up on the 18 rules of posture that's in the. First book. Right. It's in a bunch of the books um.

I let me let me look. Really quick see if. I can find it 18 ruls of posture. I know is going to be in the.

DST neong book. Okay. Um which. I don't know if have or not uh.

I think. I might have the electronic version of that because it's on on. Amazon where like if you have a membership on. Amazon's.

Kindle book. Whatever you can download and have 10 books at all times and. I think. I have that um book.

One was is that the green one let me see if. I can find 18 of posture here right. Now. I've got somebody's hoen staring at me which is bizarre those of you who don't know what the hoyen is it's the perenium 18 well it's not me this time let's see [Music] here try um you're probably gonna have to look.

Around. But try. Pages 41 in and around. Pages 41 there those are um it's a chapter on the daen which is you know little.

Chiang and and and mudras and things like that um that might might have something in there um also you can look. At chapter 3 uh page 189 this is actually not on the 18 rules. But it does show um postural deviations and things like that and. So there's you're probably in and around those in and around those areas.

I'm. I'm just scanning really quick through this um it's a big [ __ ] book. So. I don't have a whole lot of time to look.

But um yeah. I would let see it no. Um yeah. I really can't help you much more than that um without an extended amount of time there's actually.

I think he actually has a video just on the 18 rules if you wanted to go by the by by that it's probably not the most exciting video. But it would go probably in excruciating detail uh into those aspects of it. So sorry. I couldn't be more help with that.

But um that was helpful just kind of knowing which book. To get that's the hardest part with all this stuff well again. I'm. I'm just guessing.

But. I know there's lot of stuff on posture in the. First book. And.

I'm sure there's way more in other books as well because like. I said he repeats himself a lot and that's one of the things that. I'm seeing how he's actually hiding the information because he is he's making it practically impossible to learn from a book. So it's pretty interesting.

But well that's why. I have you. So you can put it out for me what are you trying to say. Heather what are you trying to say.

I'm saying you're smart and you know how to put it together and make it easy for me rattlesnake colors and. I know things okay. All right. Let's go to.

Susan. So you know in manifesting like you're supposed to vibrate at the level of the thing you want and you're supposed to believe as if you have it and and all that right. There are a couple of examples that. I know of in people that.

I know or have known that really go against that and they nag at me sometimes um when it takes me more than 30 seconds to fall asleep which isn't very often these days. But still one of them is a memory of standing with a guy named. G. Brooks m in.

May of 1997 which you may or may not remember probably don't was year of the. Central. Park concert in. August of 1997 and.

I had just met him there were a few of us standing around talking to him and the topic of that concert that planned. Then concert came up right. And what he said was we'll see if anyone shows up and he was not kidding and he actually he wrote his he's been working on his kind of. Memoirs through anthologies and he has expressed the same thing there now there were about there was they couldn't really count them.

But they thought there were about a million people that showed up the. Central. Park the other one was a family friend who really had like scarcity. Consciousness and died a multi-millionaire um like.

I handled her estate and there were estate taxes involved it was a couple of million dollars and. I just don't. I don't understand quite how it is that people who have not just not a strong belief in wealth or you know success in a given. Endeavor.

But really antib belief if you will how does that work thoughts. I don't know for every for every. Law of. Attraction rule out there you'll find exceptions okay.

You know it's just and that's that's. But. I will talk about one thing is and and this is again. David's personal experience you know a lot of people say imagine you already have it imagine that you already own it.

I've never seen that work. I've never seen that work elaborate what do you do um. I. I.

I place an order with the universe and just wait for it to be delivered and. I go about my business which is kind of like you go to when you it's like it's when people say imagine you already have it it's like going to a restaurant and imagine the food is already in front of you and it is and it becomes rather than placing the order and let whatever mechanisms in place to deliver the order do its work and just go about your business work on you know do work call people on the phone whatever you're doing to move through the world until the food shows up right. Um right. So you know as much as.

I like what. I've the little. I've read of. Neville.

Gard or or or people of that bu who say imagine you already have it. I don't think that's what they meant. I think people are taking it a little a little bit to. I think what they meant was imagine that it's there it's coming.

But it hasn't shown up yet. But it's it's just the order is going to be delivered. So you place the order it's in process it's coming you know because. I just.

I just don't see it playing out and and again that just could be my limited perceptual filters or whatever right. But my my little magic. Mantra something will happen always causes something right. Um.

But the manra is something something will happen not something happen which right. You know. So um. But you got to remember that there's a lot of people who make a lot of money because they're terrified of being poor right.

There's a lot of people who whose idea of being poor is having less than seven figures in the bank okay. Right. So all these little rats and there you can't you can't judge yourself by other people's life or experience it's really a a. Fool's game to do that ultimately you can look.

At people and what they've accomplished and model their methods. But you don't know what their karma is you don't know what their their history is you don't know what their true set points are and things of that nature and. So you have to take what's useful and and modify it for your life right. Yeah um yeah.

I you know. I do know some things about that one person and actually her family did have money yeah. But and. I'm.

I'm vetting that the scarcity mentality that she was operating from she got from her parents she. I think. So in a lot of ways yeah her mom continued to work her mom was an ays and you know. So was.

Barb as far as that goes not as much. But still yeah. But not. I mean not to the same not to any like not a billionaire not even born a millionaire or something most of what they got they didn't move and they paid off their house and yeah.

Gordon put a lot of money in in retirement and he had he's from the. War. Buffet generation yeah and he had you know he had life insurance and all that stuff. But.

I don't know it was just odd to me and. I wondered if you had a there's a great there's a great book. I came across called the psychology of money uhuh unless you think it's about getting rich it's it's really about the mindsets that people have that what we think works versus what works and it's a really interesting interesting uh treaties on it you can get it on. Audible you can get it on.

Kindle um okay. It's it's really it's very thought-provoking and. I think. I think more.

Mo everybody on here um should at least listen to the book. And decide if they want how it applies to them if it applies at all. But. I think it would help a lot of people right.

And everyone knows g a little weird. So whatever anybody who goes by two different names at the same time it was just always it was. So it was weird when he said it and. Then it was like weird when it happened and.

Then and. Then when. I read it and. I remembered that conversation you know is like.

But how do you do this when you're. So convinced that it wasn't gonna work he's not that way about. I think. I think you with with someone like gar.

Brook. Saying that. I think what he was. I think.

I don't think he was expecting nobody to show up. I think he was just wondering how many people will show up and and you know the same the same sentiment can be embodied or a different sentiment can be embodied in that phrase. So. I'd be.

I don't again. I wasn't there. I didn't hear it. So.

I. I really can't speculate too much. I if. I ever get to talk to him again uh one of these days.

I'll ask him okay. Let me see about let me see if. I can find this book. Really.

I. I think. I only have it in audible. But psychology.

NOP. I think it's only. I think. I only have it in my audible which.

I don't have in front of me. So. But. I think it's actually called the psychology.

So for those of you interested in it and no. I don't know the author off the top of my head. I'm not even sure how. I found the damn thing.

But it found me could be could be. Morgan housel um guess. I could look. At my.

Audible app see what it's got to say. But. Then. I'm gonna lose my.

Dungeon. Crawler. Carl book. I'm like totally re binging the whole.

Dungeon. Crawler. Carl series if you have you if you like lit. RPG it's hysterical.

So it's kind of what. I do to take a brain break from all the intense. Chinese medical crap. I'm always up to my eyeballs in hold on a.

Second let me see if. I can find this. I think it's more hous over and. I've got these popups coming and want to get out of the way.

So just bear with me here yes. I think my pet. Moss just showed up yes. It's.

Morgan howel all right. Uh let's go to oh there's. Laura didn't see. Laura sneak in mandar the mighty you're up oh.

I'm up you're up buddy. I hear an echo um what should. I ask that's a great question what should you ask yeah why am. I echoing.

I'm not sure that you are. But somebody system okay. [Music] um okay. So about in a dating context if this is a typical question well why did you break up with your ex uh it's it's a very common question that.

I get to hear um now. I don't want to answer negatively. So what's a good good good feedback what what's a good response and how do you frame it in such a way that you set up a standard for them well you know me being a smartass. I just look.

At her and say why did. I break up with my because she asked me about my [Laughter] ex there there it is you close the chapter right. There good job right. Or another variation because she kept asking me about my ex by the way that might be called reflexively apply to self mandar reflexively apply to self is that your 14 reframe patterns yeah.

I have to go back to that we that's the that's the curriculum that we don't review a lot no. We don't. I'm talking personally. So um and.

Then. Holly wants to ask if you don't have an. X. I mean for me it doesn't apply.

But okay. If you don't have an. X um well. Then that question does doesn't matter hly come on.

I just say. I. I would again because. I'm a smartass it's what.

I do what maybe. I be honest with you. I am pure as driven show. I'm a complete version.

I've never had an. X [Laughter] that a visual is worth a thousand words isn't it beautiful right. Yeah yeah um maybe another that's a great response actually well again because people are gonna do weird [ __ ] right. And chances are if they're asking you about your ex it's because they want to talk about theirs right.

And unless it's strategically useful for me to get them to access memories of their ex. I don't want to go there yeah you're actually right. People are um and and. I maybe.

I'm sorting for narcissistic people. But narcissistic people tend tend to ask this question and. I. I'm.

I'm the. Last. I mean. I'm not really interested in knowing about their ex because because.

Then now we are gonna talk go on a negative um conversation route and. I don't like to go on a negative um well yeah remember when you're when you're convers you know when you're doing attraction work it's all about you you you you have the templates that. I showed you they work great and they let you get to know someone really really quick. So when when people start asking things like that it's either they're looking for an excuse to talk about theirs or they're trying to knock you off your game uhuh and that's that's kind of how when strategically and tactically that's really um the primary reasons why somebody would want to do that or they or they see them or one other.

POS they see themselves in a relationship with you and want to know how it's going to end it's it's uh it's it's weird how in a dating context people tend to like future. Pace how this relationship guys do it guys do it pathologically before they make an approach women are doing it on the. First date they're they're they're running scenarios with you what kind of a father you're going to be what kind of a husband a provider they're do they're doing all kinds of crazy future pacing [ __ ] fortunately for us as men we disqualify ourselves by talking about ourself way too much. So they they come to the conclusion pretty early right.

Unless they're unless they're shopping for a guy with potential in which case they'll give you all kinds of benefits of the doubt. But um go ahead. Mand. So here.

Nathaniel is asking how would you use ex anchors to your benefit. I don't understand the question. But. I'm assuming anchors that have used on your ex that you would use on your new new.

Target or your new you're gonna have to give me a context because biding on the context would change what. I do with it all right. Um do you wanna. I mean.

Nathaniel you can extrapolate your question because even. I he's up after you. Anyway. So he can ask it okay.

Ask it yeah all right. Uh. So my. Next question is.

I really want to go on the emotion route um. But uh how to regulate emotion okay. Since. I'm on.

The. Dating context in an attraction context or in a p persuasion contact let's say on a with a client um and and you're you're actually right. I mean. I don't have to say it uh.

I'm beginning to go through this experience where okay. Sales and attraction okay. I see a lot of similarities now because now okay. They're they're buying me before they buy the product absolutely.

So how do. I regulate my emotions in real time um in an instance when uh. I'm in in the in the flow of conversation and. I forget okay.

I have to maintain my state because it's it happens once in a while when. I'm. So involved in the process that. I that.

I'm no. Longer longer in control or aware of my state and. I still want to regulate my emotion get back to posture and breathing you know were you were you on the. AMA uh.

Last week. I think it was or week before when. Dave was talking about how he went out socializing for the. First time and he got into this really great conversation and the minute he found himself starting to lose his.

State he would just change his posture and he was like completely back in control of the conversation did you catch that if not go watch the the. YouTube uh. AMA from the. Last one you you'll hear him talking about it.

Bic posture breathing and he dominated the entire conversation okay. And you and you already know this from training because whenever you do. Rapport. Wars and we have people intentionally mismatch each other or match each other what happens to the conversation right.

This is the whole thing 99 in my experience when. I when. I watch people interact the. First thing that goes to [ __ ] is posture the moment your state changes your posture changes and the and.

Then now now you're trying to will yourself to hold on to a state that your posture is no. Longer supported you know what happens when you try to do that. So when two people are in this uh. Discord have you have you've also notice that they they are um opposite in posture to each other uh they'll either be a lot of times they'll just be intentionally mismatching people or um yeah you'll see see one one will be leaning in the other will be like back like you'll see him have very very uh confrontational posture some.

PE sometimes people will play the rooster where they're actually like they're up like this the other guy's up like this and person is trying to get higher. I call that the rooster right. Um uhuh okay. You know.

But that's that's usually right. Before things are going to come to blows or one person is gonna push another going back to like um. Nathaniel was doing an amot you know asking about amot questions a lot of times when somebody's very belligerent and they're. AOG and you they'll get that that that puffed up energy you know kind of a gorilla energy right.

These are again it's an attempt to to make themselves bigger take up more space to appear more. Alpha more dominant right. And. So people who are in.

Conflict now now stronger y winds right. Whereas a lot of times you can just reverse the polarity and and change the postures and and just dissolve a lot of that stuff. But. First thing it'll go is your posture this is what.

I told you killer influence that the way to control the frame is by controlling posture and body feelings posture body feelings breathing yeah. So. I've. I've never written this down before.

AOG. Al other guy. Alpha other guy yeah it's another guy trying to to come in and and out. Alpha you and basically disqualify you as as somebody who's uh from the person you're trying to impress.

I don't see it too much anymore. But. I don't go out to nightclubs it happens quite often in night life and yeah in. Social scenarios it's very easy to combat.

So yeah okay. Metaphorically kick him in the nuts and we're good okay. All right. Yeah uh that's it for me n you're up well.

I should probably close the loop with the question about the anchors. So when you mentioned the. X. I was remembering both of.

Kendrick's. Dark. Side courses and how potentially bringing up the. X would obviously cause them to elicit emotions how would you potentially utilize those emotions for your benefit maybe anchoring them to an ex or not to an ex.

But maybe okay. First thing got asked. What's. My outcome what do.

I want to accomplish uh well in this scenario it would be to close or to get a date or uh okay. So are we using the boyfriend. Destroyer are we using like the pattern like the door boyfriend. Destroyer okay.

Boyfriend. Destroyer is really really simple um all you have to do is elicit where they store boyfriends or they're glad they got rid of or people that they thought were right. For them once. But found out they weren't.

Then you tell a story about your friend. Debbie and you just you know move your move their move the picture of their boyfriend into that area right. And know sometimes bu's the right. Like you have this guy that you're se you really like him a lot of times we think that he's the right.

Person. But sometimes something just flips and the picture just moves into another space and before you see all the things that you didn't agree with before that were. So much like the people you left that you were. So happy that you left and that gives space for someone who can really fill your needs in a way that's really uh goes much deeper and more profound amazing you know when you can look.

Deeper and see that behind that is even something more preferable right. So you're able to hijack their spatial anchor of their yeah and. Then okay. Yeah it makes a lot of sense because yeah obviously the kendri step goes into the patterns.

But make sure you just got to make sure that when you have them access those locations you're not standing in it yeah yeah yeah uh that's true okay. Cool that answers that question um the main uh questions. I had. I just it was in regarding utilizing ing criteria and values and elicitation in a sales process okay.

Specifically mine um. I do a triage call 15 minutes and. Then a one call close afterwards um. I sell basically government grants in.

Canada gives the the business access to interest. R loans okay. So would. I ask the.

Criterion value question on the triage call that's my. First question um and. Then my. Second question would be would.

I ask the criteria values licitation on what's important them about getting the loan or. First ask them what caused them to to reach out in the. First place. Reas for the loan.

I would definitely ask them what made them reach out. But that wouldn't be my. Surface that wouldn't be what. I attack that wouldn't be the criteria.

I attack. So once. So once. I understand you better once you've you've gotten this after you've been approved for this right.

And you've gotten that money and you're. GNA and it's going to do this for you. I'm curious once you have that what's. What's.

Really. Gonna what's what's important important to you about that what's that going to do for you right. You know how's it going to change your life could you add in the word personally yeah because primarily because we're dealing with again what is the person on the other end the person who's making the decisions on the other end of the phone actually want right. Because corporations are not run by it's.

Corporation is an entity technically. But it's run by people and each of those people have specific emotional motivations and. So for each one the people that you got to deal with you've got to extract their criteria. So you can get past their [Music] gate that makes sense and how would.

I utilize because it sounds like. I'm going to be doing this on the. First triage call how would. I take that.

Criterion of value and. Then utilize that on the. Second call when. I'm closing them or would.

I. Reas the question because maybe their criteria changed in between. I would say and just just you know from you know. I really enjoyed our.

Last call and during your. Last call you said that you know the real what this was going to do for you was going to be. X and. Y and.

Z and when you had. X and. Y and. Z it was going to allow you to experience one two and three and.

I just want to clarify with you is that still true or is there something else that's even more important about about this for you. So we can make sure that we've got the best program or the best plan that's the right. Fit for you okay. And.

Then just future project them with the oh yeah everything to pre suppose they've already taken the loan or the okay. Cool yeah amazing yeah yeah answers everything yeah excellent uh yeah the thing you always want to remember is that everything you do once you have the basic. CPI and and train everything you say should presuppose they've already taken the action that you want them to do and it's just it's just matter of fact as we begin working together you'll start noticing how this loan might help you with your marketing yeah a few weeks from now after you really had a chance to to to to dig into the program and really start to see the benefits of having been able to invest the funds in the right. Right.

Place and it starts yielding the benefits from you that you've been really looking for you're going to realize that that huge weight lifted off your shoulders and you're going to see the opportunities growing and becoming more easy for you to achieve because you made because you you you've taken the necessary steps to get there you know and. I'm speaking in very generic terms because. I have no. Idea what.

I'm talking about. But. But the it's the. Bas everything.

I'm doing is as again. I'm. I'm in they're in the future. I've presupposed theyve taken the actions.

I'm putting them in the benefits of it and having them look. Back orientation in time having them look. Back periodically on that decision to do it that they've made that they're already passed the fastest way to overcome an objection is to. LEAP into the future after they've already into to an alternate timeline where they've actually taking the action you want and have with it oh.

I have a you reminded me of one. Last question um. I. I have a separate objection.

Handler. I use with. Jeremy. Miner for a scam because.

I sell grants right. The main objection. I give would be scamed and they would and the one. I use is like have you do you know anyone in the past that has used a grant before and they would usually say successfully and they would say yes.

And. I would ask them like what makes you special right. Why would it would be different for you and that that usually works. But.

I'm curious what would you do differently would your objection okay. I'm not sure. I understand the question if they object saying hey is this a scam it's a government grant. But like money it's it's a scam right.

Canadian government grants free money seems like a scam um what would you use to object that would it be like one of the set of mouth patterns or would it be well to be honest. Mr. Prospect a lot of people feel exactly the same way you do and many of them have discovered after taking the moment to really have this conversation and check up on the resources and the the credentials. I'm about to share with you what an amazingly real opportunity this is and as you do that you'll realize that you have the same opportunity that.

So many other people who thought this was a scam at. First also had and you can get the same benefits that they got awesome awesome upload this recording as soon as possible thank you appreciate it. I love this [ __ ] this it's a good thing. I'm not a lawyer i' you have to have a search to remove my.

Compassion. Center. But all right. Um let's go to.

Stacy. I'm here. I'm just trying to get my camera on um. So.

I have. I guess. I've got two questions. But um one is about trance and.

Then um and. But by the way. I want to just up front thank you like like. I've had a like really amazing week and it's just.

I. I'm. I'm grateful for all the practice. But it was.

So cool to actually get to work with people and like. I had a plan. But. I had to roll with it and.

I didn't actually get all stressed out and. I was just riffing with things and and it was rolling and and it was nice to be able to be in the flow and not feel a little panicked with it like yeah. So like not that. I couldn't do some of it.

But to not have to like really stress was yay and they. I got like amazing results from people and. I even got like $100 tips and stuff which oh look. At you.

I'll take yeah girl go go. Stacy go. Stacy go. Stacy.

I'll take that yes. Thank you wi winning um. So my my. First question is about trans.

MH. So. I was like doing more of that like kind of surrender thing and. I had somebody on the table and.

I've been trying to unpack what the hell happened and. I realized you probably can't totally give all the. Insight on it. But.

I know. I didn't fall asleep. I was very aware of the room. But.

I was [ __ ] gone like gone like everything went like white and the only thing. I can can explain it as similar to when. I do deep channeling and. I go to the sacred um.

Celtic. Tree. Groves and retrieve messages which. I wish somebody would [ __ ] record me when.

I do that because. I have no. Idea what the messages are that. I give them.

But. I come back and it's like epically lifechanging for them which. I'm. I'm happy that's my job that's what.

I'm doing. I'm. I'm happy to do that. But it's was that same type of sensation.

I've been trying to unpack like what's the difference like if. I sleep things go to. Black when. I go to that type of thing things are white.

So that's probably the only different qualities that. I could distinguish white out phenomena is very very uh common when people go into deep level meditation and their sh goes and send okay. The. Tai pole and and my client said that she felt this amazing amount of energy like going through her.

Third eye and her head and everything and when. I it was like a a switch flipped and. I was like and. I'm back and and.

Then. I was watching her body like. Rel releasing all this stuff and do massive amounts of twitching and it was amazing session and she was just like [ __ ] goo when she got off my table she like could barely speak. But she's like and.

I'm like are you okay. Then we established she was. GNA be okay. To drive and she's like.

I. I. I can't even talk she's like not that. I'm not capable there's just no.

Words and she's like she gave me an extra $100 tip and she's like. I'll. I'll see you. Same.

Same. Day same time in two weeks and walked out. I was like it was just. So.

So weird. I don't know can you give me some insights because that was bizarre what kind of insights do you want like. I guess. I guess.

I'm asking is like is that okay. Is it like okay. Yeah because what happens is like if you're if you're if you're doing the way we teach where you're you're surrendering to the. Divine and you're inviting the.

Divine to come in and work through you. Then merging with that energy will. CA well again you're you're also do you also do a lot of channeling. So um something was working through you that's all okay.

Because it like. I guess there's a piece of me that was like feeling guilty that like. I check. I checked out on my client like.

I did. But. I didn't you did didn't check out you just stepped aside and let somebody else take over or something over hopefully hopefully the. Creator or one of your higher.

Guardians that you work with. But you know. I. I will tell you that experience has given me a whole other appreciation for the other steps that she teach besides the the invocation because now.

I have a whole different appreciation for why those are. So important too. So yeah like okay. So if that happens again just go with it yeah as long as as long as you know you're better off for it and the client is better off for it and you you've prepared the space and.

Then you clear the space when they're gone and yeah okay. Because like. I'm grateful. But.

I there's also a part of me that's just kind of sitting back going like this is awesome. But it's also like what the [ __ ] like here's a question here's the question is that ego talking because there's a part of you that feels you didn't do it. So you feel [Music] bad no. Because it's it's it's also there's this other flow that's been going on too that like.

I. I accomplished like two big goals that were impossible like. I sat out there deliberately aible ones and. Then.

I kind of forgot about them and it was like a few weeks ago. I was like holy [ __ ]. I actually did what. I thought was impossible to do.

So and and other cool [ __ ] is coming out of that. So yeah okay. The hardest thing that that's gonna happen as you guys go through these. Transformations is dealing with the ego deaths that are inevitable.

But also dealing with those trans those. Transcendent moments where things you were thought were out of your your abilities or without out of your range all of a sudden they're just here because you tapped into something higher than yourself and letting go and surrendering to that flow that's for a lot of us is the hardest part because we're. So used to having our hands on the rains and dry and being in control of every nuance and everything that's happening and sometimes the most powerful thing we can do for control is let go of it and surrender to. What's happen happening and just.

However this needs to manifest use me. However you need me to you know to use me and and be okay. With that right. And that's one of the hardest things and again.

I teach this [ __ ] and. I still deal with it. I struggle with it right. Um and we're all going to go through iterations of that process you know where we have to just learn to trust that you know what what's manifesting isn't completely under our control and it's not always going to match what we expect to happen okay.

I. I think the other part of it is that it's also profoundly humbling yes. Like it's like the bigger it is that's how you know it's real more humbling it is like like in some ways it makes me feel smaller well in a way it will. But.

Then you have to think. But bet it also makes you feel grateful at the same time yes. Right. Yes.

And that's that's that that reverence that comes from being part of something greater than yourself. But knowing you were also an important part of that right. Why was. I chosen thank you for choosing me to do this why was.

I chosen to be this this this. Channel or this vessel for this healing right. And to to create this you know there's all these things are going on in the back of your mind when when the. Divine steps in and works through you and it's it's a really amazing experience.

But it does bring tears to your eyes. A lot of times it it it's almost like trying to catch my breath sometimes it it's that kind of like oh my goodness and. I suppose leading off of that. I've also been wrestling and trying to do some parts work with myself because somewhere in the spring.

I developed a inner bully. I. I guess and there's an amazing amount of confidence. Ence and that part of me like just very forcefully steps forward and that part's also done some reclaiming of of parts of my soul that went off and and.

I kind of sit back and look. At it. I'm like well [ __ ] where did you learn how to do that like that was a very effective way of doing other stuff that. I would have assumed that there were a lot of other steps.

But even kind of going head-to-head with this inner bully. I found like just the process of doing some of this surrender work working on other clients all of a sudden they're sort of like this divine feminine like. I was. I think.

I had more fear of this other bully at. First and. Then like digging into the parts work all of a sudden this like divine feminine mother energy came in and there's no. Fear it's just like all of a sudden creating space for all of it and now.

I'm like more playful with it. But it's like it's a very strange thing even doing the the parts work. I feel this whole other thing coming in that also puts me in awe like. I don't even know where it's coming from.

But it that whoo is humbling to also kind of because it's it's very intense and there are times. I'm stepping back and. I'm like watching myself watching myself perfect. So.

I'm. I'm. I'm on the right. Track.

I guess is what. I'm asking absolutely okay. It's it's trust the process it's a wild it's a wild ride yes. It is no.

Go ahead it only gets more interesting oh boy my my other quickie. I think it's a quicky question is if you have any insights in navigating like dealing with people with like the identity thing because. I. I've kind of taken you literally on on some things and crafting uh an identity out there and.

I'm like even dressing in it and. I'm. I'm finding when. I'm out in that other persona and and doing my more magical work and stuff it's the weirdest [ __ ] thing to hear people telling me all these stories about who.

I am to them and like it it's it is very magical getting to interact even like with little kids it's yeah we're. I'm. I feel like little kids interacting with me is like meeting me at a like they see me and they know what what stuff is and it's it's a really cool space it's the adults like the grandmas that are actually showing up to ask me to take pictures with their their grandkids. But the grandmas are going all like crazy goofy like all of a sudden it's it's like.

I'm not sure what to do with that. But it's is that just coming with the territory of other people interacting with this other identity okay. Well what's the identity that you're you're you're putting on there and and what are they proceeding what's your intention versus what your outcome is um. I also added into the the intention out there is to maybe add an otherworldly uh quality to it are they.

ID are they perceiving that when you send it out or when you're when when you're eminent when you're um you know emoting that yeah and it it's a weird thing because it it's also giv me like. I almost have cart blanch permission to do all sorts of [ __ ] that. I didn't necessarily feel like. I probably would have before which is kind of cool.

But. I. I will even have people come up and ask me to like just spin around in my outfit and. Then they start doing it too and.

I had somebody else who even drove two hours just to meet me uh and they're like well we saw your picture and we had to meet you because that's how. I want to feel that's what they said okay. So it sounds like you're moving. Full.

Speed. Ahead. Just. Go.

With. It just just kind of go with it is that what people really do they just like they don't make up [ __ ] about other people. I guess they don't know any different okay. Right.

See what you're going through is a projection issue because you think that the people that you're interacting with see you the way you see you and they don't they see what you give out what you project okay. All right. Okay. I.

I guess it's a a weird thing for me because. I'm seeing like if we do like. Superman call pent or something like that. I really couldn't understand how people couldn't see.

Superman as. Clark. Kent and. I guess.

I've had that experience recently where they thought. I was an impostor pretending to be myself when. I didn't have my whole outfit on and they're like no. That's you're not her that's because you were in congruent okay.

When you put that outfit on you're congruent the inside matches the outside okay. Okay. Right. And that's really one of the things that that we all want to strive for is that we want the person we we want to be inside the person we aspire to be or are to match the exterior.

So that there's no. Need for artifice there's no. Need for putting on identities or masks or whatever that's that's what everybody's goal is or dream is unfortunately we live in a plane where that it's very hard to do. But every now and.

Then you'll tap into it and be magical. So keep going okay. Thank you. So much very grateful.

Laura you're up ah helps if. I can find the mute button good evening evening um. I wanted to thank you um the advice you gave me. Last week worked really really well um it it has definitely changed.

I was really surprised how much it changed the that feeling of you know small and threatened and you just just changing the picture sizes. So and. I really don't think. I have any questions tonight.

But. I just wanted to actually thank you for very welcome the advice it was you know it's it's. So interesting to me how just the smallest changes in the right. Places make the biggest difference right.

Um. So much of what we manifest on the outside and and and what we encounter is because of what we're doing inside right. I can't take full credit for that particular technique. I have to get.

I learned that from. Ross. Jeff of all people right. Many many many many years ago i'.

I've extrapolated on it and built on it. But. I think he caught it like one [ __ ] time in a seminar um and it just in fact it was the very. First it was the very.

First home study course it was still an audio cassette of all freaking things um he was teaching about laidback versus it was it was really it was just like a 10 or 15 minute segment um in the in the audio course and it just stuck with me as to how simple and and how literal some of these things like self-image and self-esteem and all those things and the authority dramas that we play in our head all go back to how we make the relative sizes of the imagery you know in our minds and and all the things that that. I other things. I probably added with that. But yeah.

I. I do have. I do have one follow-up question for you do the picture do those pictures get like because. I was.

So small when certain things happened and such a young child does that have anything to do with why those pictures are those sizes absolutely it can for sure okay. Yeah. Richard. I think.

I might have told this story once. Richard bandler used to tell a story about uh a client that he had once he was a big professional football player a guy who was like 65 68 something like that just a huge huge guy and you know. Richard will be sitting with this guy and the guy be talking about his relationship with his father and how he's terrified of his father and he's this big scary guy and blah blah blah blah blah and after going around for two or three sessions. Richard decides that you know what.

I think. I think we need to bring your dad in here and the football players like no. No. Please don't he's he's he's you know he's you know just no.

And and they went back and forth look. You bring your father in. I'm not seeing you anymore and the guy like okay. And.

So you know they set the appointment the guy brings his dad in and. Richard's expecting this you know seven foot you know. Hulk. Hogan [ __ ] right.

And. Then con this little scrawny dude the guy's like six foot five foot nothing right. And uh and. Richard's like.

WTF right. And. Then what and what's interesting was during the session when the guy went when the father went to sit down the son who would. Tower over his dad he would actually sit below the eye level of his dad he would actually like get on the like kneel down.

Next to the chair or or shrink down. So that the. Rel the the the external relationship matched his internal one and. So.

So much of how we view people uh remember that one of the. Prime directives of your autonomic nervous system your your true unconscious mind is to make your external reality match your internal one right. And that again you want to. S everything one of the.

Prime directives of the autonomic nervous system is to make your external system your external experience match your internal experience right. And and that's where a lot of this stuff comes from is early relationships. But there's also in my in my opinion a default mechanism about that's related to. Authority that when we when we find find oursel in a place um where we're not in control we're not in power everything in that environment is going to look.

Bigger. I used to encounter this all the time. I would go to martial arts seminar after martial arts seminar where. I didn't know people and.

I walk in and everybody's it felt like everybody was bigger than me like. I was the shrimp in the room. Then. I'd work with someone.

I'd find out. I was actually more skilled or better all of a sudden they'd shrink it's like all of a sudden. I was bigger than them the moment. I figured out that.

I had um you know. I was actually better at at this stuff than them or or whatever all of a sudden their proportions in my mind and in my my visual feel. I would actually feel and physically get smaller right. And.

So this is how. I began to realize that it's not really about the person out here it's about what we're what we're doing in here right. That makes sense. So makes perfect sense and.

Then when you add actual physical threat to a child too it probably just makes it more intense boom remember 4 to1 remember if nothing else 4:1 ratio 4:1 negative to positivity bias right. Yeah it all it all. Stacks up makes sense. But it's.

So interesting that you can you can take and move those pictures around and it will um you know reorganize that which is. So interesting yeah and. I think there's a lot more you can do with that. But the fact that that mechanism exists is exciting.

U which you're you're all you're you're. So far ahead of what the average human being knows about their own mind and body it's it's really kind of sad well it's sad and exciting at the same time right. Uh let's go in. I think.

Moss is on the phone. So we'll jump right. To. Karen hi.

David hey okay. It's a quick question about the face reading the ear. L the. First half of the.

Earl is if it's very very thin. So thin that you can see the veins what does it mean the veins yeah because it's the. First half on the top half of the. Earl is very when it's very very very thin what does it mean when it's very very thin th thing like a paper thing okay.

So usually what happens is when the when the earlobes are thin you're looking at a time uh in that person's life where there was a lot of scarcity things weren't there wasn't an abundance of. Love or resources or attention or whatever in the both ears well if it's both sides it could be all right. It could be the same thing at different ages or it could be a continuation from you know over a longer period of time okay. And what about is there aw in the face reading that uh if a person was born with a several natural abilities like heran cenan cians all this stuff like a very very gifted is there any way anywhere you can see the.

Facebook. That represents that you usually see it in or around the. Third eye. Third eye will be very open usually have it's be very bright.

It'll be a lot of times it'll be flat because it's open and when it's flat it means open sometimes yeah when there's a flatness to it right. Um or sometimes there'll be a little indentation. But that can also be you have to you have to you have to take it with a grain of salt because sometimes that can also be a jing u a jing depletion. But a lot of times there'll be like a little divot in the.

Third eye okay. It's really not again those are just things. I learned from million it's not cons there's people who are probably very very you know clear senent clear audience that their four their their. Third eye looks completely not that way.

I know okay. And uh or like in the forehead when is kind of more rounded it means it's creative right. More creative more imaginative water. So watery anything related to the water element they're going to have a little bit more of that.

So they're goingon to be a little bit more on the mystical side a little bit more on the creative imaginative side if the eyes. Are deep set that they're going to be a little bit more contemplative okay. And if it's like a flat diagonal kind of is diplomatic flat going forward or flat going like are you talking about like this going back or yes. Yeah other one other way they're gonna be a little bit more dtic they're going to be very fast thinkers um they're.

GNA be tend to be fast decision makers yeah. But see okay. Okay. So it's not necessary yeah fast thinkers.

So it's not necessary yeah there are some. I see some creativity. But the person is very diplomatic no. Forhead is very diplomacy is part is always what diplomacy is part of it yeah he's part of it what do you mean yes.

It's part of what you just described that particular feature yeah. So this why. I got confused if a person is diplomatic and uh there's some creativity on the person is there other places that. I can see the creativity because this one.

I thought was yeah and it is diploma the person is very diplomatic. But the is also also creative. So. I got confused you know.

I couldn't see the here's what. I have found with with this with with this particular stand is the person's a very fast thinker they can your feet they can they can follow conversations in a nonlinear way um because it to me that correlates very very strong with a um fluidity of thought trait in uh in handwriting analysis um. So that's kind of where. I see that kind of of creativity uh other types of creativity see in the forehead in terms of like the roundness of the forehead like a watery forehead uh how much fire they have fire is seen in the in the tips and the points of the face.

So if they're more elfike they'll tend to very creative. But a little bit more chaotic um if if there are more words sorryy uh there's different kinds of creativity. So yes. Uh um okay.

Yeah. So it looks like the. The. Diplomatic one and also the creativity he has the person has creativity like a for the words.

Fest sorry. So could you repeat again fluidity of thought. Diplomat diplomacy yeah yes. So.

So. I was thinking maybe one is rounded is more like a for crer for artistic sense would it be correct or it could be for sure you'd have to look. At a whole bunch of people with those brown foreheads and see what they have in common okay. Okay.

CLE okay. That's all my question thank you y clarine you're up hi uh well. I need help here because um um. I'm a coach and.

I work mostly with the single moms single moms okay. Yes. And uh to help them uh what. I say is pacify their memories and uh you know move on.

Okay. So well. I. I.

I think. I. I do a very good job of it and. I can motivate them being a single mom myself for about 22 years.

So. But recently. I've have come across some um some some roadblocks for myself. So.

I can help people motivate them help them achieve their goals and stuff like that. But for myself. I think. I'm.

I don't know for some reason for some reason. I can't um. I can't achieve my own goals for example recently in total. I've written about four books.

But. I've sat on them. I published just one and as. I've sat on all the rest.

I created courses all the content and everything available. But. I've. I've written four uh four sales pages.

But. I've not taken any steps to. Market them to. I mean.

I feel like something is holding me back. I don't know what something is holding you back and yes. I've. I've tried to work on myself at this point.

I don't know. I was thinking maybe. I need something to brainwash me to be able to be more motivated than you know and actually put everything that they have out there. So um.

First of all is it okay. To to to put these things out into the world. I feel. So.

I think. So and to the people who have read those books you know. I've sent it to people to to read to review they're very positive reviews. I mean they're.

So enthusiastic about it. But. I myself. I keep changing things judging things modifying restructuring you name it.

So yeah. So let me ask you this is it okay. To change that feeling yes. It is is there any reason why you might want to keep it that's a yes.

Close your eyes. When you think about that reason notice there's a place in your body where that feeling starts where it grows where it spreads from take a moment point to where you feel it. First impression that's right. And.

I'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to that feeling and the reasons behind those feelings what color colors would that be for you orange that's right. Now if there were a picture floating in the space around you clarine that represented that orange color a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it go ahead and reach out to touch it excellent now trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is and let's just excellent. So grab the edges of it now.

I want you to lift it up over your head move it out in front of you now let's make sure we've got the right. One make the picture bigger tell me what happens to the feeling in color in your throat it get stronger or weaker stronger yes. Okay. Let's bring it let's make it small make the picture smaller tell me what happens to the feeling in your throat is get stronger or weaker not strong yes.

Okay. Perfect now want you to use that amazing imagination of yours that. I know you have want you to put a big thick frame a big black frame or whatever color represents neutralization and safety to you once you put it make it the make the frame bigger than the picture now you're probably too young to remember when televisions have real dials and knobs and switches instead of touchscreens and remote controls. But.

I want you to feel along the base of that flame that frame clearing you're going to feel some dials or knobs like on an old style television. I want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast when you find that knob turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely and notice how that makes you feel and when you've done that after you've done that turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely and notice how that makes you feel and. Then all.

I want you to is tell me which one you like better. First impression which one's better don't overthink it just go is there a different color that would make make it better this screen is blue okay. Go ahead and find the knob that makes it blue turn it all the way till it's as blue as it can possibly be and. Then.

I want to take want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and on that blued out screen in glowing letters. I want you to write there were some lessons connected to that orange color that you've been holding on to that have been keeping you from doing what you want to do. I want you to write those lessons on the screen and glowing letters. So you can keep all of the lessons and let everything else go now as you start writing clearing.

I'm going to keep talking and you just keep writing some people know exactly what those lessons are and they just blast them right. On that screen some people have no. Conscious idea what those lessons are. But the part of them that created this block or this issue or this this package in the.

First place that part always knows. So let that part. Express itself through that finger on that blued out screen now the screen will scroll like a tablet. Scrolls or a tablet software scroll.

So you have an infinite unlimited writing space. I want you to let all that information flow out of your mind out of your body onto that screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people draw pictures some people draw squiggles every now and. Then you get someone who's really angry and they just start writing fu fu fu on the screen some people write with both hands at the same time like they're writing.

Chinese in. Hebrew at the same time. However your body does it. However it wants to express itself just let that finger flow let those lessons go.

So you can keep only the lessons and let everything else go when you just keep going if feelings and emotions come up claring put them on the screen two when you know you're done and only when you know you're done you just nod your head let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process again get it all doing great keep going when in doubt write it out [Music] exellent reach up shrink that frame down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller and. Claren. I want you to notice how the feelings in your mind body and soul begin to shift and change change as your other than conscious mind grabs a hold of that little tiny stamp begins to move it up over the top of your head and back back.

Beyond the. Horizon until it disappears completely and. I'm sure you know the sound a hammer makes when you're bang. When.

It's banging in a nail. I want you to hear it nailed back there for all eternity impossible come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible come back test it clarine try to bring it back and notice what happens [Music] instead when you're done testing scan your body notice how different you feel tell me what's changed. I don't feel. I don't feel anything in my throat anymore.

But my heart is warm is that a good thing yes. All right. So well done. Bravo love.

Bravo thank you you're very welcome that's what we do all right. Let me unpin you and let's move on to. Christina lady. Christina.

Sutton you're up. Christine going once. Christine going twice do we. Christine three times all right.

Let's go to. Moss who co-opted my co-host position okay. Moss is doing business for. Planet.

David. So we're gonna go ahead and do open uh open. Forum we're going to take uh we got about. I'll give it another 20 minutes or.

So what other uh anybody have any other questions they want to ask or whatever. I do. I don't know if. Jackson feather did as well things are going.

But um uh. So if you were doing uh. I've never been good at letting letting go of shall we say letting go of the ideal something that uh you wanted to have. But um like for instance say there's somebody you wanted to date they didn't want to date you or maybe they even did want to date you.

But you found out they were an [ __ ] and that's not what you thought they were sces would you use to uh mourn the loss of that ideal in order to be able to let it go to mourn the loss of that idea or or is there a better way to get rid of it or to uh let go of it my. First impression is start with identity by. Design and and uh the transformational. Triad and.

Then move through the regression protocols uh and what specifically comes up is chair therapy okay. Can you be more specific uh well you know what. I mean when. I say chair therapy right.

In general yes. So uh one of the things remember that when we create an an ideal what we've created is an expectation right. It's not that person's fault it's ours we created the expectation right. So we're mad at them for not living up to our expectation.

So we need to dialogue with the part of us that created that expectation and re and re reprocess it right. It's not a person it's a dream that we wanted to have what who would we put in the other chair you or whoever taught you that ideal in the. First place. But.

First. I would. I would do it in a non-directive way. I would say there's a per there's a there's a reason.

I've had these feelings um how young was. I when. I. First had these feelings who was it with who taught me these feelings they're going to be in that chair one two three and boom and you put the spirit body of the person uh in the chair and you talk to that that.

Avatar and you work through it just like normal chair therapy until you can get some kind of level of forgiveness and resolution okay. But it might be it might be as simple as just using the transformational. Triad right. We tend to think that because these things are deep and they're old that we need the the nuclear options or what what seem like these very long intense processes when all we need to do is ask the right.

Questions. So instead of writing down the lessons maybe if you're you could write down the expectations or something. I'm trying to think how to adapt it what is it you want instead well what if you can't get what you want that's what you're coming to terms with okay. If you can't get what you want is it because you don't have the skill because it doesn't exist is it because your your your way of going about it is too narrow what's the reason you can't get it because to age like the age to be able to have it is pasted.

I would start with framing it okay. I would start with framing it and. Then based on what happens during the frame what what what insights you get from it. I would let that guide where.

I go. Next okay. I'm betting 90 99% of what you need if not all of it is going to come from some form of holics or regression okay. Yeah than all right.

Anybody else uh ja you're up well. I'm not sure if. I've talk to you about this before. But when you took.

Us through that uh cabala meditation a long time ago was about two years ago um that was a really open free space for me it was amazing um. I'm trying to do what this guy suggested unbox yourself how do. I do that how do. I how do.

I open myself up. I had an incredible experience here a while back um meditating and. I haven't been able to achieve it again. I need to go back to that.

Mantra too. I haven't done that. But in my meditations. I just.

I want to grow. I want to expand and move. Beyond. I mean.

I've my whole life. I've been been able to sit there and my body just takes off without me or my mind spirit and. I go through incredible events and and see things that are accurate as hell. But.

I can't experience that consciously. I can't uh. I can't seem to go into it with that being the outcome. I.

I do. But. I don't get that far well my intuition is that you've been doing it in a way that's not really systematic okay. Probably yeah the vast majority of people who.

I are having these experiences they're doing it largely because they came in with those switches flipped on which is why sometimes they can do it and sometimes they can't there is train there are training processes and systems in place to move people through these different levels um and those take work and. But the reason they were kept secret is because if you have access to those teachings and you actually do the teachings everybody can do it right. As time most people don't have access to that. So they they get a piece here and a piece there.

But it's halfhazard at best plus they don't know what the what that terrain or that landscape looks like and. So many times they take a wrong turn or they misinterpret a phenomena that's generated um and they don't understand the negative aspects of it or the the. Peaks and valleys of that that progression right. Uh and that's what a lot of this.

But the biggest thing. I see when people have a a a very. Transcendent experience take with you right. When people have these.

Transcendent experiences and. Then they revisit the meditation and they try to go back one of the most powerful things that holds them back is the previous experience what. I mean by that is they're they're trying. So hard to get back to that experience that they're blocking themselves from anything else part of the reason is a form of hypnotist disease because or or smart person syndrome because there's a part of us that remember remembers the previous experience and is evaluating the current experience in this at the same time you're trying to have in other words you're trying to go backwards and you can't every meditation you gotta understand that every every time you go into a meditation you're a different person and.

So your manifestations will be different right. And. So the worst thing you can do for yourself is go into a meditation process and try to make it like the. Last one okay.

I um yeah. I've been doing this another form it's another form of holding on right. Another form of what holding on attachment. So just relax and and let things whatever you get yeah whatever you get is what you get allow yourself to just be fully present fully absorbed in the process and it goes where it goes and you'll you'll you'll start to notice as you go deeper and deeper and you your your practice starts to become more systematic that there will be.

Peaks and valleys in in your progress right. Um and you'll start to notice like one of the things seu. Johnson also says that when as you you'll go through these. Val these peaks in your meditative process and.

Then it'll start to diminish and it'll diminish and it'll diminish and and it's like you're trying harder harder you're getting slow you're getting further it's almost like the faster you go the more behinder you get right. And what you discover is those are the moments that are leading up to your. Next ego death. But if people don't realize that they get frustrated they don't they they they want to quit they think what they're doing is not working.

So they start doing something else they don't realize that if they just stay the course and keep going they'll pass through that. Veil and the. Next the. Next sequence the.

Next phase in that that process and they'll be more. Transcendent and have more light than before. But if you don't recognize that that's the way the pattern. Works uh on top of everything else um it's it's it's tough right.

And and. So that's the thing is one of the things. I've seen is that the most profound changes come from just doing the same thing until you change. But most people don't go ahead uh.

I yeah. I've been noticing uh in my meditation more white light and uh. I see some crazy stuff in my meditation is that normal. I mean uh flames and fire and water and.

I mean is it normal to see this stuff. I don't know that it's abnormal okay. I've learned to accept whatever. I see is what.

I'm supposed to see a lot of times what. I see is. I don't understand what. I see or.

I don't or. I think. I know what what. I'm seeing and.

Then. I time out that there's another reason why. I'm seeing it you know uh my teacher used to talk about um one of his colleagues who would go into this med he was a a. Jesuit priest and for 20 years he would go he would he would go into his meditation and he'd get outside of his body and as he was going to get outside of his body there would be this gigantic spider in the astral plane waiting for him and every time you see it would terrify him and he would just bounce back into his body for 20 years this went on and.

Then one day he he was meditating and he moved up out of his body and he saw the spider there and he's like if a. Jesuit priest could say this [ __ ] it and he's like whatever's going to happen is going to happen right. And the spider jumped on him and started biting him and it started you know just biting him all over the place and stuff like that and the. Next thing you know he's surrounded by.

This brilliant white light and he's standing in front of his guides or in front of his higher teachers and go and his teachers are going took. You long enough because that that was one of his guys he was he was waiting there to to sever all these cord and connections. So he could. R.

Us to the. Next level in his process. But because he saw a spider and automatically thought ah right. Back into his body right.

So a lot of times what we encounter in these these. Altered. States it's it's it's not what we think and it's not until you face those those challenges and those rubicons that you'll act you'll qualify for the. Next level and this is something that you all of you who are are endeavoring to become more psychic or or more spiritually aware or empowered or whatever it is whatever words you want to put to it you got to understand nothing's free yeah and you know you hear me say this all the time always be testing the universe is always testing you.

But it's not a it's not a punitive thing you know the way my my teacher used to put it everything it's very fair because all your higher your your old your higher brothers and sisters all the people up there who are your guides and your teachers they had to do it too they had to do it too that's how they got there right. And. So you're going to be challenged you're going to be tested you're gonna be confronted with all the things you don't want to look. At all the things that make you want to run you're.

G to be like oh it's too hard. I it's not why is it have to be this way the world is trying to punish me it's there no. You're here to refine your spirit and this is the process right. Some of us have things that we can we physical issues that we need to overcome in this world sometimes we're not meant to overcome them physically in this world sometimes we're meant to experience them.

So we know what it's like to have that because in another. Incarnation we were on the other side of that. I get that right. But it's not and this is the important thing it's not it's not cruelty it's not punishment it's it's teaching right.

Right. But the. Consciousness that you bring to these these experiences will dramatically impact your behaviors and the belief systems that you you strengthen and that'll determine the. Consciousness that you move through the world in right.

And and. So again. But. But in your case the thing to understand is persecution a test absolutely um yeah well that's you know that's where my craving for red and fire came along was in my meditations and uh even now you know.

I crave red. Foods. I crave the color red. I want to wear it.

I don't have any. But you know it's like this thing with fire um and speaking of spiders. I used to be terrified of spiders. I still don't like handling them.

But they are the only insect that comes in my house. I won't get rid of um partly because. Native. Americans believe spiders are good luck and a lot of places um and they do they're they're.

I feel like they're really good luck. I. I love having them here because they help keep rid of everything else. But it also um it's also a way of me knowing that my fear is going away and the way my house is right.

Now. I got a whole bunch of house pets all right. Christine you're up okay. Can you hear me.

I can hear you wonderful okay. Last week. I. I sponsored and did um.

Hypno. Practice that's what. I'm calling it and we went round and round trying to figure out. W you know water fire water or.

Earth. Dam's water fire energizes earth and and. I think we were arguing from different for perspectives from. Japanese to.

Chinese to the different different different different uh different um teachings on this are different ways because. I think. I think you know what. I mean and and trying to equate what is air air is suppos is air aasha or is or is air air supposed to be aasha and also supposed to be metal because they say it's it it has to do with the lungs.

So we were all all over the place trying to figure out this can you put some insight into that sure they're both yeah one of the things you're going to find that's going to be very complicated and frustrating is that every tradition even even different monasteries within that tradition will often have different references. So the the two that screw people up the most um are are wood and aasha and metal and air right. In in the. Japanese or the uh systems in the.

Chinese the classical. Chinese medicine systems um metal and air are pretty much and. I should. I.

I have to be very clear. I have to be very careful here um because the metal element is primarily a product of. Chinese medicine and it's most often equated with um with the air element. But in some the more um dowst.

Traditions the metal element is actually associated with the void or the or the. Dow uh and. So if you're getting into some of the more deep very very old systems there will often be a little bit more confusion there for all intents and purposes the things. I'm teaching you and the way.

I'm training you the the the associations you want to use are um fire metal earth water wood and um in some systems the wood element is equates to the void um in other systems it's it's the metal element that equates to the void um. I would keep it simple and go with the the the one. I've been teaching for years um even though. I'm learning the other one right.

Now in the. Chinese. Medical chiong and stuff like that um it's they actually still use both it's kind of it's kind of weird uh depending on whether you're talking about the body or whether you're talking about more of the the energy or. Spirit bodies it gets a little bit more things things tend to metal becomes more and more void or or da or wuji oriented uh the deeper into the mystical.

Traditions you get whereas with the with the medical. Traditions um it's pretty it's pretty solid uh that metal is equivalent to the lungs which is equivalent to air. Uh. Wood is equivalent to what we would well there is there it's only wood.

I want to huh to fire wood no. No. No. Wood is wood is on its own wood is you know fire is is is that.

So um yeah. But fire would you would you go through also go through the you know the what you say. I know wood or. Fire.

Burns wood okay. Let me write. I'll write it down and you guys can take a screenshot of it because if you just try to listen to it. I guarantee you're going to you're going to is.

So. I already. I've already written down because. I knew this question was coming.

I've already written down the creation cycle. So now. I'm going to give you the controlling cycle okay. So there are a couple different.

Cycles depending oh there's many cycles and that's again it'll screw you up if you if you don't understand that again we haven't really taught you guys. Chinese medicine. So well. I.

I think this is why we were. So lost in trying to uh figure this out because we went on probably for at least a half an hour trying to figure out well if all you want to know is the. Cycles that's easy compared to that. So this is this is how it works out okay.

Okay. And again this this is this is a functional other systems will have slight again the. Tibetan systems will have slightly different things some of the. Japanese systems.

But this is functionally what how it plays out and you have the creation cycle where one element strengthens one element. So wood feeds fire fire feeds. Earth. Earth feeds metal metal feeds water and the controlling cycle fire melts metal metal.

Cuts wood wood breaks up. Earth and. Earth. Dam's water okay.

That makes much more sense thank you because we we were doing we were doing all that all that uh arguing because we we've heard that before. But we weren't able to do that. So concisely because we kept on getting lost in the sauce yeah uh let's do this real quick umum. Earth metal and.

Finally water water thank you right. Yep. So if we take. I'm just going to put these in uh in sequence here you guys still can you guys still see my screen yes.

Okay. So the way this works creation cycle fire metal wood feeds fire fire feeds. Earth. Earth feeds water.

I'm sorry. Earth feeds metal metal feeds water water feeds wood wood kills fire or uh wood breaks up. Earth. Earth dams water water puts out fire fire melts metal metal.

Cuts wood and look. What you have yeah that's you have a pentagram yeah okay. Does a pentagram have anything to do with anything or is that just stay well it's pretty interesting that that both the eastern and western. Traditions view um the pentagram as a protection symbol and it symbolizes.

Harmony and balance within the elements oh okay. Because they do balance each other yep okay. Um. Karen you're up that'll be mandar he.

D yes. A quick question um if a person ask a phone for a phone number how do you politely say no. Uh say hey how about. I give you my email and we continue the conversation that way if they don't want it just say.

I don't feel comfortable giving my phone number out right. Now is that okay. Okay. Okay.

Sounds good okay. Thank you y uh. M you're up. So in term terms of um.

I actually went on this rabbit hole with your back with your explanation to. JX and the universe is always testing you and it's not always punitive. So according to my teachings the new teachings. I have it's never punitive it's always educational.

TR to teach you something okay. And. So. I know.

I'm doing is that doing a cause and effect thing to is that the reason why we should also test um our our uh experiences our other people and um our abilities because the universe is testing us. I think. So. I think testing everything is a good is a good way to go.

I'm. I'm not a big no. Pun intended. I'm not a big believer in faith no.

And. I'm. I think. I'm also getting there.

I mean uh especially going through all of your trainings. I mean it's challenged more most of the things that. I was indoctrinated with and unfortunately our filters our male filters are extremely different than female filters big time um and. Then.

I didn't know that. I was was looking at seeking and filtering people in even at work based on my own projections and that's what also. I learned at your school. So.

So yes. I'm a big proponent proponent of. ABT always be testing. Amen brother give me an amen amen all right.

Good all right. Anybody else. Moss you still oh. Big.

Dave raised his hand go ahead. Dave that was really a uh very awesome explanation of the five elements of cutting and just the. Simplicity of it because we were looking at it over the weekend and and. I was looking at it and.

I was seeing all these sort of connections of wow oh it makes sense how this would nourish this and how this would destroy this and. MH we were still we were mostly confused. I think about um that it wood and metal were being called air and space and we were confused and. I don't know um.

But. I had known it as the fire earth metal waterwood whatever you just said. So uh anyhow um. So that was really cool and it's interesting how on the on the diagram it's always jumps one like how it's it's always the exact same thing for the controlling versus the nourishing one you also you also have uh you have other patterns you get like you have um the creation cyclist known as.

Mother's. Son um. Then you have the controlling s you also have uh grand grandfather grandson which is it's counteracting cycle where the the elements actually flow backwards trust me there's patterns upon patterns upon patterns and that's again. I spent $100,000 foring that [ __ ].

I better know it. So you mean through your acupuncture training yeah well actually. I learned it before. I went to acupun the reason.

I went to. Acupuncture school was because. I had to learn it for my martial arts. I learned how to tap people using the create the destruction cycle to put them to sleep and.

Then. I wanted to get better. So. I went to.

Acupuncture school to learn how to hurt people better. But because of my because. I'd spent like five six years 10 years. However long it was doing this stuff martially when.

I got to. Acupuncture school. I was like. I could sleep through my classes because.

I knew it all. But go. I didn't sleep in my class. But.

I could have fact. I'm probably the only acupuncture student who actually has live video footage of his acupuncture classes while. I'm being taught. I still have them in my archive that's.

So you how rabbit of video. I am. H um. So one thing that came up was when we were discussing the nourishing um it was brought up why would you look.

To harness the nourishing or the controlling side to influence another element when you could just basically try to harness the element itself. So um if you wanted to uh increase. Earth element. Then you could basically harness fire and.

Then fire would would nourish. Earth basically as far as be a classic. Mother. Sun process yeah.

So. Then. But. Then what came up was why wouldn't you just harness.

Earth as opposed to harnessing fire to nourish. Earth um you could you can do that as well. So really all three are valid basically again it depends on your treatment protocol some people um will just um tonify. Earth the problem though is if if your.

Earth is weak and you start to tonify it it's going to pull more energy from fire and if the and if the fire if the. Earth is weak it's possible that the fire is weak if you start giving you tonifying the. Earth you're going to suck more energy from the fire element that can create more problems it's an interactive system you gotta plummet yeah see that's the thing is once. I started looking at it and seeing all the connections.

Then. I was thinking okay. Well. Then nourishing fire would.

Then would or yeah harnessing fire whatever. However you want to say it would. Then nourish. Earth.

But. Then it's like okay. But. Then maybe you need to dampen fire.

So. Then you. So it's like this constant thing if you want to get. Earth might the.

Earth might be weak because. Metal's taking too much. So all all you in that case all you'd have to do is sedate the metal element and fire would get stronger or. Earth would get stronger because it's not getting sucked the life sucked out of it anymore which was the one that sedates metal what sedates metal yeah wood not fire fire um melts metal.

So. So if you think about it now that's the same thing if. Earth is weak right. Then it because a the fire is too strong or or not strong enough or the metal is too weak what's the common.

Metal's too strong you mean yeah. Metal's too strong and it's pulling too much energy from fire. So what's the common denominator what will simultaneously make earth stronger and metal weaker than you fire strong fire and the system balances boom huh. So.

But. Then um one thing. I was a little bit confused about because like what because. I've looked into this a little bit nutritionally and.

I was a bit lost. But as. I've kind of increased my understanding and actually. I didn't really realize that this was going to happen.

But starting to look. At the face reading stuff um. I am developing a greater understanding of the five elements. So.

Then all of a sudden it's it's like oh okay. Because now you've got like sort of the personality element of it and sort of seeing that stuff it just is clear to me um. But like. Then the thing is.

I noticed that in eating it's like. I have some sort of an issue with spicy foods where like if. I eat too much of them. I get headaches even though.

I love eating them um is what it seems. But. I noticed that when. I eat spicy foods.

I have way stronger digestion. So it's like if. I eat the spicy foods. I strengthen my digestion.

So. I always thought of that as strengthening fire um not necessarily no. But is how how should we look. At it in terms of like if.

Earth is weak let's say. But. Then if the person gets angry at certain stuff wouldn't them getting angry at stuff imply fire or anger is on almost always a wood issue anger is a wood issue okay. Interesting okay.

So all right. Well. I'll use that all to continue increasing my understanding on it that's very helpful um quick random thing that uh came up too was you mentioned um. Thunder magic before and.

I was just curious what what is thunder magic it's shooting. Thunderbolts out of your hands and killing demons under magic interests me. I suppose it's it's really cool it's after after lightning came down and struck my neighbor's house and. Then my dog walked and uh which by the way.

I could like show a video to be honest. But the dog is quite literally like borderline jogging and we're going on short walks go boy way to go keep yeah. So excellent mind blown film at 11 all right. Right.

Thanks man you're welcome my friend all right. Uh. I see. Teresa's here.

Teresa you have any questions before we adjourn for the rest of uh our time all right. Last call. Moss you still on the phone all right. You got a question or are you just hanging well.

I guess for you from a. So step outside because. I can hear the. Echo and it's like.

Miss breaking my brain my door too yeah it's like breaking my brain a little bit boss is literally downstairs working in the office. So from a clinical perspective right. You can see my bookshelf my my real bookshelf behind him there that's that's a mini bookshelf the real bookshelf's over there um yeah from a clinical perspective right. Um.

I was doing a session earlier which was went really well and you know like a lot of the time like the intuition. Pops in hey like do this you know whatever from all the tools or little tweaks whatever else. So when you're when you've got into advanced work with people and you're kind of doing more in-depth stuff with someone you're seeing more than once as a client do you still tend to default start with like transformational. Triad and and build out or is it kind of depending on what you're sensing and what what you've been working towards with that person um it's largely uh once.

I've gotten. I've done four. Magic. Bullets safe place induction.

I'll do basic there's a feeling you've been having a feeling you want to change uh. I'll start with gent negativity clearing back in the day. I would go in the gry room and. Then.

I would just. I would just pyramid off of whatever. I found in the gry room. Later years.

I. I stopped doing gry room. So much and. I just went right.

Through safe place induction and modified uh universal solvent and. Then. I would say there's a feeling you've been having a feeling you want to change feeling that has everything to do with why you're here today there's a place in your body where that feeling stored point to where you feel it and. Then turn it into a color and.

Then depending on what. I'm going after. I'll start with a superficial intervention and. Then.

I'll just go deeper cool yeah. I mean that's pretty much how. I start most of the time too and. Then that's what.

I was kind of curious. So you'll start with something like as simple as resolution frequency generator or just like spinning or whatever and. Then if. I can get if.

I can if. I can get it with a super with a with a. I want. I don't want to call it a low-level technique.

But a. A noninvasive or a non or a blind technique and just nuke it there. I will. But if it's something that's that's long term.

I'm almost 90 you know. I. I know going in that. I'm probably gonna wind up unpacking and attacking.

But. I. I'll start with something relatively superficial. So usually.

R. A usually r a level three uh omic. U intera technique uh okay. Yeah that makes that makes sense that's what.

I was kind of just just wondering about because. I've been going back and forth with it you know just using all the different tools interchangeably and yeah yeah. I was just curious how you approach that okay. Thank you you're welcome all right.

Folks well. I hope you guys enjoyed the show um. I did not stream this one to. YouTube.

So have to upload it separately. So once. Zuma is done rendering it. I'll upload it to the channel um and uh you guys will be able to go back and review it all right.

Have a happy. Friday uh we'll see you guys uh let's see when are we gonna see you guys again um. I don't know for those of you coming to uh the. DST energetic makeup uh.

Next week. I'll see you there good night. God bless take care guys thanks d.
