Title: JzlPKiiCDN8.txt
Video Id: JzlPKiiCDN8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzlPKiiCDN8

Okay. So let's go back to this voice idea again. So we know now that the voices we have we didn't we didn't create them consciously and we certainly didn't necessarily want them. But we do want to please our parents and when we're little kids we're all unconscious and what does the unconscious might want to do it wants to please its accept before in a judgments a [ __ ] for feedback and who does it want to please it pleases the parents.

So it takes the behaviors the parents have modeled and internalizes them and all of a sudden this voice starts running our life. But the voice is changeable you built it you can change it okay. So. First and foremost let's close our eyes.

And notice there's a place in our body where that voice the feelings connected to that voice the mechanism that runs that voice is located. I want you to go ahead and point to where that is. I want you to grab it and just for fun take it out and hold it in your hands listen to it make sure it's the right. Voice now move it to the exact opposite side of your body put it in what happened it's it's cherry there's always one what just happened for the most of you what happened ona became silent yeah what the [ __ ] remember that proprioceptive grid around you everything has meaning right.

So. I just wanted to give you that experience right. There everything about you is changeable the only variable is time the only variable is time. But we're gonna do something a little bit different we're gonna go a little bit beyond that whole idea okay.

If there was it since your autonomic nervous system is the part of you that created that voice. Anyway and it knew exactly how it did it true or not true right. Now if there's a feeling or that voice you used to have the one we just moved if it's in stereo just do it twice all right. But there's a color connected to that voice what color would that be.

First impression now if your autonomic nervous system your higher-self whatever. God the. University or whatever powers that be within your life are most powerful for you knew exactly when you created it how you created it what mechanisms were involved and could send you a color a feeling of vibration and energy that would completely dissolve the mechanism behind that voice and allow space for something better what color would your system send you and not in a big ball that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that big ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of empowerment of release of relief a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protect you from all negative voices real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything you most want and everything you most need in an infinite ever-expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe that magical color through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you that should do that make sure you take an extra blast of supercharged energy and flow it through that area where that voice used to be and notice what happens that's right. Now imagine you could float up out of your body and move back in time back to the womb back to before your very. First memory maybe to that moment when you were just a cell getting ready to embark on a great adventure and what if you could just imagine flowing into that one cell with all of the knowledge all the wisdom all the understandings that you've created merge into that cell and teach that little cell everything it's ever gonna need to know everything it's ever gonna need to feel to believe to experience to understand to know what you know intuitively as that cell multiplies feel breathe the colors that you've acquired on your journey in this life through that little baby cell and notice what happens especially the one that connected to that voice an energy that inoculates immunizes strengthens you gives you the understanding you didn't have in that other life and when you know you've got that go on a little journey feel the transformations in your body amplify and multiply us one little baby cell becomes two little baby cells those two little baby cells double the force and the power and the energy and the understanding and the strength and the ability to choose what to take in what to listen to and what to discard and ignore two cells become four four cells become eight eight cells become sixteen feel it growing feel the form of you coming into being as eight cells become sixteen sixteen become thirty-two thirty-two becomes 64 multiplying amplifying building up that reservoir that stockpile that unimaginable infinite ability to choose to change to understand differently now and you may notice a new voice a better voice starting to grow a voice of absolute trust a voice that loves you a voice that wants only the very best things for you the voice is strength of comfort of protection of wisdom of understanding a voice that gives really good advice and you may begin to notices those cells begin to multiply and grow a sense of wherever you go whatever you do this voice a voice of love will always be with you minding you telling you teaching you things telling you the best perspectives to take on any situation or circumstance that you encounter as those cells continue to multiply listen to that voice now you know when.

I was growing up. I had one of those other voices and it took. A special person to teach me to mentor me to show me things that were really true a mentor who gave me the best advice with no. Agenda other than love to help mean become the very best version.

I could myself that. I could be and after going through certain processors certain understandings certain experiences. I now have a voice like that a voice of absolute trust peace protection and you may notice as those cells and the power within them begins to multiply that that voice may start to pull in aspects of other voices you've encountered in your life voices of people who took. A real interest in you took.

The time to mentor you to guide you to love you unconditionally to teach you and show you things that were really really true and. I want you to become aware. I'd like you to become aware if you can of how the quality and the richness of that voice grows reminding you as those cells continue to multiply several important pieces pieces that you must always be aware of that no. Matter where you go no.

Matter what you do no. Matter what life hands you no. Matter who comes into your life or who goes out some that's people do good things and sometimes not. So good things this voice will remind you keep you safe teach you the best perspectives about things remind you of all the very best things about you in a voice that you can always trust a voice that you can always believe a voice that speaks ten times louder than any other voice that drowns out every other voice.

So that. First long as your hot little heart continues to beat and your little lungs continue to breathe this voice will go with you reminding you that you're always loved protect did accepted forgiven for all wrongs real or imagined and you're never ever ever alone and when you take a moment or two in this growing space to listen to understand to let this new voice take root deep inside in every cell like a little speaker reminding you. I'm here you got this you're always good enough just take a moment as those cells within you begin to multiply and grow and empower feeding you telling you all the things you most need to hear. But you needed to hear in those critical moments that would have made all of a difference and grow hundreds of cells becoming thousands of cells thousands of cells becoming tens of thousands and this voice growing louder and stronger within you reminding you over and over again they're always good enough people will do good things in your life and sometimes people will not do some things in your life that you like people will come into your life people will go out.

But no. Matter where you go no. Matter what you do no. Matter what life hands you that voice says.

I will always be here for you to hold your hand when there's nobody else to hold your hand to give you that hug you need when you need it the most to remind you of all the very best things about you in a voice that you can always trust a voice that you can always believe a voice that speaks ten times louder than any other voice that drowns out every other voice. So that for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe when you stop and listen inside you'll hear this voice telling you all those important things the best perspectives to take how to approach it sing. I'll avoid that go do that go for it you deserve it you own this you're always good enough. So take another few moments and listen more thoughtfully to that voice while.

I remain quiet for a while and receive the messages that this new voice your voice has to share let it take root in the place where that old voice tried to be feel it take root feel it grow maybe it moves into your heart and it begins to radiate throughout your entire being. But if you really listen you'll notice it doesn't just come from that one place because it's in every part of you reminding you teaching you keeping you safe and inspiring you for all the right. Reasons reminding you you got this that you're always loved you're always protected accepted forgiving for all wrongs real or imagined which are always good enough and you never ever ever alone that's right. And.

I'd like you to notice when you listen to that voice ended here and you feel it vibrating and resonating inside of you that there's a place in your body where that feeling is the strongest where it grows where it spreads from point to where you feel that and notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to that amazing experience breathe that color through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it. So fully and. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to bring back that other voice notice what happens instead that's right.

And at some point in that amazing growth period where all of those cells are multiplying amplifying and you've become fully formed within that voice at some point comes the moment where it's time to enter a brave new world in that moment of birth and you pass through that opening bringing all of this with you through that. First day and the voice is there comfort again explaining to you helping you to understand and see the world properly in day 2 the voice grows stronger more soothing more comforting more empowering more liberating because you realize you're on an adventure and wherever you go and whatever you do this voice will go with you through day three and four and five only growing stronger and six seven and. Then a week goes by two weeks and the feeling gets stronger the voice rose louder a month one month becomes to two months become for four months become eight and. Then a year one year becomes tooth's picking up speed.

But every moment of every day this voice teaches you explains things to you notice how as you move through the years of your life with this voice guiding you telling you what to do telling you what's coming and how to get it better make it better you're too and three and four and maybe every now and. Then with this voice by your side inside and out listening and teaching him you stop you turn around you look. Back and you look. At the amazing life you've led because this voice was there for you to guide you and love you 1,000% to teach you all the things you needed to know in that moment to hold your hand.

I'll give you that hug to remind you of all the very best things about you reminding you that you're always good enough you're never alone allow yourself to move through the years of your life as rapidly and as fully as comfortable with this voice guiding you teaching you inspiring motivating you protecting you and necessary inspiring you always and listen and listen and listen again because no. Matter where you go no. Matter what you do no. Matter who comes into your life and who leaves no.

Matter what good things people do and they're not. So good things they do this voice will stay with you reminding you all the very best things about you in a voice that you can always trust a voice that you can always believe a voice that speaks ten times louder than any other voice. But you're always putting up there always loved accept it protect it forgiven for all wrongs real or imagined and you're never ever move forward through life with this voice at the rate and speed that's comfortable for you when you get to the present moment back here to the room bringing that voice with you impossible to turn off drowning out every other voice just nod your head to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of that process wonderful naturally as a group everybody moves at their own rate and speed and that's perfectly fine because as long as your neurology can hear my voice you can follow along and just for fun once you reach this present moment imagine you could move forward seven more days into the future seven days from.

March 6 2020 with this voice inside of you teaching you and advising you reorganizing everything about the way you see yourself the world and everyone in it for all the right. Reasons when you get to that 7 day mark take a look. Around notice what that's like notice what you've become how you've changed and notice there's a place in your body for that new used and the resources that have allowed you to become that person are stored where they grow where they spread from point to where you feeling and there's a color maybe a series of colors connected to those amazing qualities and characteristics and attributes what color is it for you breathe it through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it and my friends. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to go back to that old way of being notice what happens instead that's right. When you know you've got that take all those amazing powers and colors connected to them move forward through time 30 more days a complete one month in 7 days from. March 6 2020 flow into that future you see the world through those eyes.

Hear the world through those ears smell and taste and feel the world through that mind body and soul alive with those transformations and listen guiding you making you even better in a wonderful way an empowering way a way that allows you to be the very best version of the you you want to be reminding you that no. Matter where you go no. Matter what you do no. Matter what life hands you you're always good enough that you are always loved protected accepted forgiven for all wrongs real or imagined and you're never ever ever alone when you reach that 37 day mark live a few weeks in that life we have a couple of weeks in that life and notice what that's like and notice that there's a place in your body were the attributes and the qualities and the understandings that allows you to manifest this amazing new reality for yourself are stored where they grow and where they spread from point to where you feel that and notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings qualities and characteristics breed those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even ya when you recognize the truth that it's there forever tested try to make it go away try to make somebody else make it go away and notice what happens instead that's right. One more time float up take all of those qualities characteristics and colors with you float six more months into the future a complete seven months and seven days from.

March 6 2020 flow into that best version of you seven months and seven days from today see the world through those eyes. Hear the world through those ears smell and taste and feel the world through a mind body and soul alive with transformation vibrating resonating with the power of this voice billions upon billions of the same voice telling you the same thing you got this you are always good enough you are always loved except it protected forgiven for all wrongs real or imagined and you're never ever ever all that the truth of those words and the love and the certainty within it reach the very deepest most subtle levels most powerful levels of your being let it take root like the seeds of a giant sequoia redwood tree and feel it grow within you feel that truth becoming the truth your truth impervious to anything to the contrary you're always loved you're always good enough if you could turn around look. Back at the youngest versions of yourself from that perspective as you look. Back on those younger versions of you on this amazing journey what do you know now those younger versions didn't know what wisdom have you gained and if you could reach back through the wormhole time-space teach all those younger years everything they would ever need to know to feel to believe to experience to understand to be as amazing in their time or better as you are seven months and seven days from.

March 6 2020 and when you know what that would be open your arms big and wide and beckon all those younger used to fly forward through the wormhole of time and space into your waiting arms hold them to your heart and in that voice whisper in their ear everything they're ever gonna need to know to feel to believe to experience to understand to be as amazing and unstoppable in their time as you are seven months and seven days from. March 6 2020 and let the truth of those words reach the very deepest most important levels of their minds and bodies and souls and through it all the truth rings out you're always loved they're always good enough you're protected accepted forgiven for all wrongs real or imagined and you're never ever ever alone and feel all of them begin to shrink down and flow into your heart where they're surrounded forever by the source of that voice a voice of absolute trust of piece of understanding of wisdom of absolute acceptance forgiveness teaching them and reminding them every moment of every day of their existence that they're always loved and accepted detected forgiven for all wrongs real or imagined and you're never ever ever alone and just listen listen to this voice in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm gonna count from 1 to 5 when.

I reached the number five you can emerge from this process like a phoenix rising from the ashes like a butterfly emerging from a cocoon one phase of your transformation completely the. Next phase the best phase just beginning ready to spread your wings take to the air to soar amongst the clouds and experience life the universe and everything in it from a much higher place a more enlightened perspective head clear mind clear heart clear soul clear and through it all this voice will go with you doing what it's always done from the time you were conceived reminding you of all the very best things about you in a voice that you can always trust a voice that you can always believe a voice that speaks ten times louder than any other voice that drowns out every other voice. So that for as long as your lungs continue to breathe and your heart continues to beat every time you look. Inside and you listen you'll hear this voice speaking exactly what you need to hear reminding you of all those amazing things number two all of my suggestions and directions from me to you and from you to your very own other than conscious mind to every cell of your being are now ten times stronger a hundred times more powerful a thousand times more thrilling and fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced hell locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can implement facilitate and body persona by and.

Express these changes in all the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you wanted by your standards and their definitions number three because there's always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face there's always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and you're all powerful other than conscious mind and this voice will give you those solutions in the easiest quickest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you my friends you've made the investment you've made the journey you've followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've most certainly tested the results you've earned earned earn the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you get to live it to the fullest starting now on the. Next count you can emerge from this process bringing this voice with you a voice that will stay with you for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe that each night while you sleep and while you dream this voice will change your mind change your brain connecting parts of your brain to unlock new. Gus gills new abilities new understandings new perspectives to accelerate the speed at which you learn and to allow you the power of loving yourself unconditionally no.

Matter like this voice will go with you and each morning upon awakening you'll see the world through new eyes. You'll hear the world through brand new ears experience the world through a mind and body and spirit alive with transformations and through it all this voice will stay with you. Guiding teaching you inspiring you reminding you of all the very best things about you in a voice that you can always trust a voice that you can always believe a voice that speaks ten times louder than any other voice that drowns out every other voice allowing you to feel good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel [Applause] ten-minute break.
