Title: Psychological Tricks: How To Spot a Liar | How To Read Anyone Instantly |David Snyder NLP-Skills
File Name: kATRHt_6_5k.txt
Video Id: kATRHt_6_5k
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kATRHt_6_5k

Uh how many people here um is this your. First time being exposed to the magic and the the nightmare that is me all right. My name is. David.

Snider. I am a certified practitioner and trainer in neurolinguistic programming. I'm a licensed acupuncturist and diplomate of. Oriental medicine.

I'm licensed with the state of. California uh medically and clinically my specialty is the treatment and elimination of illness that. H that has as it cause repressed emotion. I'm also uh a certified hypnosis trainer.

I've authored at least 15 different programs on conversational and covert hypnosis. I teach persuasion and influence seminars as well as very very high level private seminars to influence professionals all over the world in 2005. I was voted one of the top 10 attraction and seduction experts by seduction lay.com the art of approaching now why am. I telling you all this to make you feel good and impress you no.

To impress me um. But what do all these things have in common what the heck does. Oriental medicine have to do with. NLP have to do with attraction and relationships have to do with what other things did.

I say persuasion and influence it's not what you think two words pattern recognition the ability to do. Chinese medicine very very well is based on your ability to observe subtler and subtler changes in the human body in the emotions we were taught to pay attention to things that the average human being has no. Clue have any relevance whatsoever to other parts of their body and mind okay. And.

So many many years. I've been focused on disciplines including the by the way. I'm also a very a lifelong martial artist. I teach self-defense.

I'm a certified instructor for the just yell fire program which is a women's self-defense program uh which is actually really cool um. But for those of you who have no. Desire to actually become a black belt it's probably the best thing you can you can take. I teach.

Systema which is also a very mind-based mind- centered martial artist specifically taught to uh the. Russian. Special. Forces okay.

I'm a e8th degree black belt in an art called kho. Kempo orho. Jitsu which is the art of vital. Point fighting again what do all these things have in common it's learning how to understand and pay attention to the body in ways that most people don't even realize are possible okay.

Tonight's tonight's topic is lie detection. So how we get from all that stuff to lie detection when. I was in my undergraduate. I've always been fascinated by anybody old enough to know who.

Quincy was yeah. I won't tell well you guys have all seen. CSI and and all these all the cop shows that have all these profilers on them right. Well.

Quincy was kind of like the original guy played by. Jack kugman he was he's calling right. Now even though he's dead by the way please turn your your cell phones off okay. Um.

I'm going to do as. I'm going to give you as much as. I can the time we have. But.

I need to give you some background on me. So you understand why this might be important to you and how it's relevant okay. Um. So yeah.

Quincy was like the guy he would like figure stuff out and all these things. Then of course came shows like lie to me yeah how many people ever seen that the show lie to me okay. Uh if you haven't you should go out and rent every season uh the man who was the consultant for that show. Dr.

Paul emman is probably the world's leading. Authority on emotions facial cues facial recognition cues and lying okay. Uh he was a consultant for that show. So there's a lot of really good science and a little bit of embellishment here and there uh.

But it's all very very useful tonight's topic is very deep very very deep and it's one that's very very personal to me and. I'll tell you why that is two reasons a. I've always been fascinated by this stuff. But there was another reason reason there was much more personal reason my life especially in my early childhood.

I had. I was the classic bullied kid okay. I was overweight. I was.

I wasn't athletic. I was pretty gullible and highly emotionally sensitive and. So for me uh. I was lied to on a pretty regular basis.

I. I did just about anything you could think of to uh to get people to like me were because. I thought people likeed me and as it turns out more often than not. I was on the wrong end of a very vicious and.

Powerful lie. So. I became for lack of a better word slightly traumatized okay. I developed what is known in the.

PTSD fields and and that world as hyperacuity syndrome very mild form. But enough to kind of force me to really kind of be in a constant state of you know outward awareness constantly looking for enemies constantly looking for people trying to hurt me okay. Now. I didn't know at the time that that fear response which really is what it was would turn out to be one of the most useful and.

Powerful blessings that. I would ever have okay. I became fascinated and obsessed with learning how to look. At somebody and with a high degree of accuracy know if they were lying to me know if they were telling me the truth and being able to predict what they were going to do.

Next in any given situation now predicting what people are going to do. Next is not the topic of tonight's uh of course. But it the the lawyer the 20 the 30 plus lawyers who. I.

TR consult with regularly speak to judges juries and expert. Witnesses find that very useful okay. As a hypnotist as a person who sees people with severe emotional problems or pain that just won't go away. I find it extremely useful because just like with.

Oriental medicine just like with people who are liar. Liars patterns tend to repeat patterns tend to become obvious. But if you don't have the foundation you can't see what's right. In front of you does that make sense.

So that being said what. I'm going to share with you tonight if this is the the the pure spectrum of all there is to know about understanding the nonverbal world we live in we have enough time to cover maybe my cuticle okay. So. First things.

First um without getting too deep. I'm just going to go around just couple of time people look. Who look. Like they don't want to be called on by the way this means yes.

This means no. All right. Sorry this means yes. This means no.

I lied to you see you didn't catch it this means. I know the answer please call on me this means. I don't know the answer please don't call on me this means oh. I hope he doesn't call on me okay.

Please make yourselves at home you know just come on in. I won't. Point too many of you out coming in late. But that's all right.

Um. So let's talk about lying real quick um how many different kinds of lies are there you hiding over in the corner one one okay. What what kind of lie would that be kind that's not the truth the kind that's not the truth good. L there's exaggeration exaggeration okay.

Um another kind of lie other than exaggeration would be the opposite of the truth the opposite of the truth yes. The little white ones the little white ones is lying always bad it's a great great great input is lying always bad no. Okay. When.

I. Last time. I taught this this particular course was about probably a little over a year maybe going on two years ago the. First thing.

I asked the room was or. I told the room was listen before you go on this path you better be darn sure you want to know the answer okay. Let me give you an ugly truth about lies and believing them people don't believe lies because they have to they believe lies because because they want to okay. Anytime your emotion gets involved anytime your reptile brain gets involved reality changes and how you process reality changes.

So let's go into the. Neuroscience behind this you guys know you have three brains right. Oh well let's start there what are you going to answer the question how many lies are no. Actually you have you have three basic kinds of.

Lies you guys all know the you guys all know that um that that oath you have to take whenever you go to court do you swear to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing. But the truth the. Brilliance of that is that it encompasses all three kinds of. Lies omiss.

So lies of omission lies of misdirection or lies of perception we call those convincing or lies of convincing or lies of influence we'll talk those are the most. Insidious kinds of lies and they're the kinds that you will more likely run into than. I omissions and and lies of influence are probably the most common ones it takes an awful lot of coones and and guts to give per somebody a bald-faced lie to their you know just look. Them right.

In the eye and tell them something that's not true not that don't people don't do it all the time. But it takes a lot of energy and it and it creates a lot of stress in the body unless you're a psychopath or a sociopath in which case what'll give you away is how much joy you're taking in it if you know what to look. For okay. The the experts call that duping.

Delight duping. Delight okay. So we have lies that are just blame lies they're just directly opposite of the truth right. So we'll just call those lies of.

I don't want to use the word deception to say lies. But we'll just say that. Then we have lies of omission and. Then lies of influence at the end of the day though it's just something that isn't true or forces us to look.

In a different direction. So that we don't ask the questions that pinpoint these that's what that's why these are the lies of influence are. So important to understand is they they move you off the target they move you away from asking the right. Questions okay.

And we we'll work up to that as much as we can. But we have to really give you guys a foundation okay. By the way how many people have ever been lied to okay. Just just just checking every now and.

Then that iy ask really weird questions like how many people here have ever been a little kid and everybody raised their hand except one guy going what did you pop out fully formed what okay. But they're important questions right. Here's one thing you need to know as a hypnotist you probably never thought of because most of you probably never seen a hypnotist or gone to a hypnotist for anything because most people don't go to a hypnotist until they've been to the doctor the chiropractor the lawyer the clergyman the faith healer and the witch doctor. Then they wind up in my chair and the fair and the fa the fair yeah okay.

But one of the things that. H that we have in hypnotherapy is this thing called the presenting problem the presenting problem is a lie it's always a lie somebody comes to you and says. I'm 50 lbs overweight. I need to get my my lifestyle under control they're lying you can look.

At them and say they're 50 lbs overweight how can they you know how can that be a lie because the fat is just a symptom if they consciously knew why they were overweight they would have fixed it and that goes back to this three levels of the brain we were just talking about the. First level of your brain is called the reptile brain okay. And don't be offended you all have one okay. But it's the part of us that is in charge of pretty much every.

Politically. Incorrect. Drive every off-color remark that we for we refuse to voice and. Then sometimes let slip you guys know what.

I'm talking about your reptile brain this is your brain on. David okay. The. Russians or the.

Soviet uh. Sports psychologists would call this your paleo cortex it's in charge of your. Primal drives survival sex or reproduction in this case uh social needs know that sounds weird for a reptile right. We'll explain that in a minute uh food.

First thing that happens anytime you interact with somebody whether they're new or not your brain kind of goes are they a threat can. I mate with it do. I eat it if the answer is no. To any of those questions they lose interest okay.

The problem of course is what the heck is this social need thing how does social needs factor into the reptile brain well as a social being. Society we have learned through. Evolution through millions of years of trial and error that. Society protects its high status members.

First and foremost you ever anybody ever see the movie. Joe. Versus the volan or any movie where the natives of some. Island somewhere are sacrificing the beautiful virgin to the volcano.

God okay. We've all seen that well why the heck are they sacrificing the beautiful virgin and not the medicine man or the general or the chief because virgins are a renewable resource. Society protects its high status members this is why even in our modern culture today we are driven to seek the approval of people who we view as having more money more size more resources more physical health and more. Beauty these are status markers their things are reptile brain.

Targets on and it uses that appraisal to sort is the person lower status than me the same as me or higher than me and the moment just watch any any group of of guys get together who don't know each other for the you know watch them for the. First 20 minutes the. First 20 minutes are all jockeying for position to figure out who the alpha is and it's there as organized chaos as everyone tries to outdo the other one and. Then all of a sudden at some point there's a click the alpha male is decide and everybody falls into place.

H did you say why. Wow. I said wow no. You just got to observe see.

I'm going to. I'm going to bring your as as progressively as. I can there's. So many people in this room.

I don't know if we'll be able to to to do any drills without actually getting into fist fights and doing weird things to each other with you know coffee cups or something. But it's okay. To laugh you guys got to stop taking yourselves way too freaking serious you know that right. Okay.

This is one of the problems that we have is we're too freaking serious which usually. Cuts us off from the most important resources we have our ability to roll with the punches okay. But getting back to this. So one of the things that we have to understand about social needs as a survival.

Drive remember your reptile brain is in charge of your. Primal drives not your emotions okay. All feelings all emotions are feelings. But not all feelings are emotions okay.

And the drives that get starved are the ones that get the most attention paid to them now we'll come back to that. Later because this is one of the reason why a lot of guys lie to women all right. Not that that's relevant right. Because no.

Women here has ever been lied to by a guy right. Never going. I don't want to answer that by the mechanics by their mechanics yeah you take your car okay. Yeah yeah that's where the ladies go in they.

Then they they trust the mechanic right. He comes back you know three hours. Later goes. First hour this is what you know they're going to lie to you.

First words out of their mouth do you want to keep this car anybody ever heard that about your kids sometimes they say oh yeah we'll get into that trust me. I have a whole line of on that stuff right. But here's the thing the questions that you would ask are useless if you don't know what to look. For if you don't know what to listen for and how they combine does that make sense okay.

We lie to satisfy our. Primal drives if we don't see any other way to do it the other way that this goes back the social needs go back to survival is as social beings this is extremely important in terms of influencing people and understanding it ostracism from the group being excluded from the group is equivalent to. Extinction or to put it more bluntly death now when. I say death everyone in room goes just like when.

I say sex your reptile brain goes what he said what where right. I can literally just for the rest of the night go death sex sex death and you'll be like wow why because the mo the moment. I look. At you look.

At your reaction you're all paying attention now you're zoning off before one can. I get some coffee some chocolate maybe. I say sex you go whoa forget the coffee we're good now because the moment we tweak you in the brain stem we the moment we activate your. Primal.

Drive we get about 20 minutes of attention. Okay. This is one of the reasons strategically while you'll hear me make a lot of off-color remarks okay. Ostracism from the group is death to the reptile brain this is why you do a lot of the things you do and that you hate yourself for because the group is doing it okay.

In in my influence classes which again this is not the influence side of things it's the the intelligence. Gathering side of things. I tell my people that uh what the heck do. I tell them just drew a blank there.

I must be out of blood sugar. Anyway cookie cookie no. Um there's three eyes. In in the world according to.

David there's identity intelligence and influence the most powerful indicator of the results you're going to produce in your life are is your is are the foundations of your identity. Who. You. Are in your world and the people you interact with if you're a high status member in your clicks or your niches you can get away with pretty much anything you want and the group will follow your lead if you're one of the herd not.

So much right. And there's always a runt of the litter right. There's always the one in the group that's picked on the most right. Patterns you can see it doesn't matter if you're male.

May female if you're in a club that's you know rides motorcycles across you know the country you know whether you're you know in a stamp collecting. Club there's always going to be an alpha there's always going to be the herd and there's always going to be the one who gets the brunt of the. Boost okay. It's just the way it is.

I don't make the rules. I just report them. But we need to understand that when the. Primal drives need to be satisfied the reptile.

Brin will generate an emotion it will generate some form of stress either good stress or bad stress when that stress hits everything you pay pay attention to everything you think is important will change one of the things that uh. Dr. Paul. Atman youve heard me mention him already is an expert on is the the calibration and quantification of emotional cues in the face okay.

He he isolated these things called micro. Expressions you guys ever hear that term micro. Expressions they're. Expressions that go to the seven core basic emotions anger grief or sadness surprise disgust or contempt they're a little bit different um joy and surprise and they can appear and disappear on the face in as much as 125th of a.

Second okay. They're usually not they're not controllable most of the time by the average human being now we're not we're going to talk about micro. Expressions a little bit. But we're not going to get into them because you need some training.

But. I want you to understand that the other part part of that that research that went into that facial coding activation system system that. Dr. Amman created was the intense study of emotions and one of the.

First things that. Dr. Amman discovered was something called the emotional refractory period okay. Why am.

I talking about all this instead of lies because in order to catch a liar you have to know what's affecting your perceptions remember. I said at the beginning of the training that people don't believe lies because they have to they believe them because they want to why do they want to the emotional payoff it's that simple okay. So what happens is when you're dve when you want to satisfy a drive your unconscious mind gen generates an emotion that forces you to take action on it. But many times the drive you're trying to satisfy and the way you really want to do it is at odds with your your socialization it's at at odds with the way you were brought up it's at odds with the culture you're working in either corporate or religious or whatever.

So what do we do we activate the. Third level of our brain this is called the neocortex. So put it more bluntly it is your rational lying brain now here's the cool part what it called again it's called the neocortex it's the newest part of literally the new layer. So you think.

Primal drives this middle brain here is your emotional brain it's your mamalian brain otherwise known as your limic system probably didn't cover that. I should probably put that out there it's your emotional brain is that the. Second layer yes. Okay.

So you have a drive it generates an emotion and. Then you come up with a story that justifies it to two entities simult well actually three simultaneously you the society in which you're operating and depending on how religious you are. God and many times these rationalizations have absolutely nothing to do with the real reason you're doing them. But they sound good this is what we call the presenting problem in hypnotherapy somebody comes in and they say.

I'm 50. PBS overweight. I can't control my eating. I need you to help me lose weight and.

I pretend to believe them because. I'm a comp. I'm a caring compassionate therapist and. Then.

I go and. I put him in trance and. I talk to the boss the boss is your unconscious mind and you find out that when you take them back to the very. First scen situation or event that has everything to do with that feeling everything to do with why that weight is there it's because when they were at a certain age somebody did something sexually inappropriate and the unconscious mind in its desire and fervor to protect them said well wait a minut why did this happen well happen because.

I'm attractive okay. So. Then if. I'm not attractive this won't happen anymore and the weight comes on is the problem that they were fat no.

But if you ask them why they're fat they'll give you every reason. But many times because. First of all you can't logically linearly connect it your rationalizing brain your neocortex is a linear thinker it's also the part that controls most of your internal dialogue that little voice in your head you know the one that just said what voice you can laugh it's okay. Guys.

I'm going to try and keep as much levity in this it's a heavy topic no. Per intended. I'm talking about weight loss right. But this is what's going on now here's the thing when we begin to try and modulate our.

Primal. Drives. By the way your. Reptilian.

Brain is as honest as the day is long the reptile brain doesn't lie most of the time your emotional brain doesn't lie. But it tries lying happens when we try to consciously control and manipulate that process we try to come up with reasons and justifications that let us escape the consequences of our actions good or bad when we start to look. For lies what we're literally looking for are stress responses okay. We're looking for stress we're looking for ways that the body signals a a movement away from equilibrium okay.

So that being said any questions on this before. I get into more weird stuff is this useful yes. Okay. This means yes.

This means no. Question no. Yeah go ahead. Ken um.

I'm getting confused between. Second grain emotional. But emotional connected to the reptilian the well the lizard bonees connected to the monkey bone and monkey bones connected to the people bone. But actually can think of just like that your lizard brain is the the part of you that controls your.

Primal drives remember this all your reptile brain cares about is perpetuating your genes doesn't care about your. Immortal. Soul doesn't care about your co-workers the things that get its attention the most is you and by extension the people you consider family. I have about 30 lawyers and probably a lot more by the end of this year winning multi-million dollar court cases understanding how to present using this principle okay.

You present to the reptile brain. If you. Goose the reptile brain the body goes into involuntary unconscious responses that for the most part are honest which means means they're useful because anytime a person deviates from their normal mode of behavior we can calibrate that and that's what we need to start with in kinesics which is actually when. I was deciding to go.

I was like. I said. I was fascinated with uh did. I answer your question.

Ken. I forgot what it was damn. I'm good that's called a lie of influence no. But here just think think of it like the best the best metaphor.

I can give you you guys all know how pearls are made right. Yes. Okay. In case you don't a pearl is actually the result of something that's really irritating the hell out of the out of the oyster they get a little grain of a little grain of sand gets in there and it irritates whatever is in there to be irritated because.

I don't know that much about oyster anatomy and. I'm not sure. I want to. But they begin to it begins to coat that that grain of sand with a substance and.

Then another layer of that substance and another layer of that substance and even though the shape of that grain of sand may be squarish or rectangular or. OCT you know something not perfectly round by the time it's done you have this perfectly round sphere that looks nothing like what caused it well here's your. Pearl you have a primal drive that wants or needs to be satisfied you wrap emotion after emotion around it and. Then rationalization after rationalization after rationalization around it until.

Finally the thing you can justify and defend acting on looks nothing like what caused you to want to do it in the. First place okay. Yes. Uh this is.

It's a pretty deep critique of of. Enlightenment it's a pretty deep critique of. Enlightenment that's right. And in other words like the enlightenment seems to one.

US to believe that reason is the prime directive and this seems to say reason stands in a way reason lies to us and. I'm sort of wondering the way you're te telling the narrative what will the world be better if we were just all stripped of a reason and just go back to being no. Not at all. But we need to understand we need to understand the part these things play the problem that we have isn't that reason is bad not at all in fact it's it's our ability to use that rational part that allows us to solve problems allows us to come together and discuss things and talk and commune it's not about that okay.

More often than not the system works pretty well. But the problem that have we talk about. Enlighten by the way. I would based on what you're telling me you you could you equate.

Enlightenment with being rational would that be true well pry much yeah okay. I don't and not because. I. I believe that the reptile should reign supreme no.

In the world according to. David and again. I'm going to do a little sidebar here everything human beings do the human the human organism ladies and gentlemen is the world's largest most complex. Most.

Fascinating information processing system on the planet okay. Most people believe that in order to um become enlightened we need to learn something and that's mostly from the dec. Guardian. I think.

Therefore. I am approach the problem is of course is that you keep looking for something outside of you. But what the other side of the coin says is that. Enlightenment isn't about adding something to the mix it's about removing the filters to your perception removing the filters to your awareness.

So that you can get the big picture. So you can see and understand and experience more it's about becoming more aware of the world around you becoming more aware of the different layers to reality the illusion they like to call it okay. There's nothing wrong with the it we wouldn't have developed it if it didn't work. But the qu the problem is of course is that the wrong parts of us try to run the other parts and.

So the pecking order and the way things are supposed to interact gets all bollocked up okay. And now we're not talking about when the system in this this particular case we're talking about when people are intentionally using this factor to mislead you to do things that are not natural because lying is as much as we like to think. So lying isn't something we do naturally as social creatures okay. All right.

Um. So great question though thank you for that. I appreciate the the and again yes. A tiny question based on that.

Last comment because that just jar with me small children lie absolutely inherently they drop something and you say to them would you drop that look. No. No. And when you just said we don't that really shocked me can you tell when they're lying huh can you tell when they're lying well yeah unsophisticated that just saying it begin oh it start because we're we're smart creatures right.

But is there a significant shift from their normal. Baseline. Behavior when they lie usually really open. I a little girl throwing eggs on theor was saying wasn't wasn't being the place okay.

We have places for people like that they just haven't learned you know to control themselves they haven't learned to oh wait wait they haven't learned to control themselves there you go it's the act of controlling your emotional response to telling a lie that allows it to be detected guess what we use to control control our bodies and control the why the neocortex which by definition is the least informed part of you and the. Last to know okay. We lie to ourselves constantly we couldn't function if we didn't now in term from a neural linguistic standpoint those lies take three different forms not. Omission although it kind of comes close we do one of several things we delete information we distort it or we generalize it and the reason we do that is.

So when. I want to say hello to to. Art here. I don't say.

I don't have to say hello to. Art a. Hispanic gentleman sitting in my front row wearing a gray shirt with a name tag on that says art looking at me wondering what the hell. I'm talking about with an earring in his ear you know with a post in his eye we streamline the information we we we save the file size down.

So it can be communicated does that make sense that's all going on preconsciously before you even become aware of anything. I'm saying your other than conscious mind has gone through. Myriad levels of filtering and sorting deleting distorting and generalizing information to give you a fa simile of what you think. I'm saying and it's the parts that we share that we we can communicate with okay.

But you're all doing this okay. A lot of what. I say is neuroscience a lot of it. I just make up.

But you'll never know um no. I'm just kidding. I you can back up. I'm going to give you lots and lots of resources one of the best books.

I've seen out there right. Now is a book. Called spy the lie. I'm going to give you a lot of information from that book.

I don't take credit for the synthesis. I take credit for the synthesis not the source um going back to my undergraduate days. I had a choice. I could either go into.

Healthcare or. I could go into law enforcement and. I took. A lot of courses in kinesic interview and interrogation which is basically getting information out of people who don't want to give it to you okay.

One of the things that we do in kinesics is we determine what a normal a person's normal mode of behavior is is that's called a baseline without it you can't do anything okay. So if you're going to if you're going to go around detecting lies and finding people who want to lie to you or are in the process of lying to you the body language cues and the verbal cues. I'm going to give you aren't going to be nearly as useful unless you've already established a baseline for what's normal for them does that make sense the. Next con and one of the things that we do in kinesics getting you know closing that.

Loop a little bit is if we're going to interrogate you instead of just interview you we are going to do everything possible to amplify your stress level why because the more stress your body under goes the faster your conscious mind checks out the faster you lose control of your body your face your hands your words okay. All lies incur some level of or addition of stress to the body okay. Now people ask about. Psychopaths and sociopaths there is a stress going on in their body.

But it's different someone who's lying and who's not normally you know used to lying or wants to lie depending on the the penalty for getting caught how much time they've had to prepare and how much emotions involved in the issue that'll cause leakage that'll cause things to they'll start to do things to alleviate that stress they'll start to do things to psychologically or even sometimes physically distance themselves from you okay. We'll cover those. But we need to understand that what we're really looking at when we talk about lie detection. First and foremost is stress okay.

The. Next thing we need to look. At is what is called the cluster rule the cluster rule is this no. Single.

CU by itself means anything okay. A lot of people when they see this particular particular movement um what's this what is this signal worry doubt worry and doubt anybody else contemplation contemplation closed off hiding hiding something okay. Who's right. They're all right.

Or none of them are right. Right. Really depends on your filters what filters do you have in place in the in the moment how what do you attribute to me this goes back to that whole emotional refractory period you heard me mention here's what. Dr emman discovered when you have an emotion the.

First thing that happens. First of all you never realize you've had an emotional shift until you're in it you don't get a 10-second warning says warning you are about to get pissed off. Danger real. Robins in danger right.

Doesn't work that way about 10 15 seconds into the state you suddenly realize you're pissed off or you're sad or you're upset right. But by. Then it's too late because. Then what we usually try to do is we.

Marshall up our willpower and say. I shouldn't feel that way well guess what you're trying to control an emotion aren't you and your body will give it away always the body does not lie. But there's an order and sequence of or levels of control that we have that works in an inverse order from what we pay attention to when we're when we're sorting for lies most people sort from the face and the words that's the wrong place to look. If you want to detect.

Lies start with the feet and work your way up start at your feet and work your way up if. I'm talking with is it. Marcy yes. If.

I'm talking with. Marcy and we're having a conversation and maybe. Marcy and. I are dating and.

I just came back from my chicky baby's place you know and she's she's kind of suspicious cuz there's some we weird things going on and she can't explain it right. And as. I'm talking to her and. I'm telling her about you know how much.

I love her and how how how how say what happened right. Just that even though. I'm facing her here she's looking at my now she know she has actually looked she was actually focused on my face and she said wait a minut look. At the feet right.

That's what you did isn't it yeah yeah she just told me right. Well. But. But you were focused here as.

I was talking to you and. Then you. Then this little voice in the back of your head said look. At the feet and went right.

Because that's what we do when. I'm talking to is it. Tiffany when. I'm talking to.

Tiffany she's looking at my ey she's watching my mouth she's listening to my words she's not looking to see if. I'm ready to bolt right. She's not looking to see when she ask me a question that is uncomfortable for me that. I do that.

I distance myself in order to lie we have to control emotion period which is your. First clue anytime you're talking to somebody and there's a sudden obvious emotional response flag number one doesn't mean they're lying means they're just had an emotional. Spike now we don't know if it's because of something that happened in their childhood which happens a lot by the way many times when people have an emotional response they don't realize they've had it. But like because of people who come to my chair it's always something that happened a very emotional experience that they're remembering and superimposing that response in the present moment okay.

Emotional refractory period says that the moment. I have an emotion it becomes like a little life form in my head or in my body and that life form wants to live and go on as long as possible and. So the. First thing it will do is it will start to tweak and modify the big term is perceptual filters functionally it's what we pay attention to what comes to our attention.

First it will change what we pay attention to. So that we only focus on the things in the communication the situation or the environment that reinforce or re-trigger the emotional state. I'm in. So if we're talking to somebody who we love and we want to love us back and we want the relationship to work and they're giving us and and they gave us that goose of dopamine and serotonin all those happy love chemicals right.

How much do we want to call them on their we don't right. And. Then they tell us something it's like okay. Whereas your friend who sit in your cross go he's lying to you baby right.

You go no. No. He would never do that he loves me or she loves me right. By the way guys 2third of all approaches are initiated by women did you know that no.

You didn't that's why you're single 80% of all breakups are initiated by women okay. Guys those of you who ever want to do anything extracurricular in your lives. I'm going to give you an important safety tip conversely ladies. I'm going to give you a safety tip of what to look.

For. I don't believe. I'm giving this when do and and my my good friend. Mike.

Packard has uh you're going to hear me reference some stuff. But. Mike runs some really cool meetups and some really cool things on how to protect yourself um talk to him afterwards he's got some some really cool seminars coming up. But.

Mike invited me to a seminar where. I. I met a a gentleman by the name of. Jason.

Hansen who was six years xcia and we had a real good talk and a real good seminar he gave this little. I'm going to. I'm going to teach you what. I call the.

Hansen 15 which is a great way to start learning how to catch people line. But one of the things he talks about is when guys are going to cheat check their cell phone look. For any calls or texts between the the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 4 :30 p.m. because they're going on their way to work and they're making plans or they're on their way home and they're making plans okay. Guys ditch the phone or don't cheat or don't cheat don't even start me.

I started on that one by the way you know 68% of all people will cheat and enjoy it right. Only 68 those are the ones that report it and are honest about it it's like that old it's like that old masturbation rule you know 80% of all of all people masturbate the other 20% lie it's kind of relevant. But all right. So the reason we have to talk about the emotional refractory period is because your emotions will color what you pay attention to it will color the data that you receive you will start to rationalize based on the feelings you've got about the truth or untruth based on the body language cues you're getting okay.

So one of the things you need to do if you are going to decide to look. For lies for deceptive. Behavior you must only focus on the lies you must disregard the truth okay. We call that the another in other other psychology terms we call it attribution bias okay.

Yes. Can. I go back for a. Second no.

Women are cheating when do they use the phone they don't they're the ones getting called about the six that we all have that's our in what we all have we all have it um. But a lot of us it's atrophied and we override it this part has that one power it overrides what our feelings are telling us that's one of the powers it has where we choke a lot of times when it comes to like physical skills and things where we have to rely on our bodies again when all the parts are working and they're communicating properly the system works really well it's when we. Parts refuse to accept or communicate appropriately that the system tends to break down does that make sense okay. Um.

So you got to keep your emotions in check also don't ask a question you don't want to know the answer to okay. Because many times how many people have ever caught somebody in a lie or followed up on information and we're sorry they asked right. That will come back to haunt you okay. Being a technical term secret hidden influence technique all right.

I've had time to prepare guys all right. So we've talked about baselines right. We've got to figure out what is the standard we're going to measure by okay. Talked about we started talking about clusters clusters no.

Single body language. Cube by itself means anything. So when we start to make body language cues to make them meaningful we have to have our. Baseline.

I'm going to keep repeating this because this is where everybody screws up even trained neurolinguistic programmers when they're trying to do thing really weird things like eye accessing cues or sorting through language patterns or calibrating emotional response or whether something work they don't get a base. Baseline they don't calculate deviant from from the norm the. Next thing is clusters we're looking for body language cues or verbal cues of two to five two to five qes that creates a cluster okay. What we're also looking for is we're looking for behaviors or.

Q's that are a repeated. And. Timely. Okay.

So for instance if. I yes. CL time yeah within a within a space of 1 to 10 seconds after the words or before the words when does the behavior manifest that's when it's relevant as a rule the body always answers. First and if it's if they if they process really fast at or about the same time as the words come out yes.

Question um. I had someone point that out to me that. I cross my arms before. I talk to somebody because.

I don't trust what they're going to say well that that's a leap and. So. But it's it's a normal response for me and. I can't like overwrite that though.

I know. I'm going to do it well. First of all are they right. Yes.

Okay. I mean not that you cross your arms. But that you distance yourself or what the word they use yeah they they they they brought that every time. I anytime.

I talk to somebody or coworker or something like that that. I automatically cross my arms and wait for what they're going to tell me mhm because they said you're not trusting that person okay. And is that really true pretty much pretty much yeah. But you didn't cross your arms now do you trust me you're not going to tell me anything that.

I'm not going to tell you anything that what might not already know you might not already know okay. Don't why are you here gu out do you want to stop doing that yes. Okay. I want to stop all the time really she's bringing up some interesting.

I'm asking some very pointed questions because the thing you need to understand is that these. Mech these these stress response or these defensive mechanisms behaviors that we have they're not bad they're utilitarian there may be times and places where that behavior is dramatically appropriate there's no. Such thing as a good or bad behavior it just isn't it doesn't work that way there's either useful or not useful and useful and not useful is based on the context okay. Does that make sense okay.

So uh in terms of timely as a rule the physical body will answer. First usually one usually a half one to half a. Second before the words that come out of our mouth there will be a nod or a shift or something that indicates that a verbal response is coming okay. When it doesn't when the physical body answers after now.

Flags should start going off okay. If you get somebody who says well here here's a good one maybe you guys remember this. I am not a criminal or a crook. Right.

I am not a crook. Right. Or maybe. I did not have sex with that woman right.

What you'll see a lot of times is they'll say things like um. I did not have sex with that woman and. Then the head will go see the in congruity of it that's that six sense you're talking about there's an inherent. The.

Reptilian. Brain is one that does this by the way there's an inherent sense of what's right. Or what what is formed naturally and what is formed unnaturally yes. The.

Reptilian. Brain noted yeah. The. Reptilian.

Brain can't lie in in the sense that we think of very complex lies right. It runs the body the body answers. First by the time a lie comes out of your mouth you have gone through. M you understand how hard a liar has to actually work to pull off a lie think.

Enron guys think about all the stories you have to keep straight all the sidelines all the. B you know he said she said times and dates you want to screw up a liar after they've told you this great story have them talk to you in. Reverse seriously scientifically somebody who has created a lie of. Fabrication in a story.

Nar in a narrative form every time they were tried they were asked to repeat the events of the story in reverse they failed because in order to lie a. I'm sorry aren't there people that are chronic. Liars where they have a harder time telling the truth yes. Absolutely for it's just something normal.

Li they don't you it's it's harder remember we're we're talking about the tip of a really big. Iceberg here right. Uh. Psychopaths exist we have a we have a workshop coming up in in two or three weeks.

I'm going to show you some things that you can do to spot the. So sociopaths and the. Psychopaths we it's too much for this this training does that make sense we need to look. At the average normal human being we're most likely to face which by the way there's a lot more sociopaths out there than you realize most of them are in business yeah when you saw and heard.

Clinton say he did not have sex with linski did you believe him and how did you. I think. I was on a date at the time. So.

I was kind of. But actually there's an interesting uh one of a body language expert who. I greatly respect guy by the name of. Kevin.

Hogan actually did analyze that particular segment and through the the whole uh the whole thing every time. Clinton was making a statement that was true he would go. I did not this and. I did not that and as soon as he lied yeah his neurology changed because his brain the way he was using his brain changed that's interesting remember all physical body language is brain.

Lang language. But it's it's not the level of the brain we're used to living and experiencing the world from. I spend a lot of time and a lot of energy putting people in touch with the parts of them that they've lost touch with that they're miscommunicating with that's what. I do okay.

I do it in the martial arts. I do it in therapy. I do it for chronic and and yes. I have thought about what you're talking that it could be very difficult to spot an actor for example absolutely they are.

So natural they can lie. So because their job they are trained to do that. So you can never actually some of them you can. But most if they've had time to prepare no.

You won't you won't find a lot of of cues. So married. I well think look. At the average.

Lifestyle of an actor right. Former actor right. But here's my point is this is something we want to begin to pay attention to. But we can't do it if we're caught up in the story right.

How many stories. Have. I. Told up here and you got yourself sucked in right.

That's how easy it is anytime somebody launches into a narrative the conscious part of our brain tends to shut off we engage the imagination we need in this case we need to actually go into. Super uptime awareness we need to activate our own rational factor to be able to parse information that's coming at us through different channels we're not used to consciously paying attention to takes energy and you should only do this if you're willing to follow up and and and be prepared for the answer yes. So you have to look. For when it happens after that's the.

C yeah not during um well a lot of times. I. I'll bring up one of one of my favorite ones because my wife is guilty of this and she's in the back. So she.

I'm. G to have a hard night at home after. I do this. But um one of the things that you'll see a lot of times are these what we call analog movements or head knots okay.

Somebody says. I did not have sex with that woman right. Sometimes sometimes it's an obvious mismatch sometimes what's happening is they're feeling a strong emotion and. Then head noot is an emphasis of that emotion like if they're really repulsed by something they might they might give you an affirmative answer.

But nod their head no. That's usually that's usually limited to yes. And no. Questions after or while they're saying it.

However when they're giving you a story or they're giving you a narrative where they're telling you about how their car broke down you know and and they were waiting and waiting and waiting for somebody to come and help them and nobody came and how many got got sucked into my words about the store or about the nobody coming how many were watching my head only two or three of you were watching my head knot why you got sucked into the story this is why catching lies is. So hard did anybody come no. That's called an open loop finish the damn story it's like that old thing hey you guys know how to keep an idiot in suspense you guys are actually the. Smart.

Ones for being here right. But timeliness is important remember the unconscious mind always answers. First always if you get a 5-second lag danger. Will.

Robinson means start to pay attention if it comes like up to 10 seconds after the verbal response now we got to start looking for stuff right. So what. I want to do now is we understand the. Baseline principle we understand the emotional refractory perod how easy it is to want to believe the people that we're communicating with right.

We understand clustering now let's talk about what. I call the. Hansen 15. First one that that.

Jason taught us and. I've see you'll see this a lot actually. I'll give you another funny story how many people he's one of my off-color. Politically.

Incorrect metaphors how many people here have ever been in an enclosed space where a foul odor suddenly [Laughter] appears and everybody you know you're just you're just sitting there going right. Except for one guy who's in the corner going and he's taken up as little space as humanly possible it's like somebody glued his feet to the ground right. He's the. First one out the door when that's called the freeze when people.

Express themselves naturally they tend to gesture they tend to move they tend to own the space around them until they lie. Liars by nature don't want their stuff investigated they don't want you delving deeper into the story or the fabrication that they're giving you. So consciously they're going to do things that make you look. In another.

Direction unconsciously be right. With you unconsciously they're going to do things that won't call attention look. For the arms and legs to stop moving they'll get. Frozen in place okay.

These are the most common things they're not everything yes. Sir. I. I had a pair of friends who one of them was a labor negotiator uhhuh and uh that tells me a lot right.

There when when he and his wife gets into kind of dis disagreement she will ask him you're not negotiating with me are you. I mean. I'm asking this question it seems right. To be suspicious of others you don't know.

But in a relationship you want you apply these techniques is that out of bounds in in this sense because you're in a relationship supposed to be trting mhm and if you're applying these techniques it already indicates there's a lack of trust. So she her question was very appropriate. I mean you're not negotiating at this point are you. I mean we're in a relationship say the negotiation for when you're dealing with a labor relationship.

So. I. I want to ask you how do you deal with this sort of situation when you uh when you're dealing with supposedly somebody you're in a relationship mean what point do you apply these techniques when you have a suspicion period when you suspect something's not right. That's when you apply these techniques right.

Now. I'm not going to say that every now and. Then. I just randomly throw a test out there and see what happens this means yes.

This means no. Right. I told you this this had relevance right. I test constantly most of the time my tests are passed no.

Problem they don't have to be strong tests. But if you know if you start to notice patterns and those patterns of behavior bother you there's something nagging about it your body almost always knows there are many time by the way some we have to learn to tell the difference between an emotional memory and an actual intuitive response because many times one masquerades as the other yes. I could argue that when you thr out the test you you're already out of. Bal in in relationship.

I. I'll give you an example when. I was teaching at. I'll not say the college and uh me and the other other faculty were not agreeing.

MH and uh. So a. Third faculty who was a senior faculty calls me to his office and start reciting some of the nasty thoughts. I have in the other gu they recited the nasty thoughts you have and.

So. I asked him like and how did you find this out mhm and it turns out that this guy had went through my my uh trash bin and found what. I wrote down and. I said well this is out of bounds this is illegal for him to even come into my private information right.

So in a sense what. I'm asking is that if you're in a relationship that's supposed to be trusting mhm in a sense youve already broken the. First. Rule now maybe the other person did break the.

First rule by doing something weird to begin with right. It seems to me you should have a kind of more trusting honest we talk and. Then if they don't do anything. Then maybe you should put these things to the test in a perfect world it would probably be that way right.

In a perfect world we wouldn't need to lie right. If we if all of us had you know. Perfect characters you know a lot of this stuff would be mooded. But we don't live in a world like that and the what what you're giving us by the way is nothing you're not wrong.

But what you're really sharing with us are your values about how you think the world should be and that's okay. So you're saying everybody lies absolutely. I don't lie trust me you may not think of them as lies most of the lies that we tell are not harmful well. I mean lately lately oh wait that's called that's called qualifying.

I am say when. I was younger you know maybe. I said. I did said some lies of course.

But as you grow older you get more mature and you you just realize that it's better just to say things. I would agree with you. I. I rarely lie yeah.

But it's important to understand that not everybody sees the world the way you do like. I'm going to tell you right. Now and. I and it's going to piss somebody off y'all lie y all do it it's just a question of degree and how conscious of it you are that you're actually lying you ever frame something.

So somebody get a certain perception of a situation all the time that is [Laughter] myally stats remember the hardest the hardest lie to tell yeah when. I said my grandmother. Di and. I was upset about it.

I didn't mean she die today we this is what we're doing all the time we're deleting distorting in general we're skewing the data that we transmit to people because the hardest lie to tell is the one that is deliberately obviously totally completely contrary to the truth it's the hardest one to tell it's the hardest one to defend and to justify to ourselves. So what do we do we leave out information. So they never bother to think of question us about it or we give them a set of facts in such a way that they're predisposed to filtering and acting on that information in a way that creates a story that has nothing to do with the facts. But everything to do with the fact yes.

Most people do except those supp are self-employed. But. But even. Then we do it all right.

It's called marketing all right. Guys ladies and gentlemen. I'm not. I'm not saying it you're all dishonest people.

I'm not. I'm not implying that in the least. I believe you're all very very honest people. But in order to function in a if somebody asks you when is the.

Last time somebody came up says how do. I look. And they look. Like hell and you said you look.

Like hell right. Or you f or or you found something about them that did look. Nice and focused on that one piece and let them assume you were talking about the whole package or or or if you prefer to be honest you say well you don't look. That good today you don't look.

That good today okay. Right. You could do that how many people do that wow look. Around you about six do what you said okay.

Yes. When you're your head can it go either way. But just the fact that the head's either going back and the fact that the head is nodding is is means that there's something being processed unconsciously now in terms of the head nod if it's a yes. No.

Denial. Then if there's a real strong emotion connected to it many times what their the nod is connected to is the emotion that they feel. So if um um. I think that if.

I'm thinking about something that's something horrible that somebody did and. I'm asked my opinion about it. I may. I may nod my head and say that should be dead right.

But what what the nod is for is the emotion that. I'm feeling it's an expression of what. I'm feeling does that make sense whereas if. I'm telling a more complex story and.

I'm talking about how how my car broke down and nobody would come and pick me up right. Or you know. I. I didn't have sex.

I didn't have sex with my secretary because you know. I. I'm happily married right. You can also be to the truth when you are under a stress absolutely you you are you have.

I happened to me you have. So much stress that what did we say at the beginning of the. Meetup the fast. The more stress that enters the system the faster the conscious mind checks out now again when we're talking there's this thing we call.

A's flaw how many people ever seen. The. Shakespearean show a fellow. Welling their reality what happens is if somebody is stressed out enough they can give indicators that would imply deception when in fact they're just.

So stressed out and they're telling the truth we call that. AOS flaw. AOS error okay. So that's why.

Baseline is really really important you need to know the person you're going to you're going to pursue. I mean blowing out everything out of proportion because of the stress that's what. I'm saying. So you you are not saying you not saying the truth you're just blowing it out.

But blowing it out of proportion is a distortion of the truth isn't it yeah which is what every human being does. Anyway it's a question of how much do how much do they express it m right. We're distorting or we're magnifying or modulating the perception we're giving now many times when like when they're doing what she's doing doesn't go to lie detection per se. But it does go to a lot to how they're representing that experience in their own head does that make sense yes.

Something. I've seen other people friends myself where you're in a situation where you basically somebody accuses you or something and you smile because you don't know how to respond yes. That's a stress response it's a stress response anytime you you you you you present somebody with some information and they do something completely out of the norm it's a stress response the question is what's the motive behind it is there is are there is there something they're trying to control are they completely taken. AB back you know these are the things we need to you got to begin to delve deeper right.

So the freeze getting back to this you get you confront somebody with something they tell you some form of a truth or untruth and they just stop moving they just free their body movement just like somebody hit the off switch and the only thing moving is their lips okay. That's called the freeze okay. One red flat by the way. I love your questions you guys are asking some great questions just keep in mind the more questions.

I have to answer the less information that. I have written down. I can give you. But is this good stuff.

So far okay. I don't want to bore you 50 yeah. I call it the handen 50 app because in honor of the guy. I learned it from uh a lot of this stuff is repeated in many other books and and on the internet and things like that um another thing that tends to happen is and this might happen a lot with spouses spouses are having an argument and they're usually cuddly feely you know me and.

Marcy are hanging out lovey doy and. Then she ask me a question and. I refuse to touch her right. They just stop right.

It's a distancing effect because there's some part of us that feels that information could be passed on she could figure figure out what's going on and get it what she doesn't realize is if she understands how to how to do the. Baseline and how to look. For clusters those things will happen. Auto she that will actually send up the red flag okay.

Remember when someone has to lie and and the the the ability the the odds of them getting caught or leaking are directly proportional to a the payoff the penalty and how much preparation time they've had okay. Now that being said if somebody has prepared a story it's actually easy to catch because if you know what their normal mode of speaking is and how they normally respond and all of a sudden their their speech pattern picks up and it's. Flawless they prepared something in advance like an actor yes. What if there's you you know he's a liar and all of a sudden his speech pattern changes to extreme emotional stress yep he's lying that's called overreaction okay.

That's one of the ways that. Liars dissuade you from provoke from following up on that line of questioning how many times you ask somebody something they've got completely indignant you got. So scared or. So upset that you upset them you stop questioning yeah very common response when somebody's got their coones in.

The. Noose question sir you in the orange oh well you know what interesting. I. I had a.

I was in a relationship with somebody that wouldest whether it's sound the truth by making just ly to about what my behavior was well like. I knew she's lying because making a general statement about me and. I put up with it half an hour hour five hours and. Finally.

I just get. So freaking godamn pissed off that yeah mhm and. I think that was her. G to determ whether lying or not sounds like she took.

It too far right. Here's the point is when when when you ask somebody a question and if and if they if they haven't had a lot of time to prepare you're going to see more emotion than if they'd have does that make sense the more time and and also depending on your reputation as somebody who can who's a detector again it goes to their fear of being. C and the the desire for the payoff. But remember it's all about stress it's all about emotion.

The more stress you can introduce into the interaction the more honest the body language becomes because you lose the ability to control it okay. And it starts from the bottom up. So remember feet legs torso shoulders hands face and. Then.

Finally words okay. Um squinting you ask him a question they go right. But you see my body did right. See how subtle that's two that's a cluster right.

There. I squinted. I kind of tensed a little bit and. I backed up a little bit warning you'll see this when people go through any kind of intense analytical functions also.

So again it doesn't necessarily mean they're lying it does mean that they're doing a lot more cognitive processing make sense they're looking they're thinking about what you're saying they're thinking about what they're going to say and figuring out okay. How do i f how do. I swing this right. Eyes.

This is the one that for some reason people never seem to get if they stare at you like you're freaking like they're trying to stare you down it's like. I am telling you the truth am. I tell how many people how many people heard to say uh someone who's a bad a good liar or someone who's lying can't look. You in the eyes.

I've heard that that's something only only bad. Liars say okay. Okay. Actually that's the.

First thing we we learn to control because we're taught that from the time we're this freaking tall. So good liars will look. You in the eye in fact they will probably. Overlook.

You in the eye what you might want to start to pay attention to though is when they're looking you in the eyes. What are their eyelids doing are they fluttering a little bit are they kind of darting a little bit what do their pupils look. Like pupils tend to dilate when we experience polarities of two basic emotions attraction something we like and fear if you're looking at somebody and it's obviously not a romantic situation and their pupils have completely taken over there is no. Color left.

But that big black hole that's scary you wouldn't be surprised to see a small yellow puddle forming at the base of their feet chances are you caught them in something they don't want to talk about or they want to go okay. All right. It's autonomic you can't control it although. I found a way to do it.

But it still takes practice um okay. So that's four right. Um plus or minus two do not accuse a person you need them uh guess the thing when we when we start to um look. For deception or sort for deception unless you're in an interrogatory in an interrogatory environment you probably don't want to be very in your face and accuse people of lying because.

Then you can start to generate false negatives and things like that um and really make your job harder right. So you want to almost be there you know be over you know you know just very what's the word. I'm looking well kind uh nice understanding one of the common tactics you see this you've watch any cop show where they put somebody in the in in the in the interrogation room you'll see them start to talk about you know. I can understand why you might you know smack that kid around.

I have kids and. I know sometimes they get me. So mad you know one time my kid did this and. I was.

So mad. I wanted to put him through. I can completely understand while you might want to you know punish him a little bit and make sure he doesn't do that again because unconsciously when we know we're lying we're looking for anyone on the planet to believe us anyone to support us and as un as illogical as it. Mak as it seems to be because the reptile brain's always looking for society to back him up the minute he sees or he feels like he's being accepted understood the guard starts to go down and they start to.

Vol volunteer information now um. I have this little sneaky thing. I do when. I talk to people is.

I just tell them their words back to them and every time. I tell them their words back to them they give me more information and. Then they give me more information sure every time. I talk to somebody.

I do as often as. I can as consistently as. I can. I mirror their words back to them.

So. I'm coming back here to talk to you is that okay. Look. At her she just got a warm fuzzy feeling didn't you see yeah she's still smiling ear to ear right.

Why because neurologically the sweetest words we can hear are the ones that come out of our own mouth it's how you're hardwired and even if you know. I'm doing it after a while you just won't care and you'll start to feel that. I understand you that. I get you that we believe in the same things and you'll start to want to make sure.

I understand everything before you know it you're on your way to the lockup because at the end of the day it doesn't really matter whether. I commiserate with you whether. I share your views the law says this you either did it or you didn't you did okay. I don't care why.

I'm not saying you can use that tactic that it might be useful what was that one um this is that actually isn't on here this is one this is one from. David's. World okay. Um.

But if you want to get a job interview even if you're not qual or win a job interview even if you're not qualified for it you know want to get somebody to really like find you the most fascinating person in the room even if you're boring as toast not saying that'll work this means yes. This means no. Come out of. Trance okay.

Uh. But if you want to start to develop that feeling of. I'm on your side and. Then you start to soften some of your questioning tactics and you start to pay attention for a deviation when they start to get stressed out when they start to when those traits start to amplify now you'll have a better idea of what to pursue and what not to pursue does that make sense the the reason.

I'm giving you these. First is because they're the biggest they'll send up. Flags they're flags that you you could just learn to focus on and. Then you can add more techniques and more ways of finding information and colting and understanding by language as the system progresses does that make sense my goal is to give you something that you can go out and start using tonight does that make sense because otherwise we've just had a really cool lecture by the way.

I. I started these meeas because. I like to do cool stuff anybody here like to do cool stuff yeah cool you like to me hang out with cool people who like to do cool stuff yeah this means yes. This means say oh.

I don't know all right. Um another thing that. Liars will do and this has probably happened to many of you many times and you just didn't see it they will block you what does that mean let's say that uh what you. Renee and.

I are in a a hot and and passionate romance and she's suspecting that. I'm out there doing vile things to vile people for. V reasons right. And.

I come home from a hard day of work and she go and she confronts me on son of work where you been where have you been um. I just had to stop by the store for what who saw it. I just put something between me and her right. Can be a jacket could be a chair could be a glass could we could be sitting you know we could be sitting at the table having a drink and all of a sudden my eyes.

Are not it's. Holly. Holly. Holly asked me uh you know if.

I ask if. I think that that blonde across the the way is really attractive and. I go what [Laughter] blonde right. Innocuous right.

By the way you'd be amazed at what you can find out by watching a glass okay. When. I teach my attraction class there's seven body language stages that all couples go through from complete stranger to wanting to do the horizontal. Mambo together okay.

And a lot of it has to do with how they move the relation the objects in relationship to one another one of the ladies that uh uh who was part of my early. Mastermind. Group which. I'll.

I'll tell you about. Later on um she owns a wine bar and. I was teaching this particular principle and uh she goes to me you know what you are. So right.

I watch these people come in on. First dates and at the beginning of the night he's on one side of the table and she's on the other and by the end of the night there wine glasses are side by side and they leave together arm and arm okay. Body language is just learning to understand patterns and pattern recognition. Okay.

And we have patterns for romance we have patterns for lying we have patterns for pretty much everything human beings engage in it's just nobody taught you. But they're going on in plain sight yes. Blocking would that equally include shifting to put something between yes. Anything that puts an object of some kind even your own body.

So if. I'm. I don't have my chair. But if.

I'm talking with. Renee and she asked me that you know where have. I been or whatever well. I had to go okay.

Right. You'll see this a lot many times there'll be the body language thing. I gave you guys earlier where. I did this it's called a triple cross that counts as three distinct body language cues remember to be sign to be relevant to our process of detecting.

Lies. We have to have how many two to five two to five. I got a three. Banger right.

There right. Now could it also be that they're cold yeah. But do they only do it when you ask them a question remember is the. Behavior repeated and does it happen within a 5 to 10.

Second window before or after they verbally answer got it okay. Questions is this useful you wouldn't lie to me would you you. I here's here's what. I ask if you had a good time tonight post good things to the meet up if you you didn't have a good time tonight post to somebody else's okay.

Uh we just we covered headshake. So that's important. But again we're looking for timeliness does the shaking occur at the right. Time yes.

Shing matter back and or down yes. But the problem that the problem that we have with this one aside from the fact. I'm sorry aside from the fact that uh is it a yes. Or no.

Versus a narrative is that many times in different cultures this does not mean yes. So. I don't like as a rule to teach body language techniques that are culturally based. I like to teach body language that is based on.

Evolution. So whether you're from papaa. New. Guinea uh.

Finland. Russia uh the. Middle. East what means it what what a body language.

Q means there means everywhere else. I like universals. I don't like to have to think too much see there's two ways to keep people stuck you don't give them enough information or too much either way progress bogs down okay. Um that being said let's take a five minute break let's go get you guys some coffee and some sugar and go potty and we'll come back and we'll get into some other really cool stuff thank you.
