Title: Psychological Tricks: Powerful Techniques  Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind | Mind Power Codes
File Name: KbQKmTyZbzA.txt
Video Id: KbQKmTyZbzA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbQKmTyZbzA

Myself we very much embrace law of attraction concepts. But we take it we embrace them from a very very scientific perspective now most of which going back to the physics principle of entrainment guys know what entrainment the physics principle of entrainment means okay. If not. I have a video that.

I will show you that dramatically explains it and because and once you understand it in a pure nuts and bolts this is how the universe works kind of a process you start to have a lot more faith in the in the processes that we're teaching you because you realize it's all based on physics not metaphysics right. So because metaphysics has a kind of a poofy term - a poofy poofy kind of wishy-washy maybe it's true maybe it's not kind of a an energy and that halo that surrounds the concepts even though there may be scientifically valid tends to give it a little bit more of that well is it just my imagination kind of a thing turned out it's all your imagination. But who knew alright. So what did we what epiphanies did we have during lunch did you guys all hypnotize.

Charles they're gonna line up and hypnotize your ass today you know that. I just didn't tell him. I went to lunch ordered. I don't remember anything after that he seems very relaxed.

I felt good about it minute. I paid the check. I had this rush of pleasure like. I'm not saying you can do that a lot all the time because that wouldn't that would be wrong alright.

So welcome back this neon. So four basic steps will put anyone reliably in a state of trance the only thing you have to test is did they follow the instructions when they raise that finger at the end of their process they're telling you it's done right. If they raise the finger and they didn't do it or it's not done they're lying to you and they don't deserve the change right. Because you can only do your work based on yeah change now that the interesting part is is it actually takes work to imagine the alphabet backwards.

So just stop oh it's gone you've won right. But you'll see people if you ever if you if you decide to go deeper into this work professionally you'll get people in your chair who will fight to keep the letters and you'll see it the way you'll see them writhing in the chair which tells you right. There they're afraid of losing control and they're not following instructions kick their ass out and send them home. But you don't beg people to change does that make sense people come to you or in that's it by the way.

I should bring this out right. Now this does not qualify you'd go out and do hypnotherapy okay. This is not a hypnotherapy certification class you want further training and the other things that you need to do to be able to do this professionally it actually make a living at it not just how to fix people. But how to actually go out and market and do all those things we have a certification coming up in.

October 21st through the 25th and that's where we rock it we're gonna see you're gonna show you a lot of the techniques that you're seeing you're learning here today. But you'll also learn them how to how to do them professionally how to market how to go out and do things and get clients to wanna do what you did sign up right. So our. Next phase in this process is pop quiz time yes.

Your brains are glutted with food and blood sugar. So it's pop quiz 42 obviously takers. Guide to the galaxy van james what's the. First step in the four magic bullets relax the eyelids.

Second step relax the body. Third step yeah what would still work yes. The. ABCs backwards.

But. I know that's the apparition fractionation like fractals right. For step yeah right. They skip dinner by the way if you just did those three steps would it work say yes.

You can any one of these or none of them there's a gateway to trance here's this here's the secret most people are in trance all the time. Anyway your job isn't putting them in trance it's getting them out okay. Because by and large the trance as we walk around in are inappropriate to the situation and the results that we want. So your job starting with you is to put yourself in the trance states that gets you what you want faster right.

Cuz you're not you're already in trance you're never not in trance right. They call that death by the way. So the question is is is what. I'm doing appropriate as.

Richard. Bandler likes to say most people are screwed up cuz they're doing stupid [ __ ] inside their head stupid [ __ ] in his in this context aside from the secret hidden hypnotic influence techniques is that we're confusing thinking with remembering we spend most of our time remembering [ __ ] that happened and projecting it into the present reality and acting the same way and we think we're thinking like if people say. I can't stop thinking about it it's because you're not thinking you're remembering and remember the pattern that's the way the system is designed you're supposed to default to remembering that way you don't have to learn the same lesson 60 times over and over again you don't have to you don't have to relearn every time you touch the hot stove that it hurts right. The problem is is the mechanism goes crazy we blow things out of proportion we put things unconsciously in the wrong place and our system operates and replays those experiences like they're real like they're actually happening.

But they're not. So part of your job in your process of becoming progressively more aware is to spend more time thinking and less time remembering. But also when you remember things to remember them in ways that only make your life better as we move into as we come into this world nobody gave us an operating system an operator's manual for our nervous system. So whatever went in went in without being filtered it went in based on the information and the emotional intensity you experienced at the time it becomes the hook.

That everything else gets attached to as you go through life the unconscious mind always sorts for what's familiar when you come into this world you're one big empty hard drive we do not sort for good and bad we do not sort for right. Or wrong we don't even understand what that means when we come into this world those are things that we learn over time as we acquire formative experiences primary experiences okay. If you're brought into the this goes back to identity work and understanding self-concept you start out in this life we're gonna start we're gonna start from the genetic level forward okay. You start out in this life as a group of cells that grows inside of another being at that level there is no.

Difference between you and the being you're growing within there is no. Sense of identity there is no. Sense of self you are just part of that continuum you understand that for nine months that process is true once you pass beyond the veil through concept through into birth that process is still happening there still is no. Filter that separates you from the environment in which you were formed that distinction only happens over time as the nervous system continues to mature and to grow neurological connections that sense of self gradually emerges as a gestalt or a result of our experiences both the ones we're conscious of which arguably we're not conscious okay.

We spend very little time analyzing anything we look. At stimulus response stimulus response result are up you know cause effect cause effect. But even that whatever is there. First there's no.

Filter we identify with it there's no. Distinction okay. And. So that's why we all have these freaking voices in our head telling us nasty [ __ ] and they're all coming from up here right.

Because we're this freaking tall when people are holding us we're right. Here right. The voices are coming from all around us there's no. Barrier there's no.

Filter between those voices and you until about the age of five years old that starts to develop okay. But you can. But from the time you were conceived up through birth up through five to six years old you're still accumulating. First experiences those.

First experiences become the baseline they become the measuring stick by which all other experiences are connected and evaluated that make sense okay. If. I'm talking too much let me know. But this is kind of how it works right.

Your unconscious mind is designed to sort for what's familiar it defines familiar by what was there. First and what was there the longest and what was the most repeated now we start to develop words like love safety security security is what's familiar what's familiar is what was there. First. So if you're brought into an environment that's nurturing and loving and caring.

Then you tend to equate those characteristics with the word secure safety because that's what's familiar if you're brought into an environment where the the nurturing patterns are inconsistent god forbid they're abusive even peripherally somebody's arguing you know you're you're the baby in the room some two parents are arguing there's no. Sense of self here mommy and daddy are arguing that's me you understand it goes right. In and it becomes the standard by which things are measured what do. I mean 20 years.

Later this person gets in a relationship and they unconsciously sort for mommy and daddy not because they enjoy the dynamic of that relationship. But that's what was there. First that's what was familiar that's what the nervous system source for we all know people who keep falling in love with the same person with a different face right. We also know people who bound up with the perfect guy or the perfect girl and screwed it up you know they have a history of dating the bad person they find one that's a winner they look.

Like they have a final shot at happiness they screw it up and go right. Back to the kind of person they used to have even know this person consciously knows better why it's not familiar it wasn't their. First know normally there's not a lot we can do about that. But with the addition of the right.

Substances and lots of good feelings the amount of oxytocin in your system starts to elevate the neurological connections that have been there the longest start to get soft they start to get pliable they start to get malleable they become very very changeable right. That's what the. First half of today was was about learning how to create the environment for maximum change you don't need it to do the techniques we're gonna do. But when you apply the pleasure principle and the oxytocin saturation principle to your bodies when the change is cement they cement deeper and stronger because they're not just subjective their physiological connections in the brain that we change okay.

There's a saying of melisa tears who i have never met actually we pat we wave to each other in the hallways that hypno. Thoughts convention. But apparently she was the one person everybody kept comparing she and i were the two people people kept comparing throughout the convention i. Finally got around to buying her book.

On anxiety and it was like i was reading my own [ __ ] it was very weird very weird. But. I can't wait to kind of hang out with. Melissa and you know cuz.

I'm competitive. But. But a lot of the same things that. Melissa talks about.

I talked about we just we just integrate them differently and that's okay. Because it's the principles that are important it's like the artists artists all paint with the same strokes colors and brushes. But the pictures they create are. Megan you know based on them how they use it right.

We're learning the same thing you guys will not do everything the way. I do that doesn't mean you won't do it as well they're better it means you'll do it your way right. Your canvas is you and you get as many pretty retakes as you want to get it right. No.

Matter how no. Matter where you start with this process remember something today is the worst you'll ever be at it you know everybody here had massive transfer nominal that. I could see okay. You're only going to get better right.

So relax it's already happened. So today we're gonna happen now is hope. I didn't just open loop myself. But we're gonna start going into what we call general negativity clearing everyone everybody clear on this whole sense of self thing that we talked about the formative experiences are important because they are the.

GPS that determine where you go unconsciously right. The rest of it is very very easily actually it's all very changeable it's all very change what all. I don't wanna be standing here the question is is how identified are you with that old person those memories right. The more we can dis identify from them the more that we can separate something we remember from who we are from something we think we are or don't deserve or don't deserve from what we just do something we do the more rapidly you create change the.

Russian sports psychologist back in the 70s when the. Russians were sweeping the. Olympics left and right. One of the most powerful aspects of their sports psychology and autogenic training program was this concept of the things that you identify with in your life control you the things that you dis identify with you gain control over.

NLP has a similar concept that they stole from. I think it was. Gregory. Bateson when we talk about logical levels of belief the highest of which is identity or spiritual.

So you have spiritual identity and you have beliefs capabilities bla bla bla all the way down to just environmental stuff right. When people say. I am fat or. I.

I need to lose weight the i-x is an identity statement it tells us at what level of their experience or what level of their reality those beliefs are held. So play with me a little bit. I want you to give me an identity statement something that's true about you. I am female now try it this way notice how it feels.

I have the experience of being female what changed hey we move from identity to something she was doing and you can always change what you're doing all behaviors that we exhibit all fears anxieties worries they're not us they're just something we're doing and you can always change what you're doing understand that. But what happens is nobody told us this the pictures are. So big they're. So close the experiences are.

So pathetic when where's playing you know the pleasure principle moving the bot moving the stimulus towards the center of the body amplifies this experience moving it further away tends to take it away makes it less intensifies we carry these things very very close to us you'll see this happen all the time people will always show you where they're holding their [ __ ] they have this thing. I can't seem to get rid of it. I can't get past it right. Now how many of you were paying attention to my words how many of you were watching my hands proprioceptive lee i'm literally showing you we're in proximity took.

The core of my body that experience is recorded and filed by the direction of my hands i'm showing you the direction the energy is spinning that my nervous system uses to maintain that experience all of those things have relevance all of those things have meaning okay. We don't just think in pictures we don't just think in feelings don't just think in words we think in all of it simultaneously and they interact and they interweave to create the. Gestalt of our experience you guys know what. I mean when.

I say. Gestalt means everything is lumped together and the whole is greater than the sum of the parts right. It's all these things in one big not for lack of a better word when we learn to do is we learn to kind of piece by piece untie the knot reorganize it and put it where it's most useful there's no. Such thing as a bad feeling there's no.

Such thing as a bad emotion all right. Every feeling we have every behavior whether which are mostly feelings we generate right. Has behind it a positive intention there's something your unconscious mind wants to do for you that the feelings are helping to facilitate now your unconscious mind doesn't always think in terms of your long-term happiness it's matter of fact it doesn't as far as your unconscious mind is concerned everything is now things that happened when you were five years old neurologically speaking are still happening right. Now that means week now beautiful part is the unconscious mind has a beautiful cat organizational system that allows us to sort past from present from future we actually have two codes two sets of codes we have one that is defaulted to our system in other words because you're a human being with a pulse you can put things in a default location and everybody with very few exceptions will have the exact same effect we'll play with that right.

Now put your feet flat on the floor. I want you to think of something that is absolutely amazingly cool wonderful and pleasurable you don't have to tell me what it is. So you can make it as juicy as you want all right. Here's what.

I want you. I want you to imagine that it there's a picture of it right. Out in the space around you somewhere. I want you to reach out and touch it that means follow the drills when.

I say reach out and touch it. I'm gonna reach out and touch it okay. Right. Now take both of your hands trace the edges of it with your hands notice how big it is right.

Grab the edges of it notice where in your body you feel it and. Then just like the window on your iPhone. I want you to grab the others and go pull it make it twice his size notice what happens to the feeling there you go yours is good. I like that alright.

Good now bring it back to its normal size notice what happens to the feeling now make it half the size notice what happens to the feeling that's right. Now bring it back to its regular size make it big again oh yeah now this is your. First drill learning how to work warm up the nervous system what. I want you to now is.

I want you to make it as big as you can stand shrink it as small as you can stand we'll start with that get into it notice how when you make the pictures bigger now as you look. At the picture while you're doing that. I want you to notice that is it notice is the picture color or black and white is it moving or still if it's black and white make it color full color high def if it's a still picture make it a movie notice what happens to the experience notice what happens to your feelings. Then when you know you've got that take that n-word take that picture and move it all the way to your left and notice what happens to the feeling.

I move it all the way to the right. Notice how it changes. Then take that image lift it up over your head and behind you. So it's now behind you notice what happens to the feeling and now leave it there open your eyes.

And look. Up here what happened to the feeling when you put it behind you kind of went away how about you what happened yeah got less how about you. But yet you all had a picture in a different place and. Then you put it in the same place and you had the same response right.

So reach back grab that picture and go and notice how good that feels now just for grins and giggles this is what. I love to do when. I'm doing their therapy sessions with people make it nice and big wrap it around you like a blanket now double it double it again that's pretty cool you can put it back anytime you want now all we did here was reach out and manipulate a picture connect it to the location in our body. But we did it through our imagination right.

The passcode to this level of the building blocks of your experience is your imagination. I believe the closest metaphor. I can come up with it's like the email signature in your email you have your email you get your. Yahoo or your.

Gmail or whatever there's a default template right. And you can type you could do it the hard way and physically type all the letters behind your name and the. URLs that you want. But the.

Next time you go to do it is gone right. Cuz you're gonna you gotta enter it again. But there is a way isn't there for us to go to another level of the program install instructions and it'll do something automatically for us we have a username and a password well in this case your username and password is me and imagination or just imagine right. So as we access this other level of code we want to start to understand how do we give it the instruction to what are what are the building blocks of that computer language running below the surface the the language of that of that system is the size the shape the location color movement not words tones sounds those are the computer language by which your nervous system creates meaning right.

Where these things are located in space also have meaning to your nervous system logically they don't make any sense cognitively they don't make any sense there's cognitively there's no. Reason there's no. Rationale why all the things that. I really really enjoy should be right.

Here there's no. Reason why all the things. I've forgotten about should be down here. But that's where they are in my system that being said you each you have two sets of filing systems one is genetic in other words because you're human being with a pulse people will tend to have certain locations that default to specific types of experience like putting things behind you when we talk about an.

NLP we talk about this thing called timelines if you were to actually reach out and touch something that happened a year ago where would it be reach out and touch it now think of something that happened yesterday reach out and touch that notice there in two different spots notice that each of you pointed to different spots for the same responses right. That's your unique personal code right. Nobody's is exactly like yours that being said you also have an orientation with future in front past and back and you'll hear this in people's languages. I'm looking forward to something.

I can't get past this or. I can't put this behind me these are literal representations of the structure of our thoughts mirrored in our language for those of you with a metaphysical bent there's this thing called the law of analogy which says that which is above mirrors that which is below this is exactly what. I'm talking about someone says. I'm looking forward to something what they're telling you is the structure of their thoughts places that event somewhere in front of them that they can see when they say.

I put that behind me or. I put the past behind me they're literally saying that stuff is back there and it's no. Longer an issue for them right. When people say things are looking up that generally connotes something positive doesn't it that means it's up here somewhere usually above the horizontal plane of the eyes.

When they reach out and touch it it'll be somewhere out here they say that brings me down usually below the horizontal plane of the eyes. Right. Now. I'm getting very generic.

But literally the words that come out of my mouth when. I that. I used to describe an internal experience have a neurological counterpart in the proprioceptive field around my body you see how. I'm gesturing and how.

I'm these gestures mean something neurologically to me they're also firing at some level a significant aspect in you if you want to have real power and influence with people when people talk use their pay attention to the gestures they make and when it's your turn to talk use the same gesture and you'll deepen the level of connection intimacy and rapport that you have because neurologically you're signalling sameness neurologically they know exactly what that gesture means and it fires all the connections that they need to feel connected to go deeper with that right. To the degree that you mismatch those cues you have that lack of chemistry okay. So these are things that you can use to make every aspect of your life easier remember you can only be effective in the world to the degree that you can get people to do what you want them to do. So is this fair say yes.

Okay. It's actually more authentic and genuine way to communicate than the rent we're usually taught right. Because when when you do this with somebody they genuinely feel understood like you got them okay. The.

Next part we want to talk about and again. I kind of jumped the gun on the whole understanding this this this grid kind of thing. But. I wanted to kind of really get you to express and understand how important these pictures are because the.

Next drill that we're going to work with is based on a very big aspect of these pictures. But it's it's the concept. I want you to get now is this thing called somatic bridging now what. I mean by that is remember those picture grab your picture again and make it as big and as juicy z1 if.

I don't wrap it don't wrap it around you yet because. Then your whole system is gonna light up and. I won't have your attention you'll be okay. And that's okay.

You can do that in the privacy of your own room on the bus oh [ __ ] sorry just don't do it at a stoplight unless the cars in park important. But the beautiful part is is that you have control of that you notice that you know you know saying it's not. David doing it to you you're doing it you are taking control of your mind and body at a whole new level right. Now make that picture as big and as juicy as you want take your hand put your hands smack-dab in the middle of it right.

Feel all your tingly parts tingle whatever good now here's what. I want you to do. I want you to notice where that feeling starts in your body okay. What you've just done is created a somatic bridge you've bridged between the subjective reality the imagination that you've created and an external physiological sensation in your body now anything you do to that image will change the sensations in your body.

So start manipulating the image to make it even better add things to it move it around and notice how the feeling changes and shifts tell me you're never going to leave the house again. I did this once and in my unlimited lover seminar one of the girls walks. I was. I don't need men anymore pretty cool huh right.

This is how you work the more you play with it he's having a good time over here the more you play with it the better it gets well there's a lot of ways to take that stage.
