Title: 4kBQtl9Yekg.txt
Video Id: 4kBQtl9Yekg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kBQtl9Yekg

[Music] which is good. So are we all back [Laughter] all right. So that officially concludes with launch. Anyway officially concludes what i call level 1.5 which is not ironically the space between you know borders and things like that.

So now we're officially on what i consider to be our level two information should be showing up on the board shortly and again the vast majority of the information now is going to be concerned with what classical chinese phase reading which is based on anything on the five elements um we consider the metal the the facial characteristics corresponding to the metal element now for our purposes we try to minimize having to know anything about chinese medicine. But it does help to understand conceptually the the source that these traits and attributes kind of spring from and and how they manifest. So once again just to review a little bit about the metal element or specifically people with a strong metallic reservoir of energy they tend to have very symmetrical features in fact of the five elements they are by definition the most refined in appearance the metal element also tends to deal with sense of self. So while someone with a strong wood energy can come across as aggressive and outgoing and assertive and oftentimes authoritative and have a kind of charisma that way metallic people tend to be a little bit on the cooler.

But just as equally strong metallic uh our bossy energy they people have a and again the primary element that uh epitome epitomizes the the metal element is the nose and. Then the cheekbones and the cheekbones specifically deal with exercise of authority the nose itself tends to relate directly to our sense of self in terms of our our self-concept our self-esteem our sense of potential the cheek bones which are also metallic tend to tend to represent how we're going to express that in groups or with people right. So hopefully that'll start to come together it also has some some some other interesting aspects to it as well and uh i'm gonna i'm gonna try to stick to the manual there are a few examples that i think in mr fulfer's book. That i think would be really really useful and if i have time um i'll pull those up during this segment as well if not we'll swing back around once we've gotten through as much of the manual as we can and i'll bring those in and probably in future versions of this manual we'll be integrating some of that material as well.

But by and large you can tell a metallic person a by the amount of space between their features metallic people as a rule have very symmetrical features they have very refined features um think of you know when you think of a wood person you can think of very bold features or very bushy figures it's like they're very prominent. But they're not they're not trimmed they're like untrimmed hedges. So to speak right. Whereas metallic people tend to look.

Like everything's just painted on and very very precise and precision is a very good word that defines people with a strong and we all have metal in us it's just a question of what's the degree and the proportions um they tend to be very regal in their bearing um very refined you know a wood person might go like this and a metal person might go right. You see the difference in the in the expression it's the same it's the same gesture. But the energy around it's different right. They tend to be very sensitive people and what i mean sensitive is they're very aware of when things aren't right.

In the environment and it bothers them a lot right. They also have a predilection towards aesthetics and what i mean by that is they they everything has to look. Good everything has to be beautiful and orderly beautiful and orderly met wood people beautiful is good enough right. But metal people beautiful and orderly right.

Um they tend to like things a certain way and if they if you vary from that particular way of doing it it's off that makes these people very very um challenging lovers because there's a specific way they like things done and if you vary from if you deviate from the plan even if it's better it isn't right. Right. So let's see here is there anything in here else that um metallic people also tend to be very constrained and what i mean by constrained is they don't emote loudly they don't like blast people like wood people when people explode right. The difference when a wood person explodes there's force and magnitude when a fire person explodes there's just magnitude there's no.

There's no. Push it's just all done and. Then they're off with it right. Metal people simmer and they get and and the more angry they get the colder that angry that anger gets.

So these are metal people when they express anger if they they don't actually you ask the mental person what's going nothing you all have this experience what's wrong honey nothing and. Then the temperature in a room drops another 10 degrees right. And when metal people get mad they cut you off you're done that's it you don't exist anymore right. So [Laughter] right.

Um. So yeah and that drives with people crazy in case you didn't notice because when people like to when they're angry they like to engage like let's get this out let's fight come on you let's see here. So nose notes level two diagnostically we're gonna we're gonna focus on the nose. First.

Then we're going to transition into the cheekbones diagnostically the the nose is actually a hologram of the spine now i haven't played with this too much clinically. But i think it would be interesting to see how many cases of scoliosis correspond to a crooked nose or an asymmetry in the nasal bone okay. Um the nose is is a hologram of your spine the spine is the primary energy channel or the the the the yin and yang energy channels that feed the rest of the body. So when you start looking at the spine what's your look.

And the areas around the spine what you're looking at is a holographic representation of the level of energy that can come into the body where the blockages along the spine miter might not be and where they exit how much can go out there's a lot that we can look. At and in the energy classes we're going to be teaching in the future i've just decided that we're going to do a whole nother series of energy classes for people who want to go deep dish into that stuff. But it's not it's not this does that make sense it's often we will land a little bit. So when we look.

At and we're going to we're going to spend some time looking about at um what we call the money box which is the opening and the closing of that that spinal area and how it relates to how you manage energy which is equivalent to money money is a form of energy and it can be you can you can gauge a person's spending and acquisition abilities based on this area of the face as well okay. Other metal areas of the body include the shoulders and upper back the colon and the large intestine the lungs themselves the bronchi are directly related to the metal element the skin which is an extension of the lungs believe it or not body hair you might think that it's a lot of people think that um hair is related to the wood element it's actually not it's actually related to the metal element okay. The cheekbones and upper cheeks and. Then at the.

Last bullet here is actually not a metal point. But because it falls into the geography of the cheek it's an earth area we call it the lower cheeks in in lillian's system they would call them the money bag area okay. And that's an earth associated point okay. So nasal architecture you have the bridge of the nose okay.

Top and bottom you have the length the width how how fleshy or bony the area is um how far out from the body does it extend you have the base of the nose which is also known as the ala nasi and. Then you've had the nostrils themselves each of these components will tell us things about that person okay. Psycho-emotionally the metal element is related to the the emotions of grief and sadness on a more positive or transformational level though the emotion of gratitude is the emotion that heals metal elements or mental issues. So the more you have somebody suffering from a lot of grief and loss in their life the more you can get them focused on things they're grateful for and feeling that gratitude for those things the more of a healing transformational alchemical effect you will have on lung related issues okay.

Um again the middle element also determines ego strength boundaries and self-esteem. So you can see that there's a lot there's a lot of things that emanate from the metal element and a strong metal element is is can be a very powerful force to deal with it could also be a very challenging force to deal with. So it has to be balanced self-worth and the feeling of lacquer plenty are also related to the metal element okay. So we talk about the bridge of the nose this area right.

Up in here the top of this area is known as related to the spleen in chinese medic the chinese medical model did not have a did not have a pancreas if you look. At all the all this the records and all the treatises on chinese medicine you will not find a mention of a pancreas because they collapsed the concept of pancreas the organ or gland of the pancreas in with the organ of the spleen energy system. So that when you when you tell when people are talking about spleen energy we're also talking about the pancreas you have to ask them i don't know. But that's functionally how it works.

So when you hear me talking about the spleen i'm also tending to talk about blood sugar issues as well okay. Uh the pancreas can be seen at the lower portion of that bridge. So the upper part here is where we start to see spleen issues and. Then if they start to travel down we're looking at pancreas issues blood sugar irregularities things of that nature okay.

If you have long lines extending from the liver area which is up in here down through and around this area this is where we get a lot of questions on the. Last face reading class when lines extend down around this curve into this area you're looking at energies that are dealing with the spleen in the pancreas which is usually worry and overthinking worry and overthinking okay. These are the issues that directly affect blood sugar and the spleen energy system if there's a color in this area it could indicate a color change or different change in coloration from the rest of the surrounding area it can it can indicate a an organic dysfunction now this class will not cut we'll not be talking about colorations okay. That's more of a chinese health diagnostic process we will be doing classes on that.

But that is not why we're here to talk about we're here to talk about today okay. Um. So let's talk about the money box once again let me see i can pull up i'll put my buddy here this is joe joe well we're to play with this a little bit. But um.

So when we look. At the area here can you guys see my cursor moving. So we have the bridge of the nose here this area here is what we call this this whole area is called the money box this whole area is called the money box the top and it's like a funnel the top of the funnel tells us the top of the funnel tells us how much energy slash money can go in the bottom of the funnel tells us how much energy can go out ideally we would like this area and this area to at the very least be equal ideally or my preference would be for this area to be larger and this area to be smaller okay. Why i want more coming in than is going out.

So i can accumulate the problem with metallic people is especially with this particular idea is that um they can spend a lot why because things need to be just. So that doesn't mean they don't like a bargain we'll talk about when we get to nostrils we'll talk about bargain hunters right. But ideally we would like we would like more energy we would like to hold on to energy. But here here again we have to be careful because people think more energy is good more energy is not good unless it's regulated and it flows smoothly and freely if you don't have smooth energy regulation and you have too much energy you have illness you're going to have problems.

So it's always more important to regulate the energy you have and to keep it moving than it is to try and acquire more and again here because i must have had a very narrow forehead when i was younger didn't believe that in the books right. I felt more energy was better well i had a young i had a younger body i could handle more energy right. Now those things become problematic as you get older because the emphasis isn't on cleaning the symptoms the system to keep things flowing smoothly and. So we build and we build and we build and we get more and more toxic we get more stagnant and happens.

So uh we'll go we'll bring jack back. Later. So the bridge of the nose is believed to represent how much energy or money a person could accumulate or lose over time the relative width of the bridge of the nose let's go back to jack here tells you how much can come in now jack here has a pretty good money nose doesn't he right. Uh as opposed to jack's twin brother jack right.

This guy's gonna spend his life away right. Right. Base of the nose indicates how much money can be saved or lost now bigger wider equals more energy it can come in smaller narrower not. So much right.

This person with a smaller narrower nose can has a tendency to be able to save more they tend to be a little bit more discriminating in what they purchase um sometimes they actually spend more trying to save money because they're consummate bargain hunters what's wrong teresa once again the size and dimensions of the feature dictate the the degree of strength that the element has or that the attribute has bigger stronger more defined and beautiful the nose the more the metal element expresses itself smaller noses equal smaller level of the trait and in some cases the opposite um large noses and chinese medicine theorizes that people with large noses evolved as a survival characteristic for nomadic tribes uh specifically when people have these large you know these law and especially these long noses the theory behind this is is that they developed a longer nasal tube to warm cold air as it passed through into the body and. So many times you will see that people from these colder climates have much longer more alkaline noses than uh people from tropical environments who tend to have a little bit of it on a flatter nose a little bit more broad nose a little bit shorter they don't need that long nasal tube because the warm the air is usually warm okay. And that does affect spending and approaches to things of that nature. So this is a large nose large nose large sense of self large sense of deservingness as opposed to entitlement large ego large large large large equate you can quite large with strong okay.

And i can show you some i can pull up some large noses on jack. Later people with large noses often have strong egos and ego needs okay. And what i mean by that is not only many times do they have a strong personality. But they like to have a lot of praise as well they like to talk about their their achievements and and let you know all the amazing things they've done and why you should be impressed with them things of that nature.

So they sometimes come across as rather pompous in some cases right. Because their favorite subject as isn't everybody else is themselves. But these people are achievers they they're they're they're gonna just they're just gonna move through the world as of like a force of nature doing whatever they want to do right. So many times you will see people who are very successful in the business world have very very strong very very powerful noses right.

Um they're very ambitious people very ambitious right. And and they and they feel like they deserve to have success as opposed to being entitled to it right. Deserving that says i want that and i'm going to do whatever it takes to get it because i deserve to have it entitlement says i don't have that the universe jit me you have it. So you should give it to me that's entitlement right.

Large noses are usually a sign of a strong sense of self and personal power subjects with large noses tend to use their power in a drive to make the world a better place. So these people actually have a sense of mission that goes beyond them they they want to have an impact in the world right. You get steve jobs steve jobs didn't have a very large nose from a in a meaty sense. But he had a very metallic very long nose he wanted to change the world right.

So people with these and especially in in relation to the rest of the face that have a a large nose they they want to they want to have an impact they want something that's going to outlast them does that make sense right. So when you talk to these people appeal to that that sense of making a mark in the world kind of a thing like you matter because that's really what drives them a lot metal energy people tend to focus on ideals over things and again because this particular nose is a is one of the primary metal features you're going to find a lot of times that not only do these people do well in business they also are very ideal driven they have they'll fund causes that they believe in right. Social justice or greenpeace or whatever that is right. Uh let's see here yeah um they love to be recognized i think i covered that already and again they're not going to have a small ego i've never seen anybody with a large nose who was a shrinking violet they're not always the smartest cookies in the jar.

But they don't give a they're going to go and do what they think is right. Anyway um interestingly because because the uh the lungs are related to the metal element when people and remember there were some other areas we talked about in terms of of the metallic element you have the nose of course you have the cheekbones you have the upper back and shoulders upper neck and shoulders you have the lungs when people are feeling good about themselves and their metal energy is strong the lungs will inflate like balloons and they'll kind of put her put on this big chested kind of a strut right. Because the lungs are inflated they stand up straight. So it goes right.

To posture conversely because the element of metal is also related to sense of self when we're feeling depressed or less than the balloons of the lungs will deflate and the shoulders will roll forward because there's no. Air right. Right. Small noses that's little cutie nose people with small noses tend to have less confidence most more than half they might have more they have more of a desire to play.

So think of um someone with a very large nose they're having fun. But they're driven like they have a mission right. People with small noses they want to kick back have some fun play a little bit a little bit more fiery right. They tend to want to blend in too um and the more and if you've got people on the team with these small noses the more play-like you can make the work the better off and happier they're going to be right.

Um i hope. So are they less curious i don't think. So i don't think they're any less curious i think they're just they just don't want to take things quite as serious they're not as comfortable with seriousness and again when we look. At when you look.

At fire the physiognomy of fire you'll notice that everything's pointy right. Um and they're very flighty they're very creative they're they don't like to be fenced in or locked in right. And. So you see a little and and and fiery people tend to be small they tend to be very small in stature right.

But they're all over the place right. They're mourning people i hate those right. They also have a tenant desire again you're going to see once again the nose relates to self right. So here's a direct analog nose that sticks out from the face desire to stand out in a crowd nose that's smaller blends in with the face desire to blend in with the crowd to use an old chinese a chinese metaphor proverb that was actually more negative the nail that sticks up the most gets hammered down.

First right. Well big nosed people are the nail right. But they're usually a lot harder to nail down than the rest of the people right. So you see this again this direct correlation between the size of the proboscis and the desire to stand out and we'll we'll cover that even more in depth actually shortly the size of the proboscis the nose the big long worm i should just say knows right.

Damn it you told me you wouldn't use jargon i lied. Anyway they tend to prefer an easier lifestyle these small news people tending for an easier lifestyle why it's easier one day when these lifestyles because they follow the herd they follow her they just want what everybody else has they don't want something they all think they want something more when it comes to actually taking the action to get it no. They'll do what everybody else does they'll see where everybody else is and they stop wow um they often long for the glory days of old when life was left less rushed and people were friendlier and they do not embrace change quite as quickly as large people large nose people change the world small nose people just want the world to stay the way it was with what's familiar understand right. We all have those experiences when we uh we hear a song on the radio we remember what it was like cruising around at 16 listening to that song on the radio.

Then you hear your kids music like what the is that that's not music hey unless you're a big nose person. Then you're out there dancing with everybody else they tend to enjoy group activities or to be part of a family or group. So once again if you have people with these small noses put them in an occupation or an activity that they're part of a group and they they feel part of a group and they'll be happy okay. They tend to make very loyal employees okay.

Why because they don't have ambition to go beyond their cogs in a wheel and that's not a bad thing it really isn't the for those of us who have ambition and have a big nose it's always a bad thing. But that's just a perspective longer noses once again often go hand in hand with a big nose. But not always. So now we're looking at the length of the nose itself not just the overall size the fleshiness how much broad space does it take you know how broad is it up here versus how broad here now we're looking at just the length long-nosed people tend to have a lone wolf or a loner mentality we call this we tend to call this a pioneers it borders what we call a pioneers nose these people tend to just want to make their own way in the world they don't really want to be part of a group although they don't really mind if people want to follow them they're just not going to worry about it right.

They're happy going to the movies by themselves they're happy going places they would go because they want to go there right. If you want to come along fine. But i'm going bye right. They're not going to beg you to they they won't stay home if you don't want to go right.

Um these people tend to have a very subtle. But very strong drive to succeed despite the obstacles. So again they're very relentless people they follow their nose and their nose extends out from the face and that's one of the things that once again the further that nose extends from the flat plane of the face outward the more pioneering they become right. The more of this i'm going to go and chart uncharted territories and do my own thing and follow my own beat of my own drum and those captain my own ship they're also ambitious as you can probably have guessed because it goes along with a big nose they have a willingness to work hard to achieve their goals if they decide this is a great entrepreneur's nose right.

If they decide that this is what they want it's not work anymore even though we may be busting their back i was going to use a lower part of my anatomy to describe that. But i figured we have a g audience. But they're going to if they see something if they have an idea for a book. Or a business get out of the way right.

They're not going to be easily deterred and they feel a strong sense of accomplishment uh when they do these things right. Like this this manual that you're that you know 132-page manual i did in three days my metal was all over the place when that came out it's like that's i felt. So good i can't stop talking about this manual right. Even though i know it's rough in a lot of places.

But i felt i felt good about myself my metal was happy i had pinocchio nose [Laughter] hey variations on the long nose or the large nose include the extended or elongated nose this is often known as the trailblazer or pioneer nose if you see someone with this nose get out of their mind okay. These are people who are just they're gonna go into uncharted territory they're gonna figure it out and they're gonna succeed they're relentless and again if you look. Look. At how far that nose extends from the flat pane of the face the bump in the nose relates to um this willingness to be told what to do people are desire to be in charge.

So people with a bump in their nose whether it's obvious or not have a strong desire to be the boss that's why this is an entrepreneur's nose this is not this is not a nose that you want for an employee who's going to be playing and especially one that's got to be like micromanaged or has somebody has to have somebody over you know that had that in a job description that needs somebody looking over their shoulder a lot they're not going to do well they're going to be very resentful right. But you if you give this person a job where they have huge amounts of autonomy the ability to do things the way they think is is the most uh appropriate way they're going to do better. But they're still going to want to be in charge okay. So these people make great entrepreneurs they make great self-starters these people tend to always be looking for the better way to do something okay.

They dislike routine they don't like to follow the herd right. You go to us you know you get one of these people in with a small nose person and the pioneer goes up why are you doing that well we've done it that way for 20 years why why don't you just do it like this this and this well because we've never done it that way exactly right. That's exactly again the whole idea of new and better right. Not always the case though sometimes newer is not better right.

They tend to be progressives okay. Flatter noses now look. Again if we look. At this nose this knows very aqualine.

But doesn't extend nearly as far from the face especially up in here right. So flatter nose people as you can probably guess are the on the opposite end of the continuum they're not people who want to stand out they don't want the attention they like attention in certain contexts. But not as a way of um separating them from the herd the big nose people want to separate themselves from the pack right. Because they know if you're not the lead dog the view is always the same well people with this kind of nose don't mind looking at another person's butt for extended periods of time metaphorically speaking these people are tradition i call them the traditionalists these are my terms they tend to be very cooperative they're very group oriented they're more socialistic and i don't mean that in a bad way.

But they're more about what's good for the group right. What's you know what does this society want or what's a good community um they belong to people who are tend to be content with the life they have they're not going to break they're not going to upset the status quo large nose people status quo isn't good enough something's got to change right. Um they're slower to grasp innovation uh they again they prefer the old-fashioned way to the newer ways of doing things okay. They don't do change well right.

They tend to be more conforming much less adventurous um they're very self-conscious people and what that means is like if they're in a group they don't want to be singled out they don't want they want to blend in just like the smaller nose variety again you can see the parallels with this small nose desire to blend in flatter nose it's an analog of small desire to blend in or not be singled out okay. They do tend to be cooperative because they like to be part of a group right. Um they have this trouble wrapping their heads around dangerous stuff stuff that involves risk to life money reputation uh social status they you know when they see people doing these these provocative and dangerous things they're like i i why are you doing that right. They can't understand why somebody would want to go do that why did you climb mount everest because it was there huh right.

Why did you invest all of your money in this business that you didn't know would take off because i thought it was a good idea really right. It's it's it's just this is a kind of conservative risk management and overly risk managed type of life now what's interesting is these people also these people can often enjoy other people's stuff vicariously as long as it doesn't involve them they can kind of like if they're watching something on tv they can like be thrilled for that person even though they know they would never do that i would never do that. But that was exciting right. So they prefer achievements that come from team efforts.

So once again these people are all you know if you can say this if let's go team these people are going to be more on board whereas if you go to somebody with the pioneers knows they go go team they go you all right. What's this going to do for me let me tell you how i'm going to run this team right. Flat nose or fleshy nose and i have i'll pull up some fleshy noses on jack this one's from lillian's book. So now we're talking about this nose could be long it could be short it could be broad.

But. But whatever it is it's got a lot of flesh to it and a lot of times when you see fleshy is almost the opposite of aqualine aqualine is a very refined delicate almost beveled and sanded and smooth kind of an energy whereas fleshy is like somebody took. A big lump of clay roughly nose shaped and plopped it on your face right. Big fleshy nose these people have a little bit more earth in them okay.

And earth is the mother of metal okay. We call this the money nose and anytime we're talking about earth we're talking about money okay. It's a sign of materialism these are people who love their stuff they love their creature comforts like their food their drink their plushy fluffy uh toilet seats you know um they it indicates the ability to appreciate and accumulate stuff right. Uh and they tend to derive pleasure from having their things all around them like earth people their favorite place to be is in their chair and everything they need is in reach right.

You see this in the nose um and they accumulate again these are other examples of the bulbous nose which is even more grandiose than the fleshy nose okay. These people with these really fleshy noses taken to extreme they have a tendency towards over-indulgence these are people who are going to consume excessive quantities of food or drink they're going to pamper themselves a little more than most people would find comfortable right. They like to live hedonistically the bigger and more bulbous the nose um the tendency that towards that the tendency towards that hedonistic side right. You're actually not that bad john i've been here i've seen worse the narrow thin nose as you can probably extrapolate and that's kind of the reason why i gave you the the heuristics the beginning of class is because trying to memorize all of the nuances of these noses it can be a lot.

But if you understand the basic outliers the parameters you know large versus small wide versus narrow and and the continuum that they're on you can look. At somebody's nose and derive based on what on those on those heuristics what that notes probably means and that's that makes you that makes you functional fast right. So these people tend to value money are ideals over money. So the longer thin or the thinner narrower no's they're not about stuff.

So you see once again that continuum flesh broad stuff things that you can you know material world material girl kind of a thing narrower thinner ideals things that are intangible the way the world should be right. Versus the way the world is right. Um they tend to value ideals over money they tend to value ideals over things right. These are also the you know again my politically incorrect humor these are the people who say you've got a lot let's give some of your to them and they don't bother asking why because it's an ideal the people who have more should automatically donate to the people who don't have it because they don't have it and you do it doesn't matter if you work for it it doesn't matter because it's an idea right.

And of course there's people who say i work hard for my money why should i give it to you that also isn't ideal okay. And all ideals are even mine all i feels are our belief systems that people have and all belief systems are made up all belief systems are based on a decision you made about the way the world is or should be based on the information you had and the feelings in your body at the time they're all all of them every belief system that people anybody spouses is it's something somebody made up that they like and if it works for them they should keep it. But if that belief system doesn't work. Then maybe they should think about changing it you don't have to believe anything i say just do what i tell you right.

And validate or invalidate the results based on that. But that's the whole thing we need to understand is all beliefs and this is this is david's ideal all belief systems are even mine. But do they work for you do they produce in your life the results that you're looking for if they are indulged keep them right. If they don't think about maybe changing them and how you might do that okay.

But people with these long thin noses are instead of narrow noses very aqualine very streamlined these people are idealists and they're they're adamant they're they're maniacal many times about the way the world should be they're not practical oriented people in general they're very strong ideals and they will cling to those ideals okay. Uh to the point where um let's cover this part real quick they care more about the beauty the quality of the beauty of the things they have rather than how much of it they have they would have rather have one or two really beautiful pieces than a whole collection of things of that nature you understand they might have one or two really beautiful elegant pieces of clothing and a whole closet full of stuff that's good enough does that make sense and that relates here also to this concept here if it ain't right. It's wrong like there's no. Such thing as close okay.

They would rather have exactly what they want rather than manage with something temporarily that's not quite up to standards they'd rather do without literally my way or the highway right. If they can't have exactly what they want they don't want anything and again these are tendencies they're not set in stone i say them a lot like they're absolutes remember i'm talking about these being tendencies and we've all had these moments when our metal got up and we got all idealistic and right. The bony nose contrast this with our fleshy nose now remember flesh was like someone took. A big lump of clay right.

On there right. On our face the bony nose has very little skin and the skin itself is very tight theresa has a nice accurate somewhat bony nose um she's got a bony nose right. Um [Music] lillian has a bit of a bony nose giano. Has a actually a bit of a short note.

But he has actually a pretty good money funnel which is why you can afford my um which i appreciate about jen. But the bony knows people uh they these people tend to believe it or not they issue mystery material things and would rather live simply and in some cases aesthetically now you guys aren't super bony you you're actually kind of on the bony side yeah i've had injuries too okay. Um they often value a lifestyle based on their values and their ideals more. So than or in extreme cases they like they embrace that whole monastic side of things.

So this is the yoga person who goes to every yoga retreat has a certain diet i mean these people embrace that that i don't want to use this word almost cultish kind of uh devotion to a lifestyle right. She comes to every hypnosis training i've seen that's devotion to a lifestyle [Laughter] in society have evolved from the moon hare krishna kinds of people to what we call the concept of micro cults they're very intelligent you can have financial cults you can have sex cults you can have uh self-help cults. But they're micro they're very they're very modular as opposed to the big organizations that used to be out there all of your mlms are our textbook. Cult indoctrination right.

But they're financial based right. So look. At the noses in those especially the people at the top versus the people at the bottom they work extremely hard. But they don't just do it for the money they do it because they care more about the ideals and the causes that those that that money serves right.

They're very very ideally ideal driven again i'm not i'm not putting ideas down at all ideals are a great concept. But at the end of the day it's the law of the jungle not the law of it's not the rule of society. So we have to find that happy place um bridges of the nose wide bridge of the nose here we see a nice very very thick bridge this nose is actually quite short if you look. At in terms of the face.

But it's the the bridge itself is very very thick obvious person has some obvious spleen or blood sugar issues because there's some discoloration here um as well as some signs of over thinking or worry. But here we got blood sugar issues. So some kind of dysregulation in the blood sugar system is probably going on there. But this person has a very wide nose indicates a very strong spine the broader and thicker that the bridge of that nose is the stronger the backs these people tend to have right.

I don't think i've seen any grapplers any successful grapplers with a thin bridge of their nose grapplers people who do like jiu jitsu or wrestling or those kinds of would that involve a lot of moving heavy objects around i've yet to see one with with a thin bridge of the nose that was that was successful or didn't have a lot of injuries right. There are some people who are just feel compelled to compete in those arenas and physiologically they're just not cut out for it and. So they get a lot of injuries because they're not their bodies not built for that right. But they have an ideal they have a belief right.

When they write checks their body can't cash right. Uh they tend to have a lot of strength and stamina these are very this is a jing thing man these people have very very strong spines they can do a lot of physically right. They tend to work they can work harder right. Uh they tend to make money in large amounts because they work hard right.

Um the person literally literally has extra energy for making money okay. And money because they're willing to work it tends to come in larger quantities this is again goes back to that whole money funnel concept bigger end of the funnel money can come in easier. But it can also come in in larger amounts and that's an important distinction to make people with a small bridge can also make money. But it comes in smaller increments you understand the difference you can still make money and accumulate wealth if you have a smaller top of your funnel.

But it comes in smaller increments you know someone with a big nose may pull in a thousand dollars you know a unit whereas a person with a smaller nose may only be bringing in you know 100 a unit. So they have to work 10 times as hard or 10 you know 10 times longer to accumulate that same amount. But they can still do it okay. Narrow bridge again more delicate spine again if you've got a a very narrow bridge of your nose and you're you're like to do mma stuff i hope you're i hope you're fighting people with other narrow bridge noses because that's all i got to say they tend to have less energy for manual labor these are not people who are constitutionally designed unless they've got other features that buffer that like a very strong job very pronounced brow ridge or something like that these are not people who are designed for manual hard physical labor okay.

These are people who are designed for mental work problem solving book. Work um accounting research these are very very cerebral i don't want to say cerebral. But they're they excel better at mental tasks because they just don't have the physical support system to do a lot of manual labor or physical stuff now that doesn't mean if you decide to go to the gym marshall up your willpower and start lifting weights and doing squats that you won't get a bigger bridge of your nose nothing you have is stuck everything can change it's just a question of how long it takes okay. Let's see here and again they tend to accumulate energy in smaller units or smaller increments right.

And again this one bumps in the bridge of the nose we talked about this a little bit people there's two there's two ways these bumps manifest it's either an obvious bump or it's one that you only feel when you palpate the nose people who have an obvious bump want to be in charge they like to be the boss and they're very they're very overt about it okay. People with a bump that you is hidden or camouflaged. But you can feel that when you palpate they secretly want to be in charge they secretly want to be in charge. So these people when you get them in a group and they're not the boss they may slowly try to usurp other people's responsibilities or they may creatively interpret what they think the person leading the group actually meant subtle ways of taking over right.

And they're testing their one of the things that they're doing here a lot of times is they're testing the boundaries of the person in charge to see how much they can get away with right. And if the person who is um in charge has a better nose than them they're going to get slapped especially if they got cheekbones okay. These people tend to also have a higher degree of pride they tend to do better as the leader of a group in fact they tend to rise to the occasion as a leader of the group than they do as an indian you'll get better performance from these people if you put them in charge of the group. Then that's part of a team member it's just it goes to their sense of self they think i'm the leader i've got to show these people how it's done i've got to be the example they rise they're part of an indian they're part of they're part of the cluster they're not separated from the crowd they have a better idea of how things should be run uh that may get passive aggressive right.

May or may not right. But they have an inner drive to take over or to to be the boss people with upturned noses these are some good ones if the nose slopes and. Then turns upward the subject is more of a follower than such a nose would indicate in other words we would tend to think that if the nose is extending further out from the body that these people want to be more pioneering. But for some reason because of the the upturn of the nose the energy comes back and.

So these people tend to be more like the smaller nosed variety in fact people with this kind of noise often have a smaller nose. But it has a little upturn to it right. Um these people tend to blend in more they want to be part of the group um they work uh the work of this individual pays off because the energy down has had to come back to the person. Later uh nostrils are we good with noses.

So far okay. Should we jump into nostrils or okay. Because i can you guys chance to break up and do this or we can do nostrils we'll do nostrils we'll do the whole nose just get the money box out of the way right. So wide nostrils now nostrils themselves govern how much energy or i.e money can flow out and depending on the the shape and the size of the nostril will determine the spending behaviors that people engage in okay.

So people with wide nostrils obviously indicate a person who can spend large amounts of energy and money in large amounts easy come easy go now if this part is small and this part is big watch out okay. Especially if you're in a relationship with these people don't give them access to your bank account right. Especially if they've got a hook. In their nose or or a sloped forehead right.

These people tend to be a little bit more on the cunning side. So they may be spent they'll spend your money extremely well and. Then. Anyway easy come easy go large noses they can spend money and energy in large amounts at one time.

So if the person's got a big nose small nostrils they may accumulate money they may hold on to their money and they'll spend it wisely a person with a big nose big nostrils 100 grand for that condo here you go right. Or someone with a much smaller nose might say well can we break that up into payments right. Narrow nostrils this narrow nostrils are people who value their money a little bit more um they still spend. But they're looking for the best deal.

So they're very discriminating in how they spend their money lillian when she was buying some of our tickets she found a way to to combine discounts and webinar specials in a way that pissed us off. But she pulled it off because she was shrewd that way right. Um she got a good she got a better deal than we were offering because she knew how to how to do things based on what our back room offers were versus what our webinar offers were right. We fixed that thank you lillian.

So now if you try to pull it off it won't work why because of her. Anyway uh. But it's people like that who actually find the loopholes in our systems right. And.

Then we can fix them uh let's see here they tend to buy large quantities of stuff at a discount this is where they often spend more money in the effort to save money right. They know like if they go to costco they know that in a year's time they can only do they can only use. So much toilet paper. But the deal is buy one get one half off they only need one right.

But they'll buy two even though they're never gonna need it for another year they'll spend the extra money to get another year's worth of stuff when they only had to spend enough for one because they only needed one a lot of people do this this is why in that lust to save to get the biggest buck they often spend more than they have to because they don't use the excess right. Or by the time i get around to using it it goes bad right. My wife is this way oh my god she will spend a dollar to save a dime this is crazy. But uh in terms of energy and money they look.

At they look. At different circumstances um to determine if the energy the money required spending it pays off. Later they will use their energy money to make the payment. So if they know in the long run there's going to be a positive return they're more willing to do it.

So they're more long-term thinkers they're very strategic in what they do okay. They're always looking for bargains they're looking to buy things on sale and they're they're people who are focused more on the value that they invest as opposed to people who just want it now they want the convenience of it just give it to i don't care it's ten dollars more to get it now give it to me i'm not proud arrogant maybe. But i'm not proud okay. Small nostrils indicate a person who likes to hold on to their money right.

Um they don't like to spend any money at any time okay. Um does not mean they're cheap by the way. But they do remember every time they go they reach into that wallet to pull out a buck or without that credit card they remember every hour of toil and trouble and blood and sweat and tears that went into earning the money they're about to give away and. So it makes them very very hesitant to just part with it for a frivolous reason right.

They tend to evaluate how much things cost before they spend um [Music]. But they spend well that's one of the things because they know how hard they work for it my you know whenever people would come to me and this this was especially true um my wife is she grew up in communist china she they did not have a lot of money they were in their poverty conditions most of the time. So she is very very very conscious of every penny every penny she's just you can feel the agony yet she loves value she's very metallic me i see something i want how much is it can i get it now here my wife goes what are you doing i said we'll make more money well it cost that's. So expensive i'll just make more money that's literally what i say that's the mentor i'll just make more money and i do for some mysterious reason right.

Because it's a flow and it's energy and as long as energy is flowing it's growing right. As long as you continue to cultivate the things that allow energy to come in. Then it will when you spend you should spend in ways that you know are going to come back to you right. Um.

But this is that's just my attitude because a lot of people think there's not enough money there's more money now in the world than there's ever been baylor says this he says it really well remember once upon a time there was no. Money and now look. How much there is and different kinds and different kinds right. There is we live in an abundant universe if you're willing to go after it if you're willing to become the person for whom that abundance can flow to and sometimes in order to get that abundance to flow to you you have to flow to it which means you have to invest to you have to sew in order to read right.

And some people are just they're just polarized in that way they don't want it they want something for nothing and that's human nature by the way um me i just i just learned through trial and error because i must have had a narrow forehead that the more discomfort you create for yourself the more rapid the growth and that's especially true in the realm of finances okay. But again remember you can always make more there's there's no. Limit in spite of what people might want you to believe there's no. Limit the only limit is in you here right.

Um they don't let go videos okay. Flared nostrils i actually have a whole in my little forensic software thing i have a whole section of flared nostrils it's kind of fun. But these people always look. Like they're they're snorting fire right.

It's like i i don't think you can see it from there like i can make my nostrils flare that was a little game my sister and i used to play what body parts can you wiggle never mind. So these people tend to have a little bit of an enhanced ability to smell they're much more sensitive to scent uh they also have an increased need for buying things that have an aesthetic value in other words they like beautiful stuff they like things that smell nice that taste nice that look. Nice they're very very attuned to beauty much more. So than the other noses um the alanis i have the sides of the nose this again it goes to the money box if you have very firm very well defined the nostrils are the holes the ally are the little fletchy parts okay.

And they govern spending and saving behaviors um oh just the. Last part here these people have really good taste and they tend not to spend money on things that are not beautiful. So for these people packaging matters right. They will go to a five-star restaurant and they will be more fo they will judge how good the food is based on how pretty it is on the plate me i just stuff it in my eating hole when i'm done and.

Then i ask for the. Next round um. So alain as i govern spending and and saving behaviors the firm well-defined ally see these are very very smooth they're very obvious there's no. There's no.

They're not it's not perfectly symmetrical um. But it is very very defined it's it's very metallic as opposed to some nostrils or nasal i'll show you. Later are actually quite misshapen they're very asymmetrical all right. These people tend to be very disciplined with money uh they tend to be able to hold on to it very well and they're good at saving people with a less defined there's jack jack's back less defined you notice the there's they're not it's not quite as uniform here right.

It's not symmetrical right. These people are a little bit more um sloppy lazy um in terms of their personal routines their finances they're not as they don't monitor things quite as closely. So they don't have that discipline that somebody with a very defined ally is going to demonstrate okay. More laissez faire i guess is a good way of saying it to use terms people with a very flat now some some of our allies they'll stick further out from the face a lot of them will be more flat almost like gorilla type flat right.

Um maybe i can show you some flattened some flatter ally like here that's a little extreme. But you can start to see how these kind of these kind of pair down all right. Now what's what's obvious about y'all laugh what's obvious about this that nose doesn't fit that face right. If you see something like this on a human being pay really close attention because now the traits are amplified okay.

And. So this is going to talk about uh a nose should should should be in harmony with the face does this in harmony with the face. So again is that more in harmony with that face you can feel it can't you right. It just blends.

So be very very aware of that something's not right. There okay. Again another example of a very flat ally these people tend to be very undisciplined both personally and financially again at the risk of sounding judgmental or biased which is kind of a human thing um you see a lot of these people in the boxing gym they're the ones who are the nickel and dime prize fighters they don't they don't have the discipline to get to the big ring. So to speak again i'm i'm giving a horrible generalization.

But um these are people that tend to be a little bit more undisciplined they're just they talk big they don't deliver they make good grunts. But you know don't expect them to change the world many times right. Their spending tends to they don't not discipline with their money they're not disciplined with their finances their lifestyles um those kinds of things cheekbones okay. I think we have let's play with noses.

So that's uh that's going to cover the nose in the money box concept. So again we're looking at top of the money funnel is the bridge of the nose how wide is it the length of the nose is it very fleshy is it very bony is it long is it short is there a is there a bone or is there a bump in it right. Are the nostrils large are they narrow um are they small are they big right. Is the are the sides of the nose how well defined are they are they fleshy are they symmetrical these are all things again if you look.

At this yin yang continuum that we started with you can start to extrapolate both ends and you can start to derive meanings from that any questions before we jump into our breakout okay. Then it is 4 30 let's take 45 minutes for this right. And follow your nose you guys on youtube thanks for joining us hope you enjoyed it post your comments share it and like it.
