Title: K3BttQEBw_g.txt
Video Id: K3BttQEBw_g
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3BttQEBw_g

Yeah yeah it's based on something what we call presupposition there are certain things that are in order for what you're you're you're interpreting to be true a whole bunch of other things have to be assumed to be true as well yeah right. Like your own value system is what it you base your comprehension of what absolutely absolutely we call that a we call that. Criterion rules let me give you a linguistic example that'll kind of really pull this out to you. I teach a lot of conversational hypnosis and one of the things that uh.

Tracy can you see if we can get a uh an eraser for the for the board please one of the things that. I teach is something called the adverb adjective presupposition okay. Now in in traditional academic. English we are generally taught that if we were going to say for example the dog that was ready for this blue now fast rewind real quick when.

I said the dog how many people saw a dog in your head right. Before. I said the color how many had a blue one what color was your dog. I didn't think of a color dog all right.

But you saw a dog right. What color is the dog the dog that. I saw mhm black and white black and white right. What happens is your conscious mind pays attention to the the words your unconscious mind pays attention to the structure and the moment it hears something like the word dog it starts accessing every file in your system connected to the word dog and it spits up a picture based on that.

Association what. I did here was. I gave you a poorly was not poorly actually this is how most of us are taught to write in this is the structure of all boring communication by the way the descriptor the thing that describes the dog is after the thing it describes okay. The more pleasant and more efficient way to make sure that what is communicated is what we sent is to put the descriptor before the thing it describes right.

Now. I used this to show you how your unconscious mind takes a little piece of information and it starts to run with it it starts throwing in its own information regardless of whether it's accurate or not now this process happens millions and millions of times below the threshold of conscious awareness when you repeatedly get get hit with this kind of structure in your language you start to get tired because what literally has to happen is you're you're flowing along real smooth going along. But every time you meet something in the language that doesn't match your internal picture you have to stop rewind your picture change the photograph to match and move on that's the structure of bad writing when. I say bad writing.

I'm not talking about technical writing. I'm talking about boring writing stuff that's not fun to read technical manuals are written like this scientific. J journals are written like this okay. But if you look.

At the most compelling forms of literature that we have almost without exception. First of all there's lots of descriptors right. Lots of them and they're almost always on either side okay. This is probably the easiest way that.

I can. I can give you an example of what your brain is doing okay. It's doing this all the time with every word that it hears every process it's just doing it. So fast and.

So seamlessly that you don't realize it's what's actually structuring your perception of reality. NLP is the study of the structure of subjective. Human. Experience and how language interacts with that to create our experience of the world once we understand understand this and that in many cases the words coming out of our mouths are literal maps of how our brain what parts of our brain are being activated at any given moment we gain tremendous power over the system we gain a tremendous level of self- knowledge and self-awareness.

But until we become aware of it this process will run us now. I'm using a very simple very basic uh one simple language pattern okay. To illustrate what the brain is always is doing it's doing this in every aspect of your life it's taking all the information that comes in it's finding all the associations connected to it and spitting up the one consciously to your awareness that it thinks is most relevant to the situation you're in. But it's remembering and accessing all of them it doesn't pick unconsciously it.

Pi fires all of of them this is one of the the powerful ways that conversational hypnosis and. NLP creates powerful changes in people because a neural linguistic programmer somebody who understands how the brain actually processes information can talk to you in one level and be activating you on another okay. In this in in the context we're in here it's a very good thing in the context of the people running the country not. So good okay.

You came here because you want to take the randomness out of your life is that would that be true true okay. Is is this stuff useful. So far okay. So what do we do about it did that answer your question okay.

I just want to make sure because every now and. Then people ask me a question. I. I laughs into what.

I think is a a very comprehensive explanation they go that was great. But you didn't answer my question. So. I.

I want to make sure. I'm not. I'm not putting anybody down. I'm not trying to.

I'm it's weird for me to be up on the stage. I'm telling you right. Now um. So my my perspectives are are are very shifted.

So what. I want to do now is. I want to introduce you to a little bit to how to start changing how to start making changes and. I want to do that by starting to ask you a few questions okay.

Um how many people here have something that is blocking them okay. Excellent how many people here have something they want to do better okay. How many people here their primary their primary concern is a relationship or something related to relationships okay. Or some again.

I'm trying to. I want to. Target humans learn best in context. So.

I want to make sure that you're connecting what you want most to the processors does that make sense one of the other things that happens a lot of times is when people come to these these workshops and we do like every now. Then we do break up and actually practice with each other they almost always pick the biggest evilest nastiest thing in their life and throw a technique they barely know at it and wonder why this doesn't work right. Your brain is hardwired and defaults to remembering things okay. We we spend a lot of time thinking we're thinking when in actuality we're remembering your brain defaults to what's familiar.

So if you have this potentially new opportunity that you've never had before it's a new experience maybe it's something that has a huge payoff right. Right. But it's completely new it's alien to the system versus not doing anything and doing what you've been doing and feeling like crap about it. But you've been doing that for 20 years guess what your bra to pick it's just the way the system works it's hardwired that way now can you transcend it yes.

But only if you. First become aware of it. First rule in. David's.

World anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control my job tonight is to give you that awareness because once you have awareness you now have choice and regardless of that some sometimes. NLP gets a bad rap as being overly manipulative the true. Spirit of. NLP and the disciplines that.

I teach is all about giving people choices until you understand the unconscious programs running below the surface you only think you have a choice you have to if you want to make a change if you want to do something different you have to amount muster tremendous amounts of will to get it done well guess what you don't have that much willpower is a finite resource there's a book. You might want to pick up it's called willpower by a guy named. Roy. Bal.

Meister okay. In that book. Bow. Meister isolates the two building blocks of your will power the amount of sleep that you've had the amount of blood sugar in your system see.

I'm giving you willpower right. We burn up units of willpower every time we have to exert emotional control because we don't have one brain we have three you guys you guys know this okay. You have three brains this is your brain on. David the the most prehistoric the most.

Primal the most powerful part of you is your reptile brain the. Russian for psychologists call this your paleo cortex okay. It is the part of you that works in. Primal drives food family fighting fleeing fornicating okay.

It's the part of you that works in terms of. Primal drives it's driving the bus this is why you'll every now and. Then you'll you'll hear me make an off color remark it's not just because. I want to be vulgar it's because every time.

I stimulate the reptile brain. I get 20 more minutes of attention and. I need your attention. I need you to understand this okay.

Wrapped around your reptile brain is another layer it's called your lyic system or your. Maman brain this is your emotional brain this is the part of you that generates feelings right. There's uh a subset of lawyers in this country some of whom. I've trained and they practice a system called reptile and it's all based on how to speak and present to the reptile brain and they are winning multi multi-million dollar lawsuits using it okay.

There's a whole field called neuromarketing which is all about presenting information in a way that the reptile brain has to respond to now here's the thing you need to understand about the reptile brain it doesn't care about morality it doesn't care about the law it doesn't care about religion it doesn't care about ethics all it cares about is satisfying and perpetuating the genes because your genes don't go to heaven the meat stays here right. The rest of us may go upstairs or downstairs. But the meat stays here. So it all it cares about is the here and now and it works off.

Prim it generates drives write this down tattoo it on your forehead because it will be a driver in 90% of the things you're going to encounter in terms of getting past things or getting people to do things the drive that does not get satisfied gains strength your brain your lizard brain if there's a drive that is not being met will consistently without remorse take up more and more and more of the attention in your brain and your body until you act on it in some way now many times those actions that were being prompted to do conflict with other things that we were taught at different layers of our experience they conflict with what we were taught was good and bad as kids they conflict with what society says is appropriate they conflict with the rules of friendship or fair play. But we still want to satisfy that drive we don't to find some way to balance that drive out. So what happens is the reptile brain generates an emotion that emotion causes you to take action every. Drive in the body is a feeling.

But and all feelings are emotion or all emotions are feelings. But not all feelings are emotions. So what do we do we have another layer of our brain that came along. Later it's the problem solving part of our brain it's called the neocortex aka the rational lying brain this is the part of you that is in charge of generating a reason why you're doing the thing you're doing and the part of you that's in charge of making sure that that reason because there's two usually two reasons why you're doing it the one you're going to tell people and the real reason right.

It's in charge for generating both of them how many people here ever wind up getting. U having resistance to certain things come up in your life right. You know what the structure of resistance is or what the. Primal areas of resistance are we inherently resist anything that conflicts or threatens our sense of self in other words if the information or the situation.

I'm in threatens how. I see myself causes me to look. At myself less than appropriately or less than. P positively.

I will inherently resist it we inherently resist anything that threatens how other people see us okay. This is the if if nobody's looking they're a different person right. But if they're a public figure they care about how other people see them the image that they have anything that conflicts with that we resist it's just the way we work we resist anything that conflicts with what we know to be true here's the rub for most of us what's true is what's famili familiar what's familiar more often. Then not cuz.

I'm a therapist. I spend a lot of time helping people go to places that they didn't know they had to go to get free stuff that of running their lives more often than not what's familiar was what was there. First when. I regress when.

I do hypnotic regressions on people when. I. GS them to the. First scen situation or event that has everything to do with the reason they're there without exception well all right.

Nine out of 10 when we spring back to the seed of that reason cancer multiple sclerosis. Parkinson's chronic pain herpes um uh. I did. I've got neuropathy you know any any chronic disease almost without exception zero to 5 years old when.

I regress them back to the very. First scen situation or event very. First experience that has everything to do with why they're there they almost all n out of 10 go to the time period between the ages of0 and 5 even though when they walked into my treatment room they came to me because they wanted to learn how to do a backflip better and they were afraid yes. So.

So let's say. I had something that related that to when. I was. Oney old.

M. But. I can't remember that your your unconscious mind can't oh okay. Yeah when you're in the kind of work.

I'm describing which is not the work we're doing here okay. When you're doing regressive work you have to remember that the unconscious mind is like a video camera that's always running. But it runs in all five senses okay. So everything is recorded.

But it's not exact okay. Information is deleted distorted and generalized now here's where it gets cool when you come into this world you have no. Idea of what's right. Or wrong you don't know good and evil you only know feels good feels bad it's familiar it's unfamiliar.

I feel safe. I feel threatened that's all you know you have this huge blank hard drive okay. And whatever experience you have becomes like a little hook. I should probably erase some of this crap did you guys get all this okay.

Is if this is this useful yes. All right. This is what's driving your bus guys okay. This is what's driving the bus cool part is is you're going to be able to drive it yourself real freaking soon okay.

Now can you see the board okay. Okay. So this is you at. Birth there is nothing there maybe a few hardwired instincts right.

You have no. Sense of self you have no. Sense of identity it does not exist and if you think about it it makes perfect sense how in fact were you formed in the womb did you suddenly pop into existence with a head and feet and or did you start out as a cell that was part of a bunch of other cells and. Then slowly evolved into something else your sense of self is mommy you are identified with.

Mommy when you come out through the birth canal that doesn't change it doesn't change for quite a while okay. The ages of 0 to 5 are the most critical you have no. Critical. Factor you have no.

Analytical capacity whatsoever whatever comes in. First positive or negative the. First experience of each thing is just recorded it's not judged it's not analyzed it's not compared it's just recorded and. Then an interesting thing happens as you begin to accumulate more and more more experiences they start to get grouped your unconscious mind starts to sort things by sameness.

But they're not 100% the same they can be just 30% the same. But they connect it it's not linear and everything that comes after that. Primal experience that formal experience becomes the standard by which everything else is measured each of these experiences that we have are like little hooks that we hang other experiences on and from that moment on as we begin to develop that critical. Factor we call it the bar the bouncer at the at the bar kind of a thing you know you guys have all been on that club right.

Where they have the bars deciding who gets in and who doesn't right. I usually slip them a 100 bucks and they look. The other way. But for most of us people come up to us they tell us they want to get in the bar says bounc says no.

You don't have the right. Look. You don't have the right. Right.

Feel how does he make that distinction because he decides what fits the internal environment if you don't match the energy of the club you don't match the energy of the people that they're trying to get her to you don't get in that's exactly what your unconscious mind and your conscious mind do every time somebody tells you something the. First thing that happens is your unconscious mind sorts through your memories which are imperfect there's information missing. But it replays everything it has in full. Fidelity the feelings the experiences all the building blocks are there and you have that feeling again if what's coming in matches that it's generally accepted you get another tick if it doesn't match it's rejected unless there's a tremendous amount of emotion or repetition it's the only way those things get in as long as the crtical the critical factor of the conscious mind is in place that's just how you work now the cool thing is a write this down tattoo it on your foreheads the best thing about the past ladies and gentlemen is that it's gone the things you're carrying around in your head are not the events that happened to you they're imperfect photographs they have information missing they have information that's distorted they have information that has been generalized to make processing easier and that's and each of those photographs is written in a code that dictates what you feel see hear and perceive important word perceive when that memory is accessed how many people here have ever saw a seen a show called lightam me okay.

If you haven't watched that show go rent the. First three seasons there's only three lie to me yeah it's uh this the consultant for that show it's all about this this uh expert in facial recognition lie detection and now he goes and self crimes and things like that. But the consultant for that show was a guy named. Paul emman.

Paul emman is the world's leading author. On. Emotion facial cues and facial and uh how they interact he actually discovered something called micro. Expressions which are little tiny fragments of facial expressions that happen underneath the ones were trying to parade.

So you you know you may used to be smiling. But actually be very very sad okay. But they happened in a fraction of a. Second.

But even that he's also one of the leading experts on lying in his he has he wrote a book. Called emotion revealed in that book. He outlines and defines some a phenomenon known as the emotional refractory period the emotional refractory period is the period of time between the onset of an emotion and the time it dissipates during that time that emotional state seeks to go on as long as it possibly can and it starts looking for ways to keep going it's like a little life form that wants to keep going. So what it does on a neurological level without your conscious without your conscious consent without your permission without your awareness it changes what you pay attention to how many people here have ever been in an argument good it's like.

I don't want to just raise your freaking hands. God right. Now how many people noticed that you went through the arguing process had the knock down drag out got the resolution ution whatever it was and for the. Next 10 15 20 minutes years.

Later anything you said to that person pissed them off again no. Matter what they found some way to twist what you said and get angry again welcome to the world of the emotional refractory period anytime you go into an emotional state your perceptions change what you consciously pay attention to to changes and you only pay attention to the data or the aspects of the environment context or experience that re-trigger or reinforce the state it does not you don't you don't get a two-minute warning that you're about to get pissed off you don't you don't you don't the unconscious mind does not signal you're have about to have an emotional shift you just go into it right. And once you're in that state that state tries to maintain itself as long as possible how many people ever bought a new car okay. Excellent how many people here really researched the car before they bought it cool how many people you had this experience you go to the lot you haggle over the car make sure it's the right.

Color you pay for the car you're driving home going yeah and every want the same car on the same day everywhere you look. You see the same car how did that happen same thing you went into a specific state that was highly polarized to sorting for a specific kind of information your perceptual filters shifted and everywhere you went that's what your unconscious mind pulled into your awareness this is the same structure that's underlying. Law of. Attraction it's what's running below the surface in your body the feelings that are being generated that are changing your perceptions and systematically drawing certain kinds of experiences into your life and removing the awareness of other types see everything we could ever want is already here it's just filtered it's all it is it's just filters of our awareness does that make sense yes.

Does that mean we focusing changing something is yeah you're. CH what's happening is your nervous system is filtering your reality it's filtering what you pay attention to and the information you can get many many times before anything becomes conscious as. I like to say right. With you your conscious mind is the least informed and the.

Last to know. But it's the one that screams the loudest and it's the one that gives you the rationale that's acceptable to yourself for why you do the things you do. So that's what we listen to yes. Sure um anybody here ever have been in a relationship and you come home and your spouse is really pissed off and nothing you do is right.

And you did absolutely nothing it's like guys you come home you left the toilet seat up you don't get sex for a month because you left the toilet seat up ladies you come home you're pissed off because of the guy at work looked at you the wrong way again boss made you stay late the kids were giving you a hassle right. You're not feeling real good and. Then. Next thing you know you start you start venting to.

Hubby right. And he makes the. Cardinal mistake of trying to fix your problem instead of just listening and letting you vent it right. Classic understanding of perceptual filters changing why because neurologically when a woman gets stressed out she gets more and more picky she gets more and more precise more and more detail oriented when a man gets stressed out he gets progressively more.

Global he gets progressively more big picture when a woman communicates about her day and about the problems that she's had she's not especially to her man she's not communicating to him for him to solve her freaking problem she's more than smart enough to figure out her own she just wants him to listen and let her vent it. But we don't. But hold on a. Second let me.

I'm on their side all right. Guys don't think that way guys think in cause and effect terms you have a problem. I fix it it's done. But that's not how the other gender operates.

So the moment the moment she starts to vent she starts to express you try to fix her problem and that's exactly the wrong thing because if you're trying to fix her problem you're not listening if you're not and if you're trying to fix her problem you're insulting her intelligence because chances are she's already fixed it she just wants to decompress and slime you for a while right. You have to understand the perceptual filters that the other. G and this is not this is not misogynist this is neuroscience this is what the studies are shown if you want to look. It up uh you can look.

Up a guy by the name of. John. Medina he wrote a book. Called brain rules and there's actually a a video of him teaching to.

Google where. I actually learned that from. So you can actually pull it up on. YouTube it's well worth reading.

But when you have a good day think about think about this when you want to ask your your significant other something that they're very very predisposed to say no. To don't you do everything you can to butter them up put them in a good mood. First this means yes. This means no.

And it works for both genders right. Right. We know we forgot the anniversary. So we go through.

Heaven and. Earth to just buy anything that looks expensive and like we actually you know we try to compensate right. But it's too late because the filters are in place because when the filters shift now even your positive intentions are going to get distorted or you're just trying to make up for screwing up in the. First place does that make sense this is what we do okay.

A little bit deeper into the. Neurology of it because. I wanted you to understand that there's all kinds of filters going on here. But if a guy screws up in a relationship puts you in a bad mood nothing he does is going to make it up to you short of two things looking her in the eyes.

Getting on his knees. I'm kidding you actually want to know what what'll do it faster than anything else honey. I'm sorry. I was wrong and.

Then wait for it which is where most guys screw that up because just because you apologized doesn't mean she's done she has to vent you say. I'm sorry she accepts your apology and. Then she goes on for another 20 minutes why she needs to decompress what do we do we get pissed off. I just said.

I'm sorry why are you still talking about it because that's how you process not her if all you did when you were truly sorry was look. Her in the eyes. And from a sincere. Place say honey.

I'm sorry. I was wrong and let her slime you for 10 15 minutes life would be happy. But we don't because we don't understand the process everything human beings do is a process and every process has a structure and if it has a structure it has a code if it has a code it can be changed does that make sense okay. But seriously if you in terms of relationships if you all if all you understood was this concept that when women are stressed they get more specific more detailed when a man gets stressed he gets more.

Global and when you come home you detect any shift in that level in your significant other you know what to do or in some cases what not to right. That's what. NLP teaches us is that every single one of you are moving through the world with a checklist a map of how the world supposed to work based on your internal environment and you're projecting it out onto everybody around you looking for the people who match and making anybody who doesn't wrong both genders do it the secret is being aware enough to understand that that process is going on and having the flexibility enough to change what you're doing to match the person in front of you to step into their map of the world does that make sense that's the core of what. NLP is about is understanding how are these maps created.

Hey. First of all understanding that the map is not the experience the best thing about the past is that it's gone all you have left is an imperfect poorly written memory based on the emotions you were feeling and the information you had at the time that your nervous system randomly put in a filing cabinet somewhere how many of you have a business if you just took. Any piece of paper that came across your desk and threw it in a random filing cabinet how long would your business. Last.

But that's how our nervous system runs itself now the good part is there's some default organization in there. So we're not completely hopeless right. But if all we're carrying around inside of us in our not just in our minds. But in our bodies this is the key part these things are not in your mind per se they're in your body they're not just in your brain although your brain's important.

I'm often reminded any here anybody here know who emu. Phillips is he was a famous comedian back in the 80s kind of a schle he kind of talked like this had really long hair and he would say things like you know. I used to think that the brain was the most fascinating organ in the body and. Then.

I thought well look. Who's telling me that right. That's literally what your neocortex is doing the newest level of your brain the part that thinks and rationalizes and analyzes the part that thinks in words the part that makes up reasons to justify acting on the rest of the system the part that thinks it knows how to fix your the part that tries to analyze whether something's actually working instead of going along with the process with full absorption and full commitment that's the part that's keeping you stuck how many people here have ever been little children how many people here have ever been little children have been little children in other words not do you have them have you ever been one and if. I don't see any hands if.

I see. Hands not up. I'm going to call on you and. I'm going to find out what test tube or cloning.

Booth you came from right. So how many people here have ever been little children and when you were a little child did you play for 10 absolutely absolutely what did you like to play prenda um superhero superhero cool did you play pretend with. Barbie doll with. Barbie dolls how about you.

Wonder. Woman. Wonder. Woman.

I like her already how about you guys. I played with box houses they were real you they were real how about you. I play house play the house cool how about you princess princess all right. So how many tomboys do we have how many girly girls now how many how many played.

Soldier superhero. Wonder. Woman you here's the cool part when you were a little kid and you played pretend and you're out in the backyard or wherever it was you picked up the toy with a stick and you knew in the. First 5 minutes that it was just a stick that it was just a toy for the.

First 5 minutes and five and 7 and 1 half minutes. Later it's a real. M60 you're. Rambo and there's real communist coming around the corner and you're killing them all dead right.

Or for the. First five minutes you knew the stuff the teddy bear sitting across from you was not the. Queen of. England even though it had a little tiara 7 and a half minutes.

Later you're having tea with the. Queen of. England and you're having this long drawn out. Conversation.

Over kippers were you asleep were you asleep when you played. Wonder. Woman. No.

I was escaping you were escaping okay. Were you having a ball not really. But. I was escaping okay.

It was better than it was better than where you were going right. Okay. Were you having a ball when you're playing soldier sure were you completely absorbed in the experience where you focused congratulations if you can just do that you can have any change you want if you can just be like a little kid and play pretend act it out you can have be or do anything you want very wise woman once told me you can be do or have anything that you want. But.

First you must become the person to whom that thing can happen yes. So that's like putting on the. Persona that you want to be for a while until yeah that's a little bit more advanced than this course this course is about just fixing and getting getting kind of on track and giving you some. Foundation this.

Rabbit. Hole there's no. End to it you can keep going with this we do things in in some of our. Advanced meetups that seem like science fiction anybody here have a pain cool one more thing before.

I before bring start bringing people up and demonstrating stuff. First of all if you come up it's assume that you're okay. To be seen on camera okay. That's one.

Second of all how many people here have ever seen a movie right. How many people have a favorite movie how many people here have lots of favorite movies as long as somebody else is paying it's my favorite movie now you all know that when you walk into a movie theater you sit down you got your. Milk. Duds in one hand popcorn in the other big ocean of soda somewhere maybe the boyfriend and the girlfriend's carrying it and you sit down in the chair and the lights go down and the screen opens and 90 minutes 2 hours two and a half hours go by and you have an amazing di you're swept into the story and like this credit start playing and you come back to the moment and and you've had an amazing experience and aside from the in your bladder and the ability to stand up because you've been holding it for the.

Last 20 minutes waiting for the trailer can you tell me at what moment you became completely absorbed in that experience because if you can you're lying means you weren't absorbed absorption in the process is one of the single biggest keys to getting full and pervasive change when we start doing these exercises and we will very shortly there's two things you have to be aware of if you're trained in. NLP or hypnosis we call it hypnotist disease if you're not trained we call it smart person syndrome smart person syndrome is when we're having an experience. I'm guiding you through an experience you can always tell who they are because they're the ones who sit in the chair going. I'm telling you to act out and they're going and.

I'm doing it in my head ain't going to work or not as well one of the secrets to what we learning tonight is sematic engagement when you get the body involved it's impossible not to change and. I say that knowing. I'm going to be challenged you don't have to believe anything. I'm telling you all you have to do is follow the instructions seriously the change work that.

I do people who are dying people who are critical people who are you know things are starting to come out they're have you know transplants and organs is starting to talk to them the people. I work with aren't just weight loss people they're people with serious serious problems the change workk. I do is is too important to be left up to the. Wimpy beliefs of a client if a client has no.

Belief in their ability to do a change they won't get it. So my stuff works whether you believe it or not as long as a you follow the instructions you get completely absorbed and focused like a little kid when you were playing pretend that's all you have to do that's why we started the whole class off with just looking at each other going. Bo and feeling good because the power is in the playful and. I don't care if you got a tumor.

I don't care if you got constipation. I don't care if you've got a back ache frozen shoulder knee pain could you stand up please yeah can. I call on you this is sweet give her a big round of applause she she was one of the lovely demo subjects at one of my energy healing meetups where you're going to um we practiced with her one of the techniques that. I didn't say sit down young lady you came to me and you you had a problem with uh was it anxiety or shyness.

I can't shyness and what happened how long had you had that problem forever and how fast did it go away what's that event one event how long were you up in front of the class seemed like forever right. Maybe a few minutes right. When you get thank you give her a big round of applause when you get the body involved everything synergizes when you separate elements out if part of what we need is absorption and focus in the experience and there's a part of us sitting on the outside wondering if it's working. Neo cortex by the way that's the part that's keeping you stuck now the beautiful part is the more the body you get involved even if there's a part of you sitting on the outside watching it changes to work because.

I've literally had people and. I you can go to my. YouTube channel and find videos from my. La meetings where the guy didn't believe this would work and he just starts doing this spin thing and he's just doing like and all a sudden you see something else something weird happens and he slams it back in and his whole changed secret hypnotic influence technique not my.

First rodeo right. Okay. So who had an ouchie come on up give her a big round of applause. So can you what's your name.

Kathy. Kathy. I'm. David thank you for coming up and being.

So attentive what uh where's your ouchy. I have like this pureformance issue pureformance issue okay. Is it is it okay. To fix it is it okay.

To take the pain away. I would love to take the pain away okay. Is there some reason that the pain needs to stay there b just cuz you can take something away doesn't mean you should no. Okay.

So there's nothing and you can take the numbness and the tingling away too you sure yeah all right. So here's what. I want you to point to where you feel it right. Now yeah it's like right.

Right. Now it's right. Here okay. Cool close your eyes.

On. ES. SK and. I'll look.

At it with your inner eyes. On a scale of 0 to 10 rate the sensation. First impression see it's a seven excellent. I want you to notice that there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color.

First impression oh me yellow reach and grab all that yellow energy yeah where wherever it is reach all. Take. It. All.

Out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you got it all cuz sometimes that hides see. I told you okay. You got it all yes. You sure double check yeah excellent as you look.

At it did the. As you look. At it with your inner eyes. Did the color change or stay the same.

First impression changed cool what it changed to kind of a deep orangey color excellent as you look. At it notice that color is spinning in a certain direction what col what direction is it spinning. First impression spinning that direction excellent. I want you to grab it with both of your hands physically grab it and.

I want you to reorient it in space. So it's the opposite of what it was. So it's spinning. One.

Direction turn it. So spinning the opposite physically turn it good now double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice wow right. Scale 0 to 10 um. I'd say it's a one and a half try spin it fast okay.

Boom okay. Now yeah going yeah big round of applause for the lady oh by the way try to bring it back. I really don't want to do that. I usually get that okay.

I usually get one of three answers when. I do this. First one is. I say uh not notice what happened they say all right.

Tell you try to bring it back and they go. I can't or. I say try to bring it back and they say it's getting better or. I say try to bring it back and they go.

I don't want it back well done see no. Yes. Are you working the. CH syst no.

Because she no. And. I know no. No.

We go beyond that yes. Yeah. I no. That it's something they want to keep they continue to spend it the direction that was spinning when they identified it yep and when they don't want it you tell them to go the opposite yes.

I do why goes back to. Chinese medical. Theory law. Yin andang.

I am an acupuncturist after all law of. Yin andang tells us. I'm going to contrast. NLP and.

TCN two things. I'm also a master trainer by the way. Master practitioner trainer in neural linguistic programing. So yes.

I can certify you if you you guys want to learn all this weird stuff. TCM talks about the law of. Yin andang law of. Yin and yangang says that uh yin and yang cannot exist without each other right.

Black white good evil hot cold dry wet can exist one cannot exist without the other one can only be defined in terms of the other right. Now while. I'm on this subject the young part of a person is their functional aspect in other words it's the function of the liver or the mechanics all right. It's not the structure.

So when you do this exercise the. First thing that will come back is the function. But the biomechanical component takes time okay. I'll tell you a funny story real quick.

I was out at a martial arts camp and uh two years ago as a matter of fact and uh there was a a. British couple and she happened to be a hypnotist she was big into. Eric sonian hypnosis and and things like that which is a conversationally driven system and uh she had come back and she was like strutting in saying that she had just done a pain control session on her husband to take his hip pain away and. I'm kind of competitive.

So. I said really cool on a scale of 0 to 10 you know like how how how good is it and he gives me a number oh great. I'm thinking how can. I do this without being a dick right.

Because. I. I have this internal check because. I have an ego the size of.

Texas right. And when. I do the work that. I do.

I have to make sure that. I'm coming from the right. Space. So many times even though.

I want to just rush in there and zap people. I won't. I have to wait till. I'm not doing it to to to build me up does that make sense.

So. I'm very aware of that. I am not a humble guy although sometimes when you see the stuff that would that happens it's extraordinarily humbling the stuff that. I do it's like science fiction sometimes right.

I mean how's your hip feel um as soon as you as it was starting to come back. M. But as soon as you asked it like see the minute the minute we act see what happened is she had a program this goes back to. Yin andan and.

NLP remember. I said everything your system does has a code. But you need to probably stretch that pureformance out because what's happening is a lot of it is biomechanical okay. NLP tells us that everything human beings does have does have has a code has a structure to it here's where.

TCM and. NLP merge law of v and says you can't have one without the other. NLP says everything we do is a code that means your system cannot code for pain without automatically creating the code for its opposite it's just the way you work once. I isolate how your system codes one sensation.

I automatically how know how it codes for its opposite. But that's not enough now. I have to stack as many parts of the nervous system as humanly possible energetically physically psychologically emotionally from the. Paleo cortex to.

The. Reptilian to the. Mamon brain to the neocortex. I need to get your internal environment interacting with your external environment.

I need to get your physical body interacting with your subjective body bodies. I'm going to light your nervous system up like a. Christmas tree and. I'm through it all.

I'm going to hit you with certain key phrases that activate things in your nervous system that you can't resist that's a different class. But that's all going on in that two-minute intervention and. I'll stay with it until it's gone she was very you know most of the time. I do it.

I only got to do it once every now and. Then. I got to do three times it'll drop every time sometimes you'll get. So you get you get a certain way into the process and they won't go any further fur or it'll try to come back when that happens what it really means is that there's an aspect of the experience that the unconscious mind needs to keep there's a lesson that's mixed into the feelings and the and the code of the experience that the unconscious mind cannot get rid of or won't get rid of it can it can get rid of everything all it does is record and delete and distorted information that's what it does okay.

And if that happens we have other interventions for that. But that's the only time that you don't get resolution. I have never. I have never that's that's a bold statement especially on video in a room like this.

I have never used this process and not gotten a change where the subject followed the instructions how long have you been. I. First got the download in 2005. I didn't know what.

I had until about two years ago. I didn't know what. I had it was just something. I'd done on a whim at a training and.

I didn't realize. I. I'll tell you about my cancer why isn't thiser what. I don't.

I. I guess it's kind confusing you're saying that like it's coding and it's ying and it's this energy and you can fix it by showing her the yellow and changing it turning it around or whatever and it might go away for a minute because her mind tells her that. But how is that it's more than just her mind it's her whole system right. And it's like.

So how is that not try to bring it back. I mean well she doesn't want to bring it back. But. I'm telling you to try and bring it back that's my point.

But it will come back because it is no. That's your belief that's not my belief. I'm just saying no. That's your belief it's not coming back all right.

Okay. I'm just wondering why that is. I'm just trying to see. I'm just trying to see what specifically if it's if it's not something.

I think you're for me you're looking at it as like it's an energy and it's something that can be changed which. I agree. I think that our bodies are fully connected and and a lot of what we believe causes us to have certain anxieties or even. I even believe that you can get cancer oh.

I. I know you can get cancer from from negative thoughts or things like that. But. I'm just wondering with this particular thing be that she just sits like this all day long absolutely if there's something she's doing biomechanically that reag rates it.

Then she can reinjure it yeah right. That's not again what. I said was. I change the functional aspect the biomechanical aspect has to be addressed that's why.

I also said just cuz. I can change something doesn't mean. I should. I was very specific can.

I change this for you right. I had a girl if you go to my. YouTube channel. I had a girl that uh had a a toothache at.

Hypno. Thought convention and she came up and. I said is it okay. To get rid of it because if the pain goes away we tend to forget about it right.

If. I take the pain away you think you're cured and many times you are. But not always right. Maybe.

I cured it maybe. I didn't that's not up to me to decide that's up to your nervous system. But. I do know that everything that she every experience that she has in spite of what you believe has a code and a structure to it and it's her code and the one code you never resist is your own if.

I tell her to do something she may resist it if she decides to do something she won't does that make sense that's the secret okay. If. I just put something install something into your system that isn't native to your environment it may work it may not if. I put something in your system that is your system that you created there's no.

Resistance cuz you moaned it you made it does that make sense who else have got an ouchie it's something that you want to get rid of come on up and it doesn't have to be physical by the way it could be emotional right. What's your name sweetie. Sun. Sun my name.

David you having fun. So far yes. What's going on with you allergy allergy people left to allergy to what like. Hypes hpes.

I never worked with an allergy before this should be interesting. So is it anything in particular uh it started um several years ago mhm from stress. I think from stress yes. So is there a time when you start to feel stressed and that you know it's going to trigger that feeling where where in your feeling where in your body does that feeling start oh my.

God they're coming from where in your body does that feeling start yeah close your eyes. On a scale of 0 to 10. I want you to rap the intensity of that feeling what's the what's the number. First impression.

I'm nervous in front everybody. So right. Now mhm eight eight excellent look. At it with your inner eyes.

I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression dark or gray dark gray excellent do you believe in energy yes. Reach in with both of your hands physically grab all that dark dark gray energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes it hides okay. Let me know when you've got it reach and pull it all out physically pull it all out you've got to get them acting this out there you go is it all in your hands make sure it's all in your hands yes.

Excellent as you look. At it did the color change or stay the same same notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning physically grab it with both of your hands now turn it. So it's the opposite of what it was now double the spin double the spin double the speed double the force double the amplitude double the magnitude soono. Keep doubling that energy until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it slam it back in that's it yeah get into it slam it back in the change notice it's gone is it gone what do you feel.

I don't know what are you feeling here feels feels good feels good yeah that's where it starts okay. Are you nervous anymore no. Really no. My heart it's just going to get better thank you.

I'll help you down yes. Your nervous sis guys your nervous s got. I know usually what happens is there'll be as when did you see that when it went back in how she just right. This is not a subtle change right.

You may have emotions come up. Sun let them what happens is when you when you reverse the program you send the opposite instructions into the nervous system and the nervous system will immediately begin rebooting the system it'll start to jettison or. Purge or or dissipate any any experience in the that's stored in the body that's not in harmony with the new program okay. So the thing we need to understand when.

I bring anytime. I bring somebody up here. I'm prepared for for. Mount.

St. Helens because sometimes they need that they need that moment of expression to let it come up let it come out some sometimes they break out in a sweat sometimes they ball for 10 minutes and. Then they're done because as the feelings come out they're being vented you will never it's not the feelings you express that make you sick there was a reference made to cancer earlier the way. I rediscovered this process was working on a cancer patient my wife is.

Chinese and she has a very big family most of whom are still in. China and we had her sixth. Aunt who was a sweet wonderful lady. I'd like to say.

I saved her. I did not okay. But. I will tell you the story because it's the reason most of you are here we.

I taught my wife how to do energy my wife has a. PHD in. Biochemistry she's a doctor of. Chiropractic she learned.

TCM in. China and she got her masters of acupuncture and orental. Medicine in this country okay. She was the valid dictorian of her acupuncture class and her.

Chiropractic class at the same time okay. So when we got on the plane to go visit her aunt because her aunt had been given roughly two weeks to live. I thought she was going to go and. I taught my wife how to do raiki and pronic healing and stuff like that.

But she already had a whole a whole slew of skill sets in her toolkit. So. I thought dumb me that we were going to go there she was going to do the things that she knew because. I didn't speak.

Chinese. I don't speak any. I don't. I barely speak.

English right. And we got there and if you if you've never seen the inside of a. Chinese. Cancer.

Ward don't okay. If you're energetically sensitive don't go there okay. I was vomiting and nauseous for pretty much the entire week. I was out there.

I was only out there for a week. But. I have good. State control.

So sixth a needed some help she. I got there she was maybe 70 lbs. I mean she couldn't get out of the chair out of the bed she was just she was just there she basically given up which you'll see a lot cancer okay. Cancer is almost always anger and a desire to check out okay.

In my experience again this is the world according to. David if it matches yours use it if it doesn't don't there's no. Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient okay. It's the things you don't express that make you sick it's the things that.

Society tells you are unacceptable to say or. Express that make you sick okay. I am as outgoing as. I am because.

I want to be healthy. I am as obnoxious as. I am because. I want to be healthy and.

I don't give a what society says because they're the ones making you sick they don't know it oh some do. But. I. But.

I digress we got there all of a sudden. I realize the minute. I walk in and. I take one look.

At my wife she ain't doing she's just not. I mean you know when there's someone you care about who's in that much distress it's just the there's a part of you as much as calm cool and collected as you are they just check out right. So. I like okay.

God you sent me here for a reason. So. I'm thinking to myself every technique. I know for dealing with chronic illness is based on language it's based on on going back to the initial sensitizing event reprocessing.

The. Experience even the. NLP techniques. I know largely are based on having an an understanding of language and an english-based language.

So. I'm like what am. I going to do and. Then it popped into my head constructs create there there's a lot of techniques that.

I've created that are based on the idea of creating a construct and something that the patient or subject can manipulate they can physically act out. So there were two techniques that. I. I chose that.

I could do through an interpreter one was called the gry room sometimes when. I do uh this. Workshop. I teach the gry room and this tonight we're not doing the gry room tonight we're going to do mostly spinning work and sub modality work and uh okay.

I got you guys out of your s um. So basically. I started doing the gray room is where you you go into this construct it's a dome shaped room with pearly gray walls in the center is a big glowing fire pit on the wall are papers and various colors matter of fact you guys want to play with this quick right. Pretend to go into the deepest trans.

L possible imagine you can do this with your eyes. Open or closed it's probably better with your eyes. Closed okay. Walk into the room see it's a dome-shaped room like a big egg in the center of the room is a glowing orange fire pit that's radiating a wonderful warm soothing energy you can actually hear the fire crackling and as you look.

Around the room you notice the walls themselves are a pearly gray color kind of translucent and on the walls themselves are. Bits of. Paper and you intuitively recognize that one color represents all the positive aspects of your life all the things that make you feel strong confident powerful deserving worthy all the things that make you feel good about you while the other color represents all the less than positive things the things you consciously know about and most importantly the things you unconsciously know about the things that make you feel bad at the right. At the wrong times that guide you and move you in ways that aren't always for your highest benefit and when you recognize the colors associated with which all.

I want you to do is. Reach. Out. And.

Touch one of those pieces of paper that represents a less than positive experience and. I want you to rip it off the wall notice where in your body you feel it as you crumple it up in your hand as you. Crump it up in your hand notice how that feeling in your body already begins to shift shift and change and when you're ready for it you're ready to get rid of it walk over to that fire pit throw it in the fire feel it watch it burn up feel the release of energy as that piece is removed from your body solve dissolved and resolved from your body solve dissolved and resolved from your mind. Then what.

I want you to do when you're ready only one you know you're ready reach out and grab another one of those pieces of paper rip it off the wall rle it up walk over to that fire pit notice where in your body you feel it as you crumble it up throw it in the fire feel the release you may notice some of you starting to yawn that's usually a sign of your body releasing that means you're doing it right. Not everybody does it that way walk over grab another one of those pieces of paper rip it off the wall crumple it up walk over to the fire pit throw it in be feel the release feel the energy releasing from your mind and body feel your emotions shift and change feel your body becoming lighter as you begin to discover the keys to changing your mind and body and now what. I want you to do in the. Next few minutes at the rate and speed that's optimal for you.

I want you to go through every part of this room rip off every piece of paper that represents a less than positive experience the things you consciously know about most importantly ladies and. G gentlemen the things you unconsciously know about be thorough look. Behind the positive papers cuz sometimes that hides rip it off the wall crumple it up notice where in your body you feel it as you crumple it up throw it in the fire feel the release remember the more you get the body involved the more rapidly and deeply you change. I can't do this for you this is all on you notice how good it feels feel the release and if any emotions come up as they go in the fire let them that's just a sign that your body is reshi and reorganizing itself it's the way it's supposed to work solve dissolved and resolved from the body solve dissolved and resolved from the mind and when you know it's done and you work at your own speed no.

Matter what. I say no. Matter what. I do you work at your own speed your unconscious mind is recording everything.

I say you're not going to miss anything when the. Last piece of paper goes in the fire an amazing thing begins to happen the fire begins to double and triple in size and strength the fire begins to radiate an internal unlimited warmth a strength a nourishing energy that fills every level of your body and mind every cell and every atom supplying you with an endless unlimit limited supply of all the things that make you feel wonderful feel strong and confident and powerful and. Then something else amazing begins to happen all the papers remaining on the wall all the things that make you feel strong and powerful and confident worthy in all the right. Ways the things you consciously know about and the things you unconsciously know about they begin to.

Glow with an inner. Radiance they begin to take on an energy and a fire all their own they begin to grow and expand and they begin to merge into one another coating the room like a glowing energetic sheet of wallpaper that just bathes you in a never- ending supply of all the things that make you feel wonderful make you feel worthy give you the energy and the desire and the ability to move forward in life in a way that's right. And natural for you in a way that you know you've got it and when you know you've got it you feel that energy actually moving into your physical body taking up residence in the places where you store those kinds of experiences and like a miniature sun inside of you like a. NeverEnding supply of all the things that make you feel good that give you what you need to move forward and become the person who can have the life that you truly want your unconscious mind will automatically begin to shift and change and make all of those changes happen for you not just consciously although that's important.

But unconsciously tonight while you sleep and while you dream your other than conscious mind will take all the learnings of today will take the things it's seen and it's experience and it's learn and it will rewrite your entire neurology it'll begin to change the wiring in your brain and body. So that your life only gets better. So that when you think about the past you only think about it in ways that make your life better and from this moment on that becomes the criteria for what you accept into your life either through suggestion or through impression the criteria is simply how is this making my life better and if the answer is it's not making your life better you have complete freedom and authority to change it to a way that it does that's the power you all have and you've always had it it's just that nobody told you how to access it tonight while you sleep and while you dream your other than conscious mind the part of you that controls every part of you and make those changes for you in a way that you know you're getting it that gives you more. Choice more freedom more awareness more of all the good things that you want in life it's just the way you work when you know you've got it allow that energy to just saturate your body notice it's spinning in a certain direction notice how what happens to the feelings in your body as that energy begins to spin faster and faster and faster stronger and stronger permeating and spreading out to every level of your body and mind giving you an unlimited supply of everything you could want everything you could need in a way that you know that you're getting it guiding you to become the kind of person who can have what they want when you know you've got it allow your eyes.

To open look. Up here notice how good you feel how you feeling good good okay. That was the technique that we started with and. Then she had reached a point in in in her her process where things were starting to shut down she had fluid in the pericardium we spun it it went away she had shortness of breath we spun it it went away she had.

AES that took. A little bit longer okay. By the end of the. Third day she was walking around the cancer w swing in her.

IV bottle like a samurai warrior okay. She was getting progressively stronger every single day okay. Our week was up we went back to the. United.

States shortly after we left they moved her to another hospital we don't know what happened from that point on was it because we couldn't continue doing sessions. I don't know was it because something in the environment she was very suggestive. Chinese as a rule are especially ones from mainland. China because their whole culture is about indoctrination and mind control.

So you have to understand suggestion is is powerful and it's not always conscious right. That's why. I install parameters in you is it making your life better it's already there. I gave it to you if any suggestion comes your way that doesn't improve your life it has no.

Power over you unless you want it to because. I don't take choices away. I help you have more is that okay. Okay.

Um it is 9:00 how many people um is this useful stuff this good stuff okay. Excellent excellent um what we've got coming up. Tracy can you hand out the the papers um we're going to do a few more things. But.

I. I just want to make sure. I don't. I want to get you out of here at a relatively reasonable time what.

I want you to do is. I'm going to teach you one more. I'm going to teach you the spinning technique. So you can go home and you can play with it okay.

The secret is if there's something anybody have any any do do you want me to do one more demo or do you want me to just teach you guys to do this which just teach you all right. Here's how it works many times. I will if. I want to make sure.

I have all the systems working together. I will start with what. I had you guys start with at the beginning of this. Meetup.

I had you reach out and find a picture right. Touch the picture notice where in your body you feel it that's called a sematic bridge that is not. NLP that's something that. David figured out on his own anytime.

I physically reach out and. I connect my imagery to. My. Body.

Sensations. I want. I activate more of the brain in nervous system than if. I just played with a picture okay.

I've changed different. Roots. I find the picture once. I reach out and.

I touch the picture. I might play with the size and shape of it again just to be sure. I know where in my body it lives other than that there's no. Reason to actually find the picture unless.

I'm going to do another kind of intervention. Then once. I know where in my body it lives. I'm going to close my eyes.

I'm going to look. At that sensation with my inner eyes. I'm going to ask myself a very simple question there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression.

First thing that pops into my head is what. I'm going to go with you guys follow me. So far. I'm going to reach in physically got to get the body involved doesn't seem like a big deal it's everything okay.

Reach in and physically grab all of that energy all that color whether you believe it's actually energy or it's a color it doesn't matter just reach in grab all of it take it out make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides and you guys discovered those of you came up that's some of. HIIT didn't it right. Be thorough take it out hold it in your hands in front of you notice did the color change or stay the same pay attention to that it's usually significant. But not something you need to worry about grab it physically with both of your hands if it's something you want more of notice the direction it's spinning physically move the energy that color in the direction it's already moving keep physically doubling the spin doubling the speed doubling the amplitude until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot key phrase notice the change if it's something you want more of notice it just keeps getting better it's something you want less of notice it's gone a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of the sensation if it's anything other than a zero take it out spin it again put it back in until it's zeroed out wash rinse repeat that's it yep if.

I'm looking at the if. I'm looking at the the energy let's say. I want to um let's say. I want to radiate more trust and compassion okay.

I will. First. I will isolate in my body where that feeling lives as. I look.

At it. I'll notice there's a color connected to that feeling. I'll notice the color. I'll reach in.

I'll grab all that energy. I'll take it out and. I'll look. At it.

I hold it in my hands. I'll look. At it with my inner eyes. I'll notice it's spinning in a certain direction if it's is something.

I want more of. I'll grab it with both of my hands and. I'll spin it over and over and over again over and over over until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when. I know.

I've got it slam it back in noce the change noce it just keeps getting stronger yes. You juston that yes. The secret to this when. I'm up here and.

I'm doing a process with you. I'm doing the process with you when. I connect with there's energetics going on here you don't need to understand the energetics of what. I'm doing to do it to yourself you're going to work with other people you want to do this it's it's important to have a deep neurological connection heart math calls that coherence it's a synchronization of the nervous system it's based on the laws of physics not white light.

New. Age stuff okay. In our trainings we we go deep into that when. I'm with you not only am.

I am. I guiding you through the process your eyes. Are closed. But how many times when they're doing this process am.

I right. There. I've got something in my hands. I'm spinning it right.

Along with you right. That connection activates your mirror neurons it activates your proprioceptive nervous system which is the part of you that monitors time and space in electromagnetic fields it's the part of you that monitors the internal environment in terms of pain reception mechan reception if you were to have a six sense it would be your proprioceptive nervous system only it wouldn't be your sixth sense it would be your sixth seventh e8th and 9th sense because there are at least six different nerve endings that feed information into your propri acceptive system it's the same part of you that gives you those creepy feelings when a guy's staring at your butt from across the room okay. It's that part of you if. I reach into my pocket and.

I feel something in my pocket it's the part of me that knows what's in my pocket without me having to look. When. I close my eyes. And.

I hold my hands out in front of me it's the part of my system that knows where my hands are in space it's not your aura although it's the physiological counterpart of it everything. I'm teaching you is neuroscience. I'll give you the sources you can look. Them up.

I don't take credit for the syn. I take credit for the synthesis not the source okay. Your nervous system cannot code anything without automatically coding for its opposite once you know how you code an experience you gain power over it as long as you disidentify from the process realize it's just something you're doing not who you are that's a very important concept anytime you become identified with something usually the statement is prefaced by. I am.

X. I tell you what. I do for a living. I say.

I'm an accountant. I'm a banker. I'm a neural linguistic programmer. I am is an identity statement which means you will fight to keep that identity just as hard as you would fight to keep somebody from cutting off your arm okay.

The. First thing we need to do is realize that every experience that we have is a process we're running every memory you have is a photograph or a recording that you have it is not you it is not the thing that happened it is simply something you're doing and you can always change what you're doing does that make sense that being said what's in your hands is a actually let's do this real quick how many people got something you want to get rid of real quick. I just want to give you. I just want to give tonight.

I just want to. I don't know everybody stand up who wants to get rid of something now for the sake of of ease and comfort on a shittiness scale of 0 to 10 let's pick something in the low 3 to five range okay. If you guys have something heavier you want to get rid of after we go through the the worksheet. I'll be happy to work with you a little bit one-on-one and help you clear some stuff out that's why.

I come tonight that's why. I do the things. I do okay. So there's something you guys want to change something you want to get rid of reach in.

Reach. Out. And. Touch the picture find a picture of it trace the edges of it.

So you know how big it is. First thing. I want you to do is. I want you to make it worse.

So grab the picture make it bigger notice the icky feeling notice where in your body you feel it okay. Make sure you know exactly what it is now bring the picture back to its normal size now imagine that there's a little set of knobs along the bottom of that screen. One controls the brightness of the image. I want you to turn the brightness knob all the way to the right.

Till the image whites out turn the image all the way to the left until the image black out notice which one feels better pick whichever one feels better if it's white turn it all the way to the right. If it's black turn it all the way to. Black okay. Now just in case there's something from this experience that your unconscious mind needs to preserve some lesson.

I want you to imagine in your in your writing in your dominant hand is a little glowing magic marker across that. Whit or black screen. I want you to write everything this experience had to teach you that needs to be kept. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go the screen will scroll to write as much or as little as you want notice what happens to the feelings in your body as you begin to express physically expressing that when you know you've got when you know you're done and keep going.

I don't care it take as long or as little as you need once you know you've got it take that image shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp now take it. Crump it up throw it behind you you know the sound a nail gun makes when you nail something. K. I try to bring it back what just happened gone isn't it.

Marcus uhhuh now point to where that feeling used to be close your eyes. Look. At where that place used to be notice there's a feeling connected to where it used to be notice the color. First impression reach in grab that energy take it out and hold it in your hand in front of you.

First thing. I want you to notice to the color change or stay the same doesn't matter as long as you you can answer it notice it's spinning in a certain direction if it's something you want more of physically grab it with both of your hands double the spin in the direction it's going double the spin if it's something you want less up turn it. So it's the opposite of what it was double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it double it double it double it over and over and over again ladies and gentlemen double it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible to go back the way it was when you know it's impossible to go back the way it was and only. Then slam it back in notice the change in whatever.

Direction. You. Want. It.

Whatever feelings connected to those experiences are there if it's something you want to get rid of let the feelings come up let them come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them when you know you're done try to bring it back notice what happens can't do it right. Give yourselves a big round of applause always your or you need to go wherever it needs to go many times. I just noticed this recently as many times when. I have somebody pull something out it's almost always in the solar plexus and they take it out and they spin it the opposite and when they put it back they put it back in their heart.

I've just started to notice that pattern. But it was something that. I told them to when. I told them to put it back where they got it.

But they don't something about their system knows where that that new experience needs to go okay. I didn't write this. I didn't again. I got this down this technique was downloaded to me if you believe in in the higher power it it just came to me in one big blop one day.

I was at a training. I had been learning all kinds of other stuff and this uh. Canadian girl comes up to me she was from. Montreal she had this horrible migraine her back ache.

I can't remember which and it just blam and it just came out and her stuff went away and. I didn't think anything of it for seven years or close to seven years it was just something. I did i' used it maybe over the course of that seven years maybe a total of four or five times till. I wound up in.

China and. I didn't have anything else and that opened up a whole new field of study now we're doing stuff that. I mean there isn't anything we thrown in that when the per when the subject follows the instructions there isn't anything we haven't thrown out that hasn't affected to some degree okay. How many people here just got a reg major change very cool how many people don't want to tell me see all right.

In your hands for those of you who want to go deeper into this stuff um every. So often we run this what we call the self-mastery supercharger how many people here would like to attract more love into their life. Co how many people here would like to dissolve the blocks to your success oh good how many people here would like to make more money excellent remove fears unlock your authentic self and get what you deserve in life cool huh well again the whole idea behind this this evening is to become the person who can have all those good things um. October 4th and 5th 2014 uh we're doing our.

Next two-day self transformation self-mastery supercharger this is not just a self hypnosis event most of my people most of the people come to my meetups want to do one of several things they either want to fix their stuff they want me to fix their stuff or they want to fix other people's stuff and. I have a special love for the people who want to fix other people's stuff. I call them a special kind of stupid because anybody who volunteers to go in and shovel people's crap to run into the burning building that everybody runs out of you're a special person we call those people. Heroes by the way we need more of them.

But you're no. Good to the world broke figuratively or monetarily you're no. Good to the world disempowered you're no. Good to the world unhappy unsatisfied.

So the. First rule is fix your own stuff get the life you want before you worry about giving the life that everybody else wants does that make sense on. October 25th or 21st through the 25th we're doing our. First our our.

Next certification for those of you who are interested in becoming a certified hypnotist therapist that's our certification track um if anybody wants to opt into that we have a special package that includes this training. But not everybody wants to do that some of you guys left some of the people left early. So they're going to miss out. But everybody who came out tonight put up with my crap gets a free gift from me usually to walk into my doors anywhere from 175 to $350 an hour everybody who came out tonight on your on your chair is a card or several cards as a matter of fact the back of the room is my lovely daughter.

Tracy everyone here gets a free 30-minute consultation with me in my office in salana beach if you get to come if if you live far away like. Orange. County or or uh. La you can do it by phone okay.

I don't necessarily promise to fix your problem. But. I do promise to listen to figure out if what. I do and what.

I offer is a fit if it is. I'll tell you and we'll strategize a way for you to get the help you want if it isn't and. I. I'm not a fit for everybody.

I piss some people off okay. Which is very indicative of more it says actually the people that get triggered by me says more about you than it does about me okay. Took. Me a long time to realize that when people get upset with you about something it's telling you more about them than it does about you if.

I can help you. I'll tell you if. I can't. I'll tell you that too and.

I'll try. I'll do my best to point you in a direction that you can go yes. Um. I have a daughter who.

Liv inai uh can she you yes. As long as important very important. I would love to help your daughter. But.

I'm going to tell you exactly what happens nine times out of 10 when somebody else brings somebody to my office they don't want to be there okay. I. I you can see it walking in the door right. They're there because somebody they love wants them to be there and they're doing it to please you if we'll do a 30-minute consultation if.

I get the impression that she's there because she wants something that she wants to be there. I'll take her on as a client if. I get the impression that she's there because she wants to make you happy. I won't in spite of what comes out of her mouth.

I won't take her you take as like cons yeah. I do that now. I. I ever since.

I started talking telling my cancer stories. I've gotten people all over the world who are are are calling me and doing phone sessions and things like that. I still prefer inperson work because. I have more control of the environment.

I have. I can actually if you start going into a physiological response. I can help monitor it and change it whereas over. Skype the internet goes out you're halfway through a process.

I'm like right. I've had that happen that's why. I had to start doing train a session uh phone sessions out of my home because the internet is. So unreliable at our at our.

Clinic. I won't do it anymore. I will literally pad either side of my phone sessions with like 40 minutes on either side to make sure. I have time to get back and forth from the home office to the clinic we have a beautiful.

Clinic in salana. Beach by the way we do meetups there on. Wednesday nights on energy healing and uh we're going to be doing an. NLP skill building meet up there on.

Wednesdays as well. So for those of you want to learn more about. NLP before you jump all the way in um or if you have certifications. But have no.

Opportunity to practice it's a great place for you to come and and kind of get your feet wet rehearse some skills. So those are things that we're doing again we're we're all over the place this trans this this. Workshop is designed for people who want to fix their own stuff okay. So you all get the free 30-minute consultation all you got to do is put your name address and phone number on the back of that.

Action. Chiropractic and. Wellness card hand it to my lovely daughter back there she will get you on her schedule and uh they'll book. You there's no.

Again free 30-minute consultation you normally have to pay anywhere of 175. I'm going to raise my rates in. January. But $175 to $350 an hour to come in we'll take a look.

At what you got going on we'll make some recommendations and if it's a fit we we we'll take we we'll see what needs to happen. Next if not you can ask me anything you want. I won't hold anything back okay. Because.

I'm all about. I'm all about you guys okay. I most of the things that. I'm standing up here teaching you.

I didn't develop them for you. I developed them for me. I had stuff in my life that. I needed to fix that.

I wanted to do and nobody was nobody could teach me how to do them and. I had to go to all these different sources and put something together that worked turns out that a lot of people have the same stuff going on that. I had and if you find. Value from from what you got tonight if you had a good time please post good things to the.

Meetup tell people about it if you didn't have a good time if. I pissed you off please post to somebody else's. Meetup okay. Uh normally for this this particular event uh when.

I teach it as a. Therapy. Group it's it's $1,950 okay. But what.

I'm doing for people is um normally what. I do for meetups is. I cut that in half and it's 975 um. But you guys are really special.

I love you. So what we're going to do is is uh for anybody who wants to jump into that two-day training it's. October 4th and 5th it's 497 that's. But don't don't jump into this unless you you really want to change because the way this works is it's not lecture it's not like me standing up here exactly the way it works is.

I. I demonstrate the technique. I explain the technique. I install the technique in you you do it to each other until you own it backwards and forwards and.

Then you learn how to do it to yourself. So by the time you reach the end of theep. Second day there isn't anything. Charles will tell you he's been through it uh who else has been.

John has you've been through it. John two. John's right. Jeff has been through it talk to these guys they will tell you you will come out a different person your life will change the process we is called identity by.

Design it's a seven-stage process that teaches you how to rewrite every aspect of your life. So that when you remember the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better it gets rid of those voices in your head that are are constantly telling you all the all the bad things about you and replaces it with a voice that only tells you the very best things about you and a voice that you can always believe it teaches you how to take on the qualities traits and attributes of people you really admire and install them directly into your nervous system it teaches you how to reorganize the filing system that controls your past. So that all the negativity the structure is changed. So that when you remember things it has no.

Power over you when you remember the good things it only you only remember them in ways that make your life better you'll learn the you'll practice the spinning technique over and over and over again and work it into everything. So if anything comes up that you want to fix you can fix it in an instant where is this going to happen it's going to happen. October 4th and 5th where it's in salana beach at my clinic it's the there should be an address the address should be on here if not um it's on the clinic card for those of you who want to enroll. Tracy will make sure you get an extra card with the address on it yes.

For. Third floor nobody can find that place yes. What are the hours hours are 900 p 9:00 a.m. to 6 uh 600 p.m. 9:00 a.m. yes. Yes's how do you find how do you find me.

I would type in uh there's a couple of videos that are really really popular if you type my name in they'll come up uh like speed attraction secrets of personal transformation uh. Renegade romance are all very popular. So you can probably find those easy or you can type in. David.

El. Snider on the. YouTube search engine and my stuff should come up. I mean.

I'm all over yeah you can also go to. NLP power.com. NLP power.com. I started archiving.

I. I load everything up to. YouTube. First for search engine work and.

So people can find us. But. Then. I take the edited portions of the of the of the training and.

I put them for free for a short time on the. NLP power website. So you can go to the. NLP power blog and watch all the meetups that we've done over the past six seven eight months for those of you who are in my private mentoring program there's a special members only section where you can access all the videos from the personal group trainings we've done for the.

Last four years everything's archived there we haven't talked about the. Mas mind. I don't want to throw too many things at you right. So um the this training and again it's depending on size if.

I got six or more people. I'll probably move it to here. But you all know where that is. But up to six it's going to be at my clinic in salana.

Beach because we have this beautiful balcony overlooking the ocean. So we do the lecture report and. Then everybody goes out on the balcony and zaps each other it's aeric to watch it's a party it really is cuz. I bring all the chocolate and candy and there's all kinds of cool restaurants it's the it's in the.

Cedros or in the. Sal. Beach. Design.

District if you know where. Cedros is it's a really beautiful place. So it's it's nice um. So that's what we've got going on and if anybody if anybody wants to jump in tonight before you leave see.

Tracy she'll run your information. I'm going to give you two more things okay. I'm going to. I'm going to drop another 200 bucks off.

So you get the whole thing for 297 and. I'll throw in a complete video copy of the training for you. So you'll have it to take with you now. Marcus because you went ahead and jumped into the.

October training. I don't want your money now oh man you get this for free oh what okay. Anybody else who wants to do that you want the. Marcus special anybody who actually wants to use these skills to help other people and again that's not everybody that's a very small demographic this tonight's.

Workshop is about just showing you what's possible showing you that there's there are way you're not stuck you're not broken you can change anything and. I and. I'm truly starting to believe that there is nothing we can't change the longer. I do this work the more people.

I work with the more challenges. I accept the only thing. I. I the only the only parameters to the work this kind of work is that the person doing it follows the instructions with absorption and focus and you notice whenever.

I bring somebody up here. I don't just say go back to your. SE. I say try to bring it back.

I test it. I'm always testing right. Because that's how you learn the stuff. I come up with or the stuff.

I'm sharing with you it didn't come about because of things that worked it came about because things went wrong and. I had to figure it out and that's kind of the core of what we do in our hypnotherapy trainings and. NLP certifications we call it hypnosis or. NLP in freef.

Fall get the change no. Matter what. So it develops within you a very very determined flexible skill set that allows you to be free to express who you are and get the changes your way we're not going to give you scripts we're going to show you the principles we're going to teach you the techniques and just like you would go to a martial arts class and practice the same punch over and over and over again we're going to drill you on those skills over and over and over again whether you're coming for self-work whether you're coming to work to help other people everything we do is about wiring these things into you not just unconsciously like some trainers like to claim. But giving you the ability to do it anytime anywhere for any reason that's what.

NLP power is about that's why. I stand up here and. I share these things because people need to do the stuff you've just learned tonight you need to be doing it for yourself. First and foremost and.

Then ultimately when your shit's handled you'll be much more open to helping other people helping the people you love the people you care about thank you he.
