Title: kbv_y3UQKtU.txt
Video Id: kbv_y3UQKtU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbv_y3UQKtU

All right. So here's the thing on you before. I get back into the didactic part of this. I want is the practice okay.

So what. I'm going to do is. I'm just going to try running the basic skeleton of the process. Then go a little slower one things that that.

I do a lot these are these are completely in the background with a massive effect on the system is you notice when. I start talking. I'm kind of conspiratorial and as we get into the process. I start to get more and more intense that starts to speed up faster the nervous system or the nervous system becomes aroused the faster it has to go.

So. I'm also pleased sometimes remember. SSS professionals we exact anything especially with this paper the question is should. I got.

I had a bag of martial arts camera that his wife was actually paying attention they came into the into the kitchen the mess hall one day supported. But you know the gods it was nice guy. First go and sorry told you guys just all my different guys are doing the brain else only once if. I can retrieve my.

So. I basically talking about what they were doing and. I asked the nicest insane possible contour field now it turns out that he has sometimes biomechanical issues didn't matter there's there's a moral to the story and the moral is is that. I got the pain he felt frickin phenomenal and felt ten years he throws this kick and.

I saw it come and he comes off on that today though. I took. The bait away it fix problem went away feel exactly. So remember that part of our responsibility is just because we can something we still have to inform a client did.

I think these people. I don't know they actually you know they did the work it was it was a combination it's a cooperation it's a unity to use the tool above you working together to achieve out right. There's always more strength and synergy need to remember even. Erickson said your clients will be your clients aspiration just barrier more we dissolve.

So you have a scale of zero down four or five. So what can't hear. I'm being construed it was a four minute ago. I know.

So what am i because. I can what's going on too. I'm sure what you're looking for how can. I think okay.

So what it was for you came up here. I thought we could sell gold out my leg.
