Title: How To Manifest Anything You Want Faster Than Ever - FREE Class Today - 4:00 PM Pacific
File Name: KdE3EujoADs.txt
Video Id: KdE3EujoADs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdE3EujoADs

Oh yeah foreign foreign foreign [Music] foreign foreign foreign foreign mm-hmm foreign foreign foreign foreign [Music] okay. Hello hello hello my friends this is. Dr. David checking in with our pre-webinars.

I like to call it the pre-flight warm-up pre-game warm-up we'll be starting in about. Third less than 30 minutes and we'll be talking about hidden. Laws of. Attraction forgotten secrets for manifesting.

Success health wealth and happiness how to manifest anything you've ever wanted faster than ever before we're going to give you some hidden master keys we're going to teach you some reasons why your manifestation stuff or your manifestation attempts may not be bearing fruit to the degree that you like we're going to show you how to go down that rabbit hole and. Then we're going to show you how to take it even further okay. So uh like. I said this is my what.

I'm my traditional uh pre-game warm-up. So once again remember that if you're used to a 90-minute webinar where they tease you for the. First 30 minutes and. Then they they tell you to buy their stuff for the.

Next 60. that's not how these webinars work these webinars are based on giving you hardcore real world actionable content uh that you can go out into the world that you don't even have to believe in for them to work for you you just got to apply them we've taken a a great deal of time energy and effort to distill these things down to as purely a mechanical process as humanly possible and uh. So. I really. I'm really proud of the content we're going to be sharing with you today if you take it out and you use it you're going to be amazed at the returns that they provide for you with just a little bit of input on your end we're going to take you as far as we can we're going to show you where to go to take your your training further.

But the most important thing about this if you want to get the most out of tonight's webinar hey stay for the entire event because again we we're going to teach you some hardcore quality stuff for the. First 45 to 60 minutes we're going to show you the different packages and programs we have for you to take your skills to the. Next level when that part is done we're going to circle back we're going to pick up where we left off on on part one of the webinar and we're going to continue to teach we're going to customize the content of tonight's webinar to the applications or areas of interest that you choose. So uh we will be we will be uh double live streaming once again between uh jet webinar you cannot and you can find that link if you need the link for the jet webinar page uh we can post that for you or you could just watch it here on.

YouTube live and in person um like. I said we have about two or three different ways that you can get your questions answered and uh the. First one of course is type it in the chat if you don't if if. I don't if.

I see it and it's relevant to where we're at in the webinar. Then. I will answer it right. Then and there if.

I don't feel that it's it's relevant to where we are in the webinar or or it's going to pull us down a rabbit hole that is gonna you know cause us to move away from the content everybody else came to see. I'm gonna put a pinhole in it and all right. I'm going to suggest that you ask that question in the comments section below this video now a lot of what. I'm talking about now.

I'll be reiterating at the beginning of the actual webinar just for the people in jet webinar and for people who who join us late if you know people who are interested in manifestation. Law of. Attraction how to remove blocks to success get rid of negative emotions and you know move towards the best version of themselves. Then by all means.

I encourage you to reach out let them know about the webinar it's going to be a long one it's going to be at least uh close to three hours maybe a little bit longer why because it's for you when. I do these things uh obviously. I. I'm not here to show people how to do cool stuff and and how to move programs and products.

But more importantly. I'm here to help you get your life the life that you want the way that you want it and to do that there's a few things that. I ask of you. First and foremost do the drills when.

I say get out of pen and pit piece of paper do this write this stand up sit down the more the drills you go through the more experiences you have the more you'll have a what we call gnosis a direct experience of the power of these techniques and that's what we want we want we don't want you moving through the world working from theories or or a belief system that has never been tested or tried we want you to feel the power of what we do and what we teach here at. Planet. David. So you can decide to take the.

Next step and apply them to your life okay. So. I love and again uh lest you get the wrong impression. I love questions um please keep your comments what as often happens is people make friends in the chat or they get excited please keep your comments uh civil um and relevant to the content of the webinar uh if it's a question that's fine um.

But if if there's a lot of chit chat or kabitzing in the webinar that's not directly relevant to what we're doing uh it tends to distract from other people's experience and. So. I want everybody to have the best experience humanly possible if for some reason you keep asking a question and you keep asking a question and you keep asking a question and. I just don't seem to get to it immediately after we close the webinar.

Tonight. YouTube is going to post a replay of this uh on our. YouTube channel if you go to that page and you type in your question. Then.

I make it a practice two or three times a day every day to go through the comments on our. YouTube channel and as often and as as completely as. I can answer the questions that people have. So once again um if you have a question ask it if.

I can't answer it. I'll ask one of my veterans to ask it people who have direct experience using our techniques to solve that question uh or you can always come to come to the comments section at the end of the videos and type your question and we will get you an answer as soon as possible if. I know the answer. I'll tell you.

I'll either point you to a video or. I'll point you to a book. Resource. I know about or a course that we have if.

I don't know the answer. I'll tell you that too. I found it's just a whole lot safer and a whole lot easier to pretend that. I don't know everything right.

Um and. So that's kind of how it is um. I've. I've.

I take a lot of. I place a lot of value in the relationship that. I have with you as my my listeners and my students and my subscribers and. I want to continue that value.

Exchange in a way that's hat makes everybody happy okay. So that being said it is 337 by my clock we have about oh 23 minutes give or take until the actual webinar starts and uh feel free to talk and chat amongst yourselves like. I said when. I actually start the official webinar.

I will be repeating a lot of this. But. I wanted people who are kind of early birds to kind of know. I am here.

I am monitoring the chat hello everybody uh from. Sam to sweat to everybody else who's here. I know there's a bunch of people who aren't speaking. But uh um to all the rest of you 28 people that haven't said anything yet um welcome and.

I hope you enjoy your stay in. Planet. David please please please get some caffeinated beverages lots of chocolate. Laden substances will throwing image cycling energy into a running file in a human hologram.

Force image cycling to run in the background. I do not know chosen um because. I've never done that um the only thing. I can say is test it and see just be very careful um that you're not you're not violating people's um autonomy if that makes any kind of sense uh.

I have advanced classes where. I show people how to create thought forms and things for influence purposes that's really not the focus of tonight's webinar um. But there are techniques for doing that. River saying hello will you be going over my.

Mana your manifesting tape the short answer is yes. I will be covering a couple of the manifestation techniques. I use and. I'll be pointing you in the direction of where to go to get the higher and more advanced versions of those plus a whole lot more techniques for doing other things in the in the realm of manifesting if that's where you want to go does that sound like a fair deal that yeah the screen is black because my camera is off right.

Now because. I don't want you to see me slurping my. Big. Gulp or you know uh blowing my nose or wiping my mouth or doing whatever the things we we forget we're doing when the camera is running.

So you'll just have to deal with my audio trust me you're going to get a face full of me very very soon. So uh that being said um this is. Dr. David.

I will see you in 21 minutes. I love you bye hello hello my friends this is. Dr. David checking in and.

I just wanted to say hello to everyone welcome to my. First webinar in a while hidden. Laws of. Attraction how to miss how to manifest anything you want faster than you ever thought possible today we're going to be covering some of the most powerful and in many cases simple ways to manifest things that.

I've ever found in my life and. I've spent a lot of time looking before we get into the content of tonight's webinar. I do have a few uh administrative details that. I'd like to go over with you um let me just go ahead and and bring up my chats here um.

So for those of you who are joining us um. First time tonight.
