Title: KeBPOlF9W30.txt
Video Id: KeBPOlF9W30
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KeBPOlF9W30

And. I actually answer right. People are often amazed um because they see my videos on. YouTube right.

And they actually because. I put my actual cell phone on the videos and on my on my website and it goes right. To my cell phone it doesn't go to my receptionist it doesn't go to my office assistant. So they call that number expecting to get somebody else and.

Then all of a sudden hi this is. David do you always yes. Yes. I do now.

I'm rapidly change things things are rapidly exponentiated as all things do that go viral on the internet and. I. Ru that day when. I can't do that anymore.

But as far as. I'm concerned if you call that number. I will answer and. I will always answer right.

Uh getting back to my wife my wife is from mainland. China and she has some very interesting stories to tell there. But um she's also very much into martial arts and. I'm you don't know.

I'm a lifelong martial artist you stud. I well. I. I have a ninth degree in uh now in karate.

I have a. I'm a certified instructor in combat. Systema which is a. Russian martial art right.

I uh. I've studied yagihara. II. Jiu-Jitsu.

I have a. Second degree in brown belt in. Koso. Kempo brown belt in small circle.

Jiu-Jitsu uh. I'm a certified instructor in both modern arice and single mono. Esa and. I'm also certified in mod what they call.

Modular knife combat which is a an offshoot of modern e it's a much more scaled downst talk by. Grandmaster. Bram. Frank yes.

I also am a certified instructor through a program called just yo fire which is a women's self-defense program. So it's a nonprofit uh. So there's a tremendous amount of martial arts in the hypnosis that. I do and there's a tremendous amount of hypnosis in the martial arts that.

I do. I'm also let me just finish the pedigree and. I'll finish the wife's story and. Then we'll get into the real reason why you're here which it all relates actually because my wife when she studied in.

China man grew up in one of the birthplaces of dosm it's called zetan. Province it's a very uh remote very humid place. But there's a lot of. DS temples there's a lot of very esoteric.

Traditions there and she. I had gone to study at martial arts school or not martial. Acupuncture school and her friend. I had reactivated the old martial arts.

Club on that campus and her friend pointed me. I said that's that's the guy that's the guy doing the seminar the. Marshal the pressure point seminar the martial artist and she looks at me she looks at her friend she goes he's the martial artist he's not even. Chinese right.

And. So. I'm walking by and now. I'm we.

I had the only. AC. I'm going to. I'm going to trip.

I know it okay. We had the only. Acupuncture school with an actual cadabra lab. So.

I'm walking into the anatomy lab anybody here ever been in an anatomy lab it has a very unique smell doesn't it that too right. Okay. So. I'm walking by this caber and she's there with her friend and she lunges over me and to this day.

I say it's a scalpel she says it was a probe she goes are you the martial artist and. I'm like ah right. What what rule did. I break now.

I'm going to end up like. Bruce. Lee or something white people aren't supposed to know this right. And there's a long drawn out history there.

So welcome to my world. I'm. I'm a little too loud for my own good here won't you come on in um there chairs up here there's chairs up front people in the front row always get the best stuff how many people here have been with uh in a a actual like week long training or three-day training with me just. So.

I know all right. If you have any questions about any of the things. I'm going to cover see these people right. They know this stuff backwards and forwards because.

I drill them on it intensely in our. Last hypnotherapy certification they were doing instant inductions halfway through the. First day by the end of the training one guy had logged over 115 instant inductions okay. We do more.

Hands-On than anybody on the planet okay. That being said this is a. Hands-On class you are actually going to be doing this stuff okay. Because it's not enough for me to just stand up here and lecture at you anybody can do that.

I want you to have an experience do that. Mak sense um real quick though there are a few things that we have to get out of the way. I don't care if you've been a hypnotist no. Pun intended right.

I don't care if you've been a hypnotist for 20 years or 20 minutes there will be many things. I do that you recognize there will be some things you. I do that you have no. Idea.

I'm even doing it's okay. The. First you're got you're all going to be dramatically successful with this okay. The one thing.

I've learned is that you don't have to believe any of it don't have to believe it you just got to do it with the right. With with three basic components hey you got to be playful you gota be playful you gotta have fun with this there's tremendous tremendous power in playful even when you're dealing with very very serious traumas okay. I've had people who have been completely disabled with. PTSD and in the.

SP and you know they've been through three tours one was in. Serbia one was in. Afghanistan you know these guys are just completely disabled and we get them generating tremendous pleasure in their bodies in their neurology the nervous system resets itself we give them suggestions and they come out completely changed a lot of the techniques that. I do are based on.

Pleasure on oxytocin release in the system okay. I can go into the. Neuroscience. But.

Then we' go into a profoundly un resourceful. Trans. State where blood dribbles out your nose out your eyes. The drool starts right.

I apologize for the intermittent sound. I will do my best to work around that. I have a couple questions for you. So the.

First thing is you got to be playful right. Second you must be absorbed grasshopper in what we are doing and you must be focused now many people think when. I say absorbed and focused they think. I know what the hell.

I'm talking about no. They don't. I have a question for you how many people here have ever been little kids now if. I see anybody not raising your hand get the out right.

Every now and. Then. I have some smart ass in back going no. I was born in a test tube and.

I grew up on computational models you get out all right. You can always tell when you're when you're in this position like. I am you can always tell who's going to get. Chang and who's not because.

I will tell the. AUD. I will give the audience an instruction to do something and everybody does it. But that one person.

I say now do this and they go okay. This goes back to what. I call. Smart.

Guy syndrome and hypnotist disease they are two very very closely related phenomena. But they are slightly different um if you have never been a hypnotist you are somewhat immune to hypnotist disease. But you're a prime candidate for smart guy syndrome okay. Smart guy syndrome is that part of you that's trying to have the process happen while evaluating if it's actually working or not well remember what.

I said you need three components right. You need to be playful you need to be absorbed and you need to be focused if there's a part of you trying to have the experience a part of you trying to evaluate if the experience is actually working and making judgments about it how absorbed are you yes. No. Sort of sort of right.

To the degree that you engage in that particular process you will hold yourself back that being said everybody's nervous system has a greater or lesser degree of responsiveness and plasticity and that doesn't that won't stop the from working on you okay. The only thing. I ask is that you actively don't fight the techniques right. Skeptical is fine if what.

I do in salana. Beach which by the way what. I do in salana. Beach you know.

I made that joke about weight loss you know how many. I get. I get about three a year okay. My specialty is physiological illness that has as its root repressed emotion.

I get physiological illness that has as its root repressed emotion. So. I get everything from chronic pain that nobody knows why it started or they know where it started they just don't know why it won't go away all the way up to cancer. Parkinson's disease multiple sclerosis uh 25 45 year long cases of scoliosis the pain just does not go away it just keeps getting worse and worse and worse herpes outbreaks.

I mean. I get the full spectrum of stuff okay. The techniques that. I'm going to share with you in the.

Next two hours. First of all. I'm going to take you as far as. I can in the time that we have and uh.

I'll if you want more. I'll show you where to go for more if if you guys want would that be okay. Show hands if that's all right. Thank you okay.

So. I deal with. I use this technique every day now some people you know. Richard bandler used to joke about after he after a while he got.

So good at. NLP he would just start charging people by the change instead of instead of by how by the session or how long it took. And. I thought wow that's a joke he's not get and.

I started doing this. I'm like 30 minutes into it. I've. I've.

C. I've fixed 10 things right. Because it does work that fast now. I will tell you this one of the reasons that a lot of times people don't fully succeed with this and.

I'll show you the workarounds is that they give up too soon this is a process that is very much wash rinse repeat until it's done just like if you're doing like a a uh in regression where you just. Rewind. The. Experience until delete the emotional charge the nervous system works best and learns fastest through repetition through repetition through repetition.

Okay. So. I'm going to give you guys the basic technique and. Then.

I'm going to have you practice it we're going to come back. I'm going to show you a few workarounds we do a few demos. I'll pick uh. I know a lot of people in this room have actually used some of this stuff how many people have actually used any of this stuff um cool.

I can't wait to hear you guys right. Um. So playful right. I'll get into the playful aspect in a minute because we're actually going to use this technique to get really playful really quick and feel really good really quick by the way.

I also am doing an erotic hypnosis 2day session just an idea hypnotist disease nobody here qualifies for that right. Hypnotist disease is that unique behavior that seems to come up whenever you break up into groups of two or three to do an exercise and you are a seasoned hypnotist working with another seasoned hypnotist or maybe even not a seasoned hypnotist and you're in there and you're being guided through this trans process and you're exhibiting all the phenomena or not and you're sitting there on well is he better than me. I'm going to use that something you can steal. I'm going to suggest that if there's a part of you trying to evaluate the experience or who's better you're not really absorbed in the process.

So by a show of hands again how many people here have ever played pretend or. Not. Sorry. U.

Been children okay. Much better much better how many people here ever played pretend as little kids very cool when you played pretend young lady what did you play at. I was always this. American.

Indian. American. Indian walking through the. So were you like a tom boy or a tom girl.

I was it's okay. I was a tom girl myself no. S right. That was that's a.

YouTube video going going bad more of a tom boy more of a tom boy that's cool. Joe were you a tom boy or a tom girl. I was a tom girl you were a tom girl. So you were a girly girl you played with your teacup you how about you sir what did you play at when you were a kid were you a little kid ever okay.

You played for 10 hary yeah cool and how about you teacher teacher wow and did you have a class. I did who was your class the neighborhood kids the neighborhood kids did you ever have a pretend class and teach the pretend class did they ask questions yes. Did you answer them. I did were they happy when you answered them um.

I think they said we're done playing school no. I'm talking about the pretend friends we have meds her. Imaginary. Friends retired of school.

I love that. I'm going to use it my point though is when you played. Soldier sir did you ever use a toy gun or a stick or a prop or something like that now. I'm betting.

I'm betting. I'll get some of you guys in the back in a minute. I'll pick on you. I'm betting when you picked up that stick or that toy gun you knew it was a toy you knew it was just a stick right.

For the. First five minutes 6 and 1 half minutes. Later it's a real. M60 you're really.

Rambo and there's really commies coming around the corner right. And you're chucking and you're driving and you're dodging bullets how many girly girls we got in the room girly girls all right. I like him already bury your soul my friend right. Now maybe you played teacups maybe you played house maybe you played all those little girly games.

But you used your imagination yes. And maybe you had. You' had tea with your stuffed animals and you had conversations with your stubbed animals or your imaginary friends. I have a question for you were you asleep no.

Were you really really absorbed in what you were doing yeah were you focused were you having a ball ladies and gentlemen if you can do that you can do anything. I'm about to teach you if you can just be as a little kid be playful and just play pretend you can do anything. I'm about to teach you and you can help a million people just like. I do.

I can literally say that because. I have over 1.5 million views on. YouTube. So.

I know there's a lot of people out there getting help and it's granted. But. I'm not enough. I need you.

I need all of you. I need all of you out there doing this that's why. I'm here do well by doing good don't be afraid to charge for your services. But don't be don't worry about don't be hesitant about going nuclear if you need to right.

And you can you can help a lot of people with this stuff even the stuff you had before before this you can help a lot of people now people are going to start noticing you. So be prepared for that. I got a an email from uh. I think.

I did. I tell you guys about the the doctor in. Malaysia if. I get a chance.

I'll pull it up on my computer and. I'll read it to you it was pretty it's pretty profound um. But that's really all it's about guys if you can play pretend like you would like when you were a little kid and you can point to where you feel something in your body you have everything you need to change it. I call it point- and- click therapy okay.

Everything about what we do whether you're certified in. NLP whether you're a hypnotist whether you're an energy healer a body worker everything that clients come to us for comes down to a feeling they are having in their body that they want to change understand that it's not about the voice in their head although. I know people tell you that it's not about the picture in their head or the bad you know something leaving a bad taste in their mouth or whatever it's never about that it's about how that picture or that voice or that smell or that taste makes them feel does that make sense even. NLP will tell you how many people are certified in.

NLP okay. How many people here know what a convincer strategy is okay. If you don't. I will give you the the nuts and bolts reader digest version just like a slot machine has a certain number of reps it's going to go through through before the jackpot hits your nervous system has a certain number of repetitions it has to cycle through before it accepts change or we'll take an action yes.

Sir 10% um okay. That's right. Uh okay. Let's see is that better okay.

I thought it was a little had a little too much vibration. Anyway. So. I will just speak much louder you're very welcome sir okay.

So the secret to this is as a hypnotist especially if we're not trained in. NLP. NLP has this long drawn out way of eliciting somebody's convincer strategy screw that. I don't have the patience okay.

And it's highly contextual and as a hypnotist by the way if you're going to go through my training. Silo before. I ever teach you. NLP you are going to be a master of hypnosis.

First because when you master hypnosis. NLP gets really easy really quick hypnosis is the easiest sloppiest most forgiving form of change work ever ever ever invented you can screw up nine times out of 10 fix it on the 10th no. One will ever know and it still works better than everything else that being said a lot of the things. I'm going to teach you a lot of the things.

I'm going to be sharing with you are backed up by neuroscience and psychology. I study psychology intensely and. I really pay attention to when they actually get something to work and there's a reason because. I know if a psych a psychologist can do it if.

I use it in hypnosis it's really going to get knock him dead right. It's usually a really rock solid principle um. I'm not. I love psychology.

I'm. I'm a fan of every form of. Mind science out there. But there are limitations to talking to the wrong part of the brain and most of them have no.

Idea of semantic engagement which is what we're going to be working with today you got to get your meat suit involved okay. You got to get the body involved a lot of us are into conversational hypnosis a lot of us are into having somebody vegetative in the chair. I'm telling you that is actually one of the weakest ways to get change and it's one of the slowest when you want to get rapid powerful change get the body involved everything in our life goes back to feelings feelings live in your body whether you believe in energetics whether you believe in auras. Pro perception and all this stuff doesn't matter get the body involv when.

I say reach out and grab something and spin it like a wheel physically. Reach. Out grab that sucker and spin it like a wheel because the same exact mechanism kicks in as when you play pretend for the. First five minutes you know it's not exactly the same as the real thing and.

Then at some point the nervous system just doesn't care anymore and it just makes gets the message and it makes the change does that make sense okay. How many people here have ever going to see a movie going to see a movie see. I now. I need to turn my thing back up don't.

I. I have sound issues right. Now. I don't know about you.

But maybe you're going to a movie maybe like comedies maybe like uh action movies you know you got you walk into the movie theater got your best girl or best guy on one hand bottle of. Pop big box of popcorn in the other and you're walking down wondering who's going to be more [Laughter] fun you sit down some reason people always chuckle at that. I don't know why uh you sit down the lights go down the show starts can you tell me at what moment you became completely absorbed in that movie before it started before it started if you can actually tell me when that happened you're lying it means you weren't absorbed understand just like a movie be fully absorbed and of. So of course 90 minutes 2 hours go by you have an amazing experience and except for this chronic ache in your bladder.

CU you stayed for the very. Last credit where you're going oh. God. I hope.

I make it nobody's nobody else is an. Avengers fan like me always waiting for the waiting for the. Last thing okay. So those are the basics okay.

Couple of couple of uh administrative things real quick this means. I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh. I hope he doesn't call on me this means yes.

This means no. There will be a test they thought. I was joking. Last class.

I got you okay. All right. So what we're going to do what. I find is the best way to do this.

I'm gonna we're going to do it as a group exercise. First. I will come up and. I will do some basic demos and.

Then we're going to break up into groups of two or three and we're just going to play for 10 15 minutes we'll come back. I'll show you some workarounds and some little troubleshooting things that you can play with okay. And. Then.

I'll show you what to do. Next is that be cool all right. How many people here would like to feel good for no. Fraking reason oh going.

I don't know. I don't know. I can handle it oh everybody stand up everybody stand up don't block my camera man you know somebody. Next room is going.

I just told him to turn his microphone down now he's shouting because. I'm an all right. So everybody. I want you to remember a time now remember we're going to do this two or three times as a group okay.

This will be the worst you'll ever be at it and you'll still be amazing okay. What. I want you to do. First is.

I want you to remember a time in your life when you felt absolutely playful when you were having the best time ever best or if you if you can't figure out playful go with pleasure maybe you guys maybe you guys have an idea of something that felt really really good not that one the other one as you think about that. I want you to close your eyes. I want you to see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt. But most importantly what.

I want you to do realizing that everybody's eyes. Closed. So nobody's going to see where you're pointing. I want you to point to where that feeling lives in your body point to where it starts just physically point to it as you point to it.

I want you to look. At it with your inner eyes. I want you to notice that there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression that's all right.

Just reach it now what. I want you is physically with both of your hands reach into that area grab all that energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes that hides excellent as you look. At it in your hands. First thing.

I want you to notice did the color change or stay the same. First impression that's right. Now grab it with both actually actually as you hold it in your hands. I want you to uh look.

At it notice it's moving notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning now physically grab it with both of your hands since this is something you want more of. I want you to spin it in the direction it's already moving spin it like a wheel. I want you to double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice as it works its way deeper and deeper into every level of your nervous system how every part of you begins to get stronger and stronger pleasured. But interesting something else begins to happen any program running in your body that isn't in harmony with this new way of being the body will begin to shed it will begin to purge it will begin to release like a snake shedding its skin like a like a software program uninstalling the old unneeded software and when you know it's done just let it happen don't try to measure it don't try to manage it just allow it to happen when you know it's done try to slow it down and notice what happens instead when you know you got it open your eyes.

Notice how different you feel you need a shower what' you notice guys gals. I'm taking that to my. Next party right. It's hot in here it's hot in here right.

Now we're just getting started. I feel good now notice point to where you feel it again now with one hand. I want you to touch the spot with another hand. I want you to reach out imagine that there's a picture connected to that feeling floating in the space around you all.

I want you to do is reach out and touch it with your opposite hand excellent once you find it go with your. First impression trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is beautiful now grab the edges of it with both your hands and just like you open the window on your iPhone or your. Mac or whatever touchcreen just make it as big as an.

IMAX movie theater screen try not to slug the person. Next to you woohoo notice what happens to the feelings in your body yeah that worked for you didn't it yeah highly visual now make it bigger if there's notice if the colors in picture are black and white if it's not in color make it color notice what happens now pull it closer to your body notice what happens [Music] beautiful now lift it up over your head and pull it down around you like a big blanket and let those feelings just sink in let them become a natural way of moving through the world realizing that this feeling that you're having is only going to get stronger in fact as you look. Inside and you see that little spinning energy you may notice it's actually spinning faster now and as you pay attention to how rapidly it's spinning notice what happens in your body as it continues to pick up speed doubling in force doubling in magnitude doubling in amplitude just observe it notice how it changes your entire body. State realizing as it spins faster and faster your nervous system becomes more and more teachable as you experience more and more pleasure all of my words the meaning behind my words and every other good thing that you come for the seminar for is already being installed in a place where they can easily take root and grow inside of you and each and every time you successfully complete an exercise this feeling will double it will triple in fact the more people you do the better it feels fact just to show you that your unconscious mind is totally serious about being playful.

I want you to imagine you've just completed an exercise with someone and notice what happens that's right. Try to slow it down notice what happens instead oh nothing left to do. But feel good when you know you've got it open your eyes. Notice how different the world looks have a seat give yourselves a big round of applause now the process is very very simple no.

Matter where the problem for those of you who don't know you guys know. I'm a. I'm a certified or licensed uh diplomate of. Oriental medicine.

But. I'm also certified raiki. Master. Certified chronic healer certified chronic psychotherapist certified.

DNA. Thea healer uh. I've been a r. I've been student studying cabala for well over 20 years okay.

I've been doing cabala since before. Madonna. So. I'm very much a primadonna right.

I've been doing raiki since before raiki was actually cool right. Uh. So. I know a little bit about energetics.

I'm also very much. I also used to teach remote viewing and remote influence. I still teach remote. I actually still teach those things um in fact.

I have a course coming up in. November if anybody's interested in that kind of stuff. But you can't actually get into that class until you've been through one of my other trainings that's a 400 level course okay. Have to.

REM loc yes. But you can do that through the internet you can remote you through the internet you do that right. Right. It's called.

Google. Maps be that as it may though um. But. I'm also very very critical.

I'm. I'm a critical guy. I mean. I'm.

I'm very competitive you might have noticed that right. Um and. I haven't got time in my life for right. I'm looking for what's working what works consistently and what has the most pervasive application if.

I can only use a technique or or a a process in one tiny area. I. I lose patience with it really really quickly that creates a total other set of problems. But one of the things.

I want you to understand is that when we combine energetics with the power of hypnosis we can treat the entire enire human being the problem with a lot of energy healing disciplines isn't that they don't work okay. It's that they're marvelously unspecific the vast majority of energy workers who talk to me can't string two sentences together without going into trans there most of them are broke okay. Which is a big problem right. You you need to be doing well by doing good right.

And and. I'm big on that. I want all my students to be very very successful and make freaking money doing the stuff that they love and feeds their spirit they're not mutually exclusive sidebar um the problem is that most energy healing disciplines do not treat the entire human being in my worldview in my world of energetics it's based on hermetic philosophy hermetic principles which if you don't know what that is. I will sidebar that and come back to it.

But think of the human being the human organism as having a physical body an energetic or astral body and a mental body most of your energy healing disciplines from my persp perspective again this is the world according to. David if what. I'm teaching you works for you if it meshes with with your belief systems and and the techniques work embrace it use it if doesn't throw it out and find something that does okay. I mean that from the bottom of my heart my stuff does not resonate with you.

Chuck it okay. The problem is is that most energy healing disciplines only treat the physical and the astral body or the energy body the level of the acupuncture meridians even the ones that tend to that say they go to the chakras which. I have a whole theory on that as well okay. Only the only disciplines.

I have seen that directly. Target the mental body is hypnosis and neural linguistic programming okay. You will not hear me talk about auras in this class okay. Because anytime.

I hear the word. Aura what. I hear is don't know what the they're talking about and. I know that might pissed somebody off and.

I don't. I don't mean to offend you everything. I'm going to explain to you everything. I'm going to share with you you can explain from a purely metaphysical yogic vadic perspective or we can look.

At. Neuroscience. I find that you see everything that we're doing is actually based on the laws of physics okay. So the.

F there okay. I actually have a marker. I'm excited now. So most people when they think of the aura right.

They think of this nebulous. Little. Egg shaped. Cloud around the body that has several layers to it right.

But. I don't think of it that way at all in fact um. I look. At the human nervous system aside from being the world's largest organic antenna okay.

Is also the world's most comprehensive fractal archetypal holographic information processing system on the planet okay. If it's a processing system it has to have have an organizing function how many people have ever noticed that unless they're act somebody's actually lying their hands tend to move when they talk you have noticed that you will after this when you start working with your clients and they start describing their problem how. I go you know. I got this thing and.

I can't get past it right. Or. I got this problem it just keeps woring in my head now how many of you were paying attention to my words how many were we paying attention to this that's where the problem is the human proprioceptive nervous system everybody here ever see. Iron.

Man or uh uh. Marvel. Agents of. Shield or.

Mission. Impossible you know my favorite scenes when they pull up that big virtual reality bubble and they expand these diagrams and they swipe that aside and they move through that and they process sh right. I get into that right. Cuz.

I'm a geek where do you think the inspiration for that came from any ideas not a clue you were at my. Last seminar. I know you cheating everybody remember him he got his leg fixed. Last time.

I. I'll let people come on and tell stories in a minute. I want. I want you to get this okay.

Because if you can really wrap your head around this you can create some powerful changes and the the universe will literally open up its secrets for you this is like the skeleton key to the human nervous system okay. That model that you see in the movies that virtual reality bubble where he's pull making things bigger moving things away you just did that it came from your nervous system human beings inevitably create through technology what the nervous system does organically. As. Above.

So. Below it's a natural law of our universe if you understand the idea of pattern recognition if you understand how to pay attention to the whole human being. Then you'll know exactly where their problem is how big it is and what you need to do to fix it your nervous system treats those pictures that you moved around wrapped around you remember that yeah yeah you can do that yeah okay. Actually the.

First module in every class. I teach that's what you learn to do all right. Your system your nervous system treats those things like solid objects that idea that it's just in your imagination that distinction happens much. Later in the process every piece of information that's being filtered and processed by your nervous system is massage deleted distorted generalized.

But it's treated as absolutely tangible it's not metaphorical your brains your nervous systems are simultaneously an analytical literal and metaphorical okay. I was talking about this in the other class uh the studies of embodied cognition and object relations theory if. I want you people to to be more comfortable around me. I'll give you comfortable chairs to sit in if.

I want you to have more warmth towards me emotionally. I'll give you warm drinks to hold you don't even have to drink them you just got to hold them and the parts of your brain that process physical warmth also process emotional warmth when you see somebody making gestures around their body. I don't want you to see an aura does anybody here know what an. XY grid is if you don't it's okay.

I'm going to explain it in my less than educated version you know what an. XY grid is though right. You've ever seen those graphs right. You have an x- axis and a y- axis right.

It's for charting things on a two-dimensional space when you want to do things in three dimensions though you want to do things in three dimensions you need a z or a z a z plane that lets you chart things in three dimensions. So when you look. At the human body. I don't want you to think about it like a cloud.

I want you to see it more like this each one of those coordinates has a label and a set of experiences that it. Con contains when you see people making gestures as they describe their problem what they're describing for you is the spatial location where that information is stored and the direction the energy is circulating to make it happen the magic isn't in the energy for that energy to affect our nervous system to be utilized by our nervous system it has to be encoded energy is the medium the message is the is what we're worried about what we want to play with and it has to be in a in a language the nervous system can understand makes sense doesn't it one of the parts of that language. NLP did went really really far in helping you get some of the big chunks visual auditory kinesthetic whole. Factory space time movement are also parts of that code an oral medicine we tell you right.

Up front whenever the energy stops flowing or is impeded pain erupts whether that's physical pain or emotional pain it's still pain which means information has stopped growing or it's flowing in the wrong direction anybody here have an ache or an ouchie cool uh you missed come on up yeah. I'll get to you in a minute this fun. So far you guys having fun yes. Hey what's your name.

Aaron. Aaron. I know you don't yes. We met.

Thursday night yes. Aaron you have an ouet yes. What's going on uh my knee hurts your knee hurts is it from an accident or did you just twist it wrong or what happened uh old injury old injury. So it's been going on for a while mhm and have the doctors done all they can for it okay.

So let me ask you a question is there any reason why you might want to keep that no. You sure. I'm certain if a doc if. I were to take it away or if.

I were to show you how to take it away would the doctor get pissed at me no. Would you get pissed me no. Okay. So here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the pain four four excellent close your eyes. Point to where you feel it okay. So as you focus on the sensation what.

I want you to notice is there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression green green excellent reach in grab all that green energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all sometimes that hides you got it all. I don't believe you you got make sure sure just double check see you always find extra now as you look. At it.

I want to ask you a question did the color changer stay the same. First impression got murkier murkier excellent as you look. At that murky energy. I want you to notice something though.

I want you to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spin in that way excellent physically grab it with both of your hands and here's what. I want you to do. I want you to slowly change the direction until it's what you want to feel instead just keep playing with. So you know you've got it when you know you've got it spin it like a wheel in that new.

Direction that's it double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's gone whatever feelings are connected to that knee entry let them come up let them come out that's just the nervous system removing any program that's not in harmony with this new way of being like a snake shedding its skin like an app uninstalling the old software just let it happen don't try to measure it don't try to manage it and when you know it's done and only when you know it's done try to bring the old feeling back notice what happens instead cool what just happen it's not doing the the clicky painy thing oh scale of 0 to 10 none big round of applause for the lady everything we just did. I just taught you the nervous yes. Ma'am what if the pain isn't localized like fgia like spread. Then there's an that's a chronic illness.

I will. I will show you how to deal with that because we've had people do this for for fialin. I. Didn't.

Do. It other people my students have done it yes. Sir yeah when you've done this for fibromyalgia come on up we we'll just handle it right. Now come on up and explain what you did this is kener by the way he's been with met him hit the thch.

Last year he was he's become the bell of the ball all right. So go ahead real quick just explain what you did. I was doing a workshop and you know kind of partner by random. Choice whoever sitting across from is you're now your buddy sh we were at the break and she mentioned she had had fibromy years said well you want to try something cool she did.

So found it what color is it pulled it out reversed it spun it slammed it back in and she's been fine ever since. I spend more time talking to her about her language she's going my fiomia my pain. I'm going no. But just and my.

First impression was. God. I'm good the. Second impression was.

I saw a miracle right. Here that was very humble big round of applause for me it is a humbling experience believe me when you see that change happen that quick. I still tear up when it happens it's it's it's makes you believe in a higher power right. Because this didn't happen by accident this system didn't come into being by accident now.

I don't know who she was that designed it because half my demographic is female all right. But this cannot be random it cannot be random. I don't believe in a random. Universe yes.

Ma'am what happens some they don't have to visualize they just have to pretend they don't don't get hung up on that hole do. I see a picture or not. I don't see pictures. But when.

I start. I just use my process right. I say okay. This.

I feel like where do. I feel it. I feel it right. Here we'll reach in and pull it out and just keep pulling that's the secret you get someone who has intense trauma or really married to their issue just keep pulling keep pulling until you know you've got it all.

I've had people pull for 20 minutes. I've had people pull. So hard they lift themselves out of my chair gagging and dry heaving. But they pull it all out hold it all in your hands yes.

Sir can you uh if the original attempt at pulling it out is not complete you yep you just do it again now when things start to you start to get diminishing effect or you reach a certain point and it stops. Then you start to have to start having to ask different questions now you notice when. I brought uh is it. Erica.

Erin. I'm sorry. I'm a little fried today because. I'm on all kinds of antihistamines because.

I don't deal with smoke very well we can fix we can fix it. I knew one of you was going to get me [Applause] amen brothers and sisters cuz that's what it looked like. Last time. I taught this it looked like a faith healing session they were lining up right.

You want to you want to impress people you want to get people into your into your clinic or or or inspired to see you do this in a. Meetup or free demonstration where you just pull people up out of the audience can you take away yes. Ma'am can this work for yes. It works for everything.

I have not found anything that we've thrown this at that it has not worked to some degree yes. Iain yes. It will and. I chased it and it kept jumping and.

I couldn't on a couple. CES couldn't get rid of it and chances are that there's a reason the nervous system needs to hold on to that. I'm going to show you the workaround for that okay. That's a very very good point there are times when you'll get to a certain point you notice what.

I did with. Aaron was that. I had her actually physically look. At it and point to it and.

Then. I had her rate on a scale of 0 to 10 and you noticed. I. I did something that every pain control hypnotist on the planet tells you not to do what was it.

I said pain why do you think. I wanted why do you think. I did that. I wanted her focused on the pain.

I want every part of her nervous system targeted and focused to that spot your nervous system is designed to be synergistic it is not designed to work in isolation when you have somebody in the chair their body is completely quiescent you are working primarily with their mind you have separated the most powerful change generator he has and our still works okay. Understand that yes. Sir. I appreciate the the pre-t talk stuff you did by asking about the doctors and all the rest of it uh.

So. I'll say from a lay man point of view my understanding is. Pain's there to stop you putting weight on it yes. So is the pre- talk pre talk whenever.

I'm doing pain control work. I. I have a little bit of a different. Niche because.

I am licensed. I'm technically an acupuncturist primary care physician in. California. So.

I can. I can say things like patient without too much trouble uh one of the things. I want to know when somebody comes to me because. I have two chiropractors who refer to me.

I get medical doctors and acupunctur who refer to me um. I just want to know is if. I take this away is that going to be okay. Have the has the medical profession or whatever.

Specialists you're seeing done everything they could have they exhausted those. PR because. Then. I want to work in hand conjunction with them.

I don't build myself as the alternative guy okay. Every modality works as. Scott. Salon is famous for saying we only get we only see people's failures right.

Mark. Cunningham one of my more. Infamous mentors used to say people look. Up a hypnotist because they can't find witch doctor in the phone book.

Right. And and we as a profession often don't help ourselves in that right. You walk into a. Hypno.

Place see. Little. Moons and glow-in-the darkk stars on the ceiling right. Yes.

Sir two two questions what's the significance of the notice the color change when it comes out and you don't do anything more about that that's one question that's a great question. I'll answer ler one is the other methods that use visualization of geometry and color don't generally have spinning that's right. So is that the key component it's one of the biggest ones motion is a major major vowel in the alphabet of the human nervous system this is why when we talk our hands don't sit still oh um is motion a a big part of that process because he. I was talking he was talking about geometric figures he was talking about shapes moving them around.

But the motion was the is the really the. Lynch pin and sematic engagement if you get the body involved in that movement every level of the nervous system engages. So you get an exponential push to the message and that's what we need yes. Ma'am what if is.

Mo make it move make it move you can now. I'm using motion and. I'm using color as the two easiest ones. I've had people use temperature.

I literally had a fact if you can go on. YouTube and find this video. I literally had a guy who had a pain in his foot right. He was an.

Avid surfer. I had him reach out and pull it out and. I go what color is and he wasn't really getting a lot on the color. I says what do you know says says he says it's hot.

I said' really it's hot we'll cool it off he goes how you figure it out he goes and he blew on it for two minutes and it cooled off and the pain went and he put it back in and the pain went away just spin it he didn't want he didn't need to spin it his his driver was temperature yeah what about when they pull it out there's a what's the sign when they say the color's different you were going to answer that one yes. But. I'm not going to answer it now okay. Got you yes.

To clarify this is regarding pain or anything anything well how do you you mentioned you do a. DNA resetting. DNA. F healing yeah what if someone has an actual you know congenit or technically a.

DNA that maybe. C to have respiratory infection or something autoimmune does this only work on the sequ from it or can you actually just go ahead and use this to reprogram some of the things. I have. I haven't hit everything yet um.

But we're starting to um we have had actually some success with genetic stuff. Asbergers some autism stuff we've actually seen some significant changes utilizing this process. I think. I have worked with uhu.

I've worked with some asthma people. I. I. I wouldn't say that's that's congenital.

I don't the deer is still out on it yeah. I've worked with lupus it seems to help a lot um yes. I noticed you made the the preframe. Assumption of how is it moving he didn't ask meth yeah absolutely absolutely right.

Because remember something your job as a hypnotist is to manage perception you want that mind and that nervous system doing what you want it to do in their way you understand what. I'm saying it's. I would get a much different effect if. I were to say it's it's moving it's moving this way no.

And make it do this. I'm going to get a much different level of effect okay. Your job in this process is to synchronize with their nervous system which we haven't we don't have time if. I.

I'd have to spend a couple hours just letting you do that. But you don't need it to get the level of change that we're going to play with today okay. But as you get more and more into this things that we teach the systems that we teach. I'll show you how to do those things.

I did some of it yesterday in our class when we did. State control stuff yes. Ma' people use this on themselves yes. I do it all the time in fact.

I will tell you remind me. Later. I'll tell you a story about how. I.

I. I actually healed myself from a slip disc yes. Ma'am. So what did you say when you slam it back into body hear it you said something yes.

Um can you can you come up here for now we'll walk through the process okay. Yeah you don't have to have the glasses on okay. Okay. Um.

First and foremost do you have something you want to change. I'm get a little pain in that knee a little pain in that knee all right. So on a scale of zero. First of all look.

At it point to it on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of the pain m 30 okay. Uh close your eyes. Look. At the uh look.

At the sensation as you look. At the sensation. I want you to notice there's a color connected to it what's that color. First impression red red reach in grab all that energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides make sure you get it all because sometimes that hides double check perfect you get it all you sure double check yeah okay.

Did the color change or stay the same. First impression same excellent as you look. At it. I want you to notice it's moving in a certain direction what direction is it moving.

First impression it's going this way physically grab it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was turn it. So it's moving the opposite of what it was now physically double it spin it like a wheel double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice this going it is it really is big round of applause for the lady come back up here we're not done with you yet not done with you yet quick question yes. Yeah um. So.

I'm doing this on myself. I noticed that did take me person what do. I do to myself same thing do exactly the same thing as if you were the patient now what we did here remember if you can point to it in your body you have everything you need to change it and. I don't care if it's a.

I have five documented cases of curing a broken heart including a. PhD professor in personal transpersonal psychology okay. The the nervous system doesn't care if it's a physical pain or an emotional pain the nervous system does not care when you're interacting at this level of the nervous system everything you're doing is just data telling the nervous system what to express what reality is you understand what. I'm saying when you're working at this level you're controlling every aspect of their reality anybody here familiar with the aon's depth scale any hypnotist in the room right.

People wonder is this really hypnosis no. Or maybe yes. Is it energy no. It's everything your nervous system is the most powerful.

Quantum information processing system on the planet and everything that you think is reality isn't it's just an interpretation of data understand this at a very very profound level the nervous system doesn't care if that sensation she had in her knee was caused by a motorcycle accident or repressed fear at the level we're interacting with it's just data the nervous system doesn't make a what's good what's bad you understand okay. I'm going to make it very simple yes. Sir. So the.

First statement you made almost in in the class was the nervous system requires repetition to learn. But you're doing it all boom one thing. So where's the repetition very good question you're asking really good questions question. I know okay.

I'm sorry do. I need to should. I turn the microphone on. I'm going to blame you guys repeat his question okay.

Okay. He's asking oh. I don't know more powerful than. I thought okay.

Um you can have a seat for just a moment um this question was what was your question again the. First thing you said in the class was the nervous system require where was the repetition the repetition isn't my part repetition is hers and. I have a sneaky hypnotist way to activate everyone's convincer strategy double the spin double the speed keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and it's going back the way it was and when you know you've got it some you know what we're just going to have to keep it loud because yeah okay. We'll see how long that lasts and keep ding it until it takes on a life of its own that's the convincer strategy activator right.

There. I don't have to say spin it seven times because your convincer strategy is seven times no. It's a it's a convincer on multiple levels yes. Ma'am.

So you it out is it the way it's alreadying that depends on what you want to do with it if it's something you want more of notice the direction it's moving since it's something you want more of double the spin the direction it's already moving if it's something you want less of you have two choices and. I'll go back and forth between them. I'll either make it the opposite of what it was phonetic ambiguity. Right.

Double the spin in the. New. Direction double the speed double the force double ude or like. I did with.

Aaron contrast to what. I did with this young lady notice that that direction makes it feel a certain way keep changing the. Direction until it's what you want to feel instead and what does she do was she absorbed in that process amen sister and brother most of what. I do is about facilitating absorption in the process yes.

Two questions for. First one is respect to spinning it's a some modality. I've not seen used before idea motion you just pick up on that start using that because results it uh. I got that entire process downloaded to me 2005 during a break at.

Jerry. K's hypnotherapy training who. Jerry. K.

I didn't learn it from. Jerry. I just happened to be there um and it's interesting because there's a couple of bigname trainers out there who do spinning like. Richard bentler's neuro hypnotic repatterning uh even.

Scott way back in the day did some things with spinning. I did not learn those things through them this came to me and. Then. I went to their trainings much much.

Later in fact. I 2005 is when. I got this technique. I didn't actually go to neuro hypnotic repatterning until 2013.

I didn't know what. I had. I'll tell that story. But.

I want to really get the practice thing going yes. Ma'am can we do it no. This ma'am lady behind me um how about for acute injury at the time of yes. I have a.

I've done it on many different types of acute injury. I have an emergency room physician. I don't know if. I should say his name.

Dr. Bill in. San. Diego he's a post-t trauma treatment care phys physician he came to my real world hypnotherapy training and he had been using this particular spin technique intermittently i t.

I did it to him his headache went away he was blown away he went back uh to the treatment room and a few days. Later he started using it on eight time eight nine times a day out anybody that came in everything from kidney stones to a guy with motorcycle accident had a bone sticking out and a guy was screaming for morphine and medication he walked up to the guy did the spin he went completely. St stable no. Pain at all okay.

Acute injury yeah it works if you can get them to follow the instruction which is always going to be the challenge there's only two reasons people don't do what you want them to do they don't want to or they don't want to the question is why don't they want to is it because they don't understand or because they're afraid secondary secondary game yes. I did he he walked all like this he walked out like this. I don't say. I cured him because.

I don't think. I did. But what. I did do is reroute a lot of messaging in his brain and in his nervous system and.

Then. I started doing more aggressive work to start to bring other things back online hold on this lady had a question she's been waiting patiently yes. So do you ever do it for someone else remotely through. Skype just sending the energy or doing it no.

No. I do mostly through. Skype most hold on um this lady yes. What's theic of the touch you don't touch until depends.

I. I. I've done it both ways um. I find if you haven't been through my state control training touch is a good way to really really amplify this process remember one of the big factors that.

I haven't really expounded on as much as. I would like and. I can't emphasize it enough is a concept. I call semantic engagement you got got to get their meat suit involved you got to get them acting these things out you got to get your body involved was.

I calm and sedate and monotone no. Hell no. I'm adding my amplitude to hers and it's creating a push to the signal that engages every level of the human nervous system from the proprioceptive all the way to the. Paran the autonomic parasympathetic everything gets engaged yes.

Isn't there a risk that if you take away the. Then people won't get treated because often pain particular feeling can just be a symptom almost always in my world pain is almost always a symptom if you take it away isn't there a risk that people are not going to well that's why you have to do your due diligence as a therapist and make sure that you know you set the parameters for what you've done why you've done it and make sure that they follow up with the people that they're supposed to follow up with right. That's that doesn't just because this is a quick powerful technique and you can do really amazing things with it doesn't mean you should neglect your your responsibilities as a. Healer as a therapist yes.

Why are we assuming we're just taking away pain. I wouldn't. I would. I wouldn't um matter of fact.

I've one of the very. First times. I had to use this was not about pain it was about terminal cancer that's a story in another itself yes. Ma'am.

First of all if you can repeat the questions it would really be okay. So she was asking uh if we're taking the pain away uh how are we going to make sure and. I'm paraphrasing how are we going to make sure that they're going to continue to seek treatment is that basically right. And there's only.

So much we can do right. That's why. I make sure when people come in from my intake. I make sure.

I want to know where they've been. I want to know who they've tried what the doctor saying you'll hear me ask that same question. I asked. Aon what would the doctor say if.

I took. This away right. And you'll see go by the way if you get a fear response when you ask if it's okay. To take away you know you got some kind of secondary gain issue right.

There yes. Also um is this. Tech with people they need your your enthi not at all. I've had many people do this to themselves.

I recommend if you're going to do this on yourself do it on about 10 or 15 other people. First. So you really have internalized the process. Then you can just start having fun with it yes.

I'll be right. Suffering. I have an interesting. I have an interesting speech on pain and suffering pain is transient pain is that discomfort you go through on the way to change make sense right.

You go engage in a change the pain happens it's done and you're different suffering is what you incur is the pain you incur when you run away from the thing you need to change. So in that case yes. There is a difference between pain and suffering the suffering is a choice most of the time okay. Yes.

Ma'am right. There mentioned about see a fa response and is there something you do to change it absolutely that m i do there's a bunch of things that. I do. I'm going to show you some after we practice this okay.

Last question. So we're talking about removing the pain and everything. But is there a process of this to help heal the issue like. I have a bad shoulder take away pain great.

But is there something in this also going toing. I'm going to be up front with you. I don't know. I've had.

CA. I've had evidence for both. I've had people do stuff with shoulders it never comes back they're better than ever and. Then.

I've had people that you know they look. At the. MRI and there's nothing really changed. But the sensation is completely different and.

I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to actually wax or a theory. Oriental medical.

Theory to kind of explain what. I believe is happening um one. I believe that in in. Oriental medicine we have this thing called.

Y and yangang or yin and yang depending on what part of the world from all right. The. Y components are are energy they their um function right. So if.

I if. I if. I have a y deficiency. I'll be weak.

But. I may not actually have a structural defect going on does that make sense uh you need the yin component as a vessel for the. Yan component to activate your. Yin components are go to your structure your muscles your blood the things that are actually solid my belief and we and this technique is.

So new that we haven't had enough research on finding out how just how pervasive it is. I'll give you some anecdotal stuff that tends to lead to uh it could be taken either way. But what my belief is that when you reactivate the information level you restore the. Y component.

First you will restore function. First okay. And. I believe that over time because.

Yin is much slower body takes much slower to manifest from an energetic. Foundation that's 5,000 years of. Chinese medicine. I believe over time with the right.

Building blocks. I believe that the the. Y component will restore itself now to that. I have taken people who had a i rate girlfriend stabbed them in the hand and for eight years afterwards that hand was completely numb and.

I tested did that cuz he was one of my. Martial. Arts students and. I would go to crank on his pressure points in that hand he would look.

At me he came to my. Mastermind meeting one time where we were doing secrets of personal transformation. I taught him how to do this spin. I didn't know anything about his hand at the time he went home did the spinning technique on his own hand and the feeling came back after eight years now you guys want.

I will send you that field report because he posted it on. Facebook. Okay. Yes.

Ma'am sir. So. U. So my.

Last question. I did back when want to get this because it's important to me back when you did the healing on me. Last year come on up here. So they can hear you.

Last year. I had a thing happened where. I couldn't walk. I had something happened to my calf and.

I was limping and and you did the technique on me and. I was able to walk for the rest of the event with no. Pain when. I got home my whole leg was all bloodshot and it took.

A lot of repair. But. I feel personally from my experience that it was not just your energy. But there was like 200 people in the room.

I felt like it was an accumulation of the total energy in the room plus your energy which is why. I asked about that wish thing that also was part of the component that made it instantaneous for me does that seem real to you uh. I've done this one-on-one with people and had the same level of effect. So it can happen.

But it's not something that was intentional it might be something that was circumstantial. But you know if that's if that helps you. Then great utilize that. But you don't need a room of 150 people oh.

I've done it without the. But. I mean. I thought on that one occasion.

I think if you understand how to move energetics and to create entrainment with all the energy systems in the room. Then you can actually lead that energy and utilize it. But most that falls out most outside of most people's pay. Graves okay.

I thank all right. Those things are possible okay. Good speakers do it kind of unconsciously um. But as you learn about.

Advanced report skills and things like that there's a lot of things that that you can do. So come back up let's go through this shall we the. First thing you want to do is you always want to make sure that they have you have compliance remember she doesn't have to believe anything about this in fact. I don't mention hypnosis when.

I do this. I just say you want to feel better have you been a little kid huh right. So what. I did here is.

I had her point to where she felt it she reached down she touched your knee. Then. I had her look. At it.

I've just matched the internal and the external the semantic and the visual. I've activated different cortexes of the brain understand that. I said pain which means wherever the pain is her her mind is going right. Absorption and focus you want to activate as many different segments of the nervous system as possible you don't have to know all this just do it it'll happen right.

This is the most userfriendly technique on the planet right. Um. Point toward you close your eyes. Now look.

At it with your inner eyes. Key word notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression soon as she gives you a color perfect reach in grab all that. X color you don't have to say energy just reach in grab all that.

X color take it out and hold it in your hand make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides being a technical term secret human influence. Technologies as you look. At it got it all always when. I doubt make them go back and look.

Okay. Did the color change or stay the same. First impression always. First impression notice it's moving by the way whatever color they say if it changed great if it didn't change perfect.

I know it's not right. Right. Oops more. I'm going to.

I'm going to look. So funny on. YouTube all this what the hell okay. Oh did it [Music] fall sorry all the people who buy the audio from this are going to go from.

Hypno. Thoughts are going to go what's he doing it's because you got to buy the good one from me okay. So whatever col whatever color it is did it stay the same did it change perfect notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning. First impression they're going to give you a direction what direction was your spinning going forward perfect grab it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was by the way what did.

I do. I made it the opposite too didn't. I what do you think. I just did neurologically mirror neurons.

I'm standing in her propri acceptive grid our energies are communicating. Pro preconsciously everything that. I do with my body her neurons are going to repeat preconsciously get it this cannot happen whether they know they've done it consciously or unconsciously they've already done it this is what. I mean this is not just there's a lot under the hood okay.

Once you got it double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again and this is what you'll see even the people who are tentative you you go and the thing will start to automate all right. Keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot wherever part they slam into if. I can get to it. I'll get to it if not.

I'll work the conception vessel and the governing vessel and. I'll go notice the change notice that gone now the nervous system almost it never expects way and. So it's in it's fully immersed in this process. Then all of a sudden something comes from out of nowhere holy something really did happen the fact that.

I'm swiping energy up the conception vessel and up the governing vessel and rushing energy into the nervous system may have something to do with it too notice the change notice it's gone or notice it's getting better depending on where you want to go yes. Ma'am yep. I've used this on everything from uh. I've cured uh flying phobia in 90 seconds um to the point where he forgot he was even afraid of it um.

I've cured social anxiety. I've cured limiting beliefs many times limiting beliefs are more than one belief though and you have to be a little bit more of a detective to find out really where is the problem right. But if it's about a feeling if he can point or she can point to where they feel it you have all the information you need to start changing it yes. Ma'am.

So can you show us the sure sure come on over here. I'm going to swish you again. So what. I do and again.

A lot of times when they when when when you're dealing with emotional stuff especially. I'm bent down do you get me coming up. I can get you. I can get you here.

I can get you here. So. I'll come up and. Then you're touching.

MH and. I'm move. I'm rushing energy up rushing energy down right. So.

I'm. I'm active. I'm working with every level of the nervous system okay. These are again we could add more bells and whistles we can get minute it does you don't need it you can get ugly with this yes.

I just had one question if it was um a tumor let's see in her knee and you take it in out and. SP it would you really and would you want to put that back in yes. You would yes. Because it's the pain it's not really the tumor the pain is just a symptom question if if if it's a tumor and you take it out and you spin it do you want to put it back in the answer is yes.

In my experience you can do it either way it almost always works better when you put it back in yes. No. It's not a necessity you don't have to do it. But remember the more things we add into this the more of the nervous system we.

Engage. The more powerful the result will get faster who had a question yes. So. Last year it took.

This same class you did this demonstration you didn't do who you did. I'm going to smooth out your aura. So youve changed it a little bit. MH and why is that cuz.

I forgot no. The truth is is that um. I try to. I try to tailor the jargon that.

I use to the audience. I'm with does that make sense uh and sometimes because. I knew. I.

I was dealing with people who were primarily coming from that metaphysical side of things and they don't had a lot they didn't have a lot of the. Neuroscience of the jargon and stuff. I try to keep more with that language because you can relate to that better than when. I say your propri receptive.

Grid or creating a sematic bridge right. Or mirror neurons very few people leing in that room at the time knew what knew about mirror neurons much less what you could do with them right. So that's most likely why. I'm doing what.

I'm doing plus. I've come a long way in what. I've learned and how. I teach this particular process because you know we launch we touched off a firestorm with this thing this thing is like changing lives all over the world it's just amazing to me yes.

So could you anyone issue the physical pain could be somewhere else the emotional component how they feel about it is somewhere like a lineage component. I can there's a lot of things. I can do once you have once you prove to me you have the basic technique okay. Hint yes.

So just a quick question person has multiple points of pain can you address them all at one time yes. And how just quickly how the verbage would be there's a place where all of those feelings intersect where they all meet where they all come from point to where your feeling is. First impression okay. But.

I wouldn't don't do it. I wouldn't do it that way. I have done it that way a year after that. I wouldn't do it that way.

I would do something a little different okay. So here's what we are going to do you're going to pick some things that you want to change you're going to use what. I call um. The.

Bucket. List technique which means you take the biggest nastiest most horrible things or challenging things in your life the things you that cause you the most pain and suffering you assign a value of 10 to it cut that in half find every event or experience in your life that has half of that intensity rated five cut it in half again there's your two and half or three all the way down. So you have a nice neat categorization of emotional intensity from zero to 10 follow me you are to start with the zeros find things in your mind or by thank you give her a big round of applause you are to find things in your mind or body that have an emotional intensity of 0 to three or one to three in this case okay. You are to do this technique at minimum of three times at that intensity level before you're allowed to step it up got it my my training protocol is called the 3X3 rule three different times three different people as the subject as the hypnotist or operator to me three is the magic number you don't own anything until you've done it at least three times one of my biggest biggest pet teams with a lot of tra you go to a lecture they show they demo the technique you break up you do the technique once say the subject once says the operator you're back to the.

Next training you're back to the. Next technique well yeah you had enough of a taste you don't own anything okay. This is how. I train when.

I do my five days my seven days we do more. Hands-On than anyone in the industry which is why my people on their way home cure people from in the airport cure soldiers of post-traumatic stress. Amazing. Story her name was.

Pam there was this uh. Soldier he was having a major meltdown in the middle of an airport she had just come from the 5 when we'd learned the spinning technique she walked up to him she said point to where you feel it you know what point to where you feel it he pointed to where she felt it where he felt it to take it out boom went away everything was he was back to completely normal he spent the rest of the flight following her around when yeah when when they parted he gave her his wounded warrior jacket not me you go practice you can clap it's [Applause] okay. 10 minutes all right. Ladies and gentlemen they have given me 10 minutes to answer every single question in the universe about how this works probably not going to happen all right.

So. I'm going to tell you we have a whole bunch of stuff coming up uh all right. Everybody find your chairs those of you handing out my favors thank you. I will give you extra stuff somehow some way what was the question ma'am.

I wanted you to talk about jumping from one place to the other okay. When something is jumping it's almost always indicative a of an initial sensitizing event and self-preservation what do. I mean by that um yeah when when when the pain or the sensation is jumping all over the body what do you do with that well you can you can in fact follow it everywhere it goes you could just keep running. But there's a more direct way to deal with that and and understand what it actually means and what it means is that there's a reason why the nervous system doesn't want to let it go okay.

You can call it secondary gain if you like uh. I. I don't use that term as much anymore uh remember the prime one of the. Prime directives of the nervous system you'll hear me use that a lot more than.

I will use unconscious mind okay. Because. I'm working with the nervous system and that's everything. I'm not bypassing the critical.

Factor. I'm using it. I'm using it when. I have you look.

At your image and you analyze it you start noticing the direction that's analysis that's your critical faculty as. Mike. Mandel would say right. Right.

Yes. Ma'am you said you were going to tell us what it means when it changes. I am okay. Sorry it means nothing didn't the secret behind a lot of the questions that.

I ask is it's designed to facilitate and amplify absorption. Within in the construct we've created remember. I just said. I'm using the critical faculty well when.

I have you asking if the color changed or is the same what do you have to do to make that happen look. You got to look. At it in order to look. At it you got to create it right.

And. Then within that imaginary construct you're inside analyzing it you're engaging in analytical processes within an imag inary construct which isn't imaginary by the way it's symbolic. But it is vibrational get it. I'm using all of the nervous system now a couple of things can happen when you do this now there was a lot of linguistic stuff.

I was doing that. I do not have a chance to elaborate on. So. I promise you this tomorrow.

I am doing a breakout called instant conversational hypnosis for those of you who care and who want to. I will break down all of the. Linguistics of this technique tomorrow. So that you can nail it what time is it what time uh you have to look.

At your your app if you haven't gotten the event. Board app get it right. Um you'll notice my some of my assistants have handed out a brochure. I do not have the time in this breakout to go through that.

But if you will follow me to the hpti booth in the vendor area. I will explain it to you actually. I may not be able to explain it to you. I have another event don't.

I. I'm going to. Hidden. Laws of.

Attraction. Next. So if you will follow me to. Hidden.

Laws of. Attraction we'll we'll actually take this stuff on a meta level. But let me finish this when you have things that are either chronic or they reach a certain point they started at seven or eight they get down to like a two and. Then they just kind of stop or they go when they come back it's almost always indicative of something the nervous system is trying to preserve now when the nervous system creates a complex and when.

I say a complex it's a. Gestalt it's visuals auditories kinesthetics it's implicit lessons it's derived lessons it's all this stuff in one big soup that the in that the nervous system can't it it can't differentiate the baby from the bath water in that particular instance. So you have to give it a separate process to do that the process that you is called. The.

Magic. Frame the magic frame is a video it's on my. YouTube channel. I've used it several times it consists of of this you do a sematic bridge you create the feeling the picture remember we did this.

I'm cheating you haven't put a big thick black frame around it okay. At the bottom of the frame dials knobs and switches. One controls the. Volume.

One controls the contrast. One controls the brightness. One controls the vertical hole you have white the image out notice how it feels turn it all the way to the left black the image out notice how it feels ask them which one they like better. Then using their dominant hand you have them write the lessons across the screen.

So that they can keep the lesson and let the rest go and you have them just keep writing and when you know you've got it all shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp what's it called what magic magic frame have shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp move it up over the top of their head and all the way behind them and. Then. I say you know the sound a nail gun makes or a bank ball makes when it slam shut nail it back there when you know it's done try to bring it back notice what happens instead that's the secret okay. So you shrink it down move it up over their head all the way into the past nail it back there some way using a fixation metaphor a bank bolt slamming a nail.

Staples right. Anything that impli any metaphor that implies permanence and fixation get it remember your nervous system is literal analogical and metaphorical all at the same time use all of it thank you for coming [Applause].
