Title: Hypnosis EXPOSED: The Truth About Trance, Control &amp; Mental Influence
File Name: kf-w_Mbxzmk.txt
Video Id: kf-w_Mbxzmk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kf-w_Mbxzmk

Couple of things. Politically. Incorrect language profanity the word boobies or colorful metaphors offends you get the out now your refunds in the mail all right. Um um.

I'm. I. I like to have fun. I like to be playful you're going to discover that that is a source of power in this work even when you're dealing with very very deep level trauma there is tremendous tremendous power and the ability to be playful and to stop taking yourself way too freaking serious all right.

I can't stress that enough. So. I'm a no. BS kind of guy.

I like to have fun if. I am not bagging on you it's because. I don't like you just teasing well. I'm not actually.

But um. But uh. But again at the end of the day you're my family and. I'm.

G to take care of you any way. I can right. So that's my job. But we're we're gonna we're just going to jump right.

In um how many people by show pant again are have some form of of clinical or hypnotherapeutic training raise your hands okay. Well at the risk of boring you which probably isn't going to happen. But uh we're going to start from ground one okay. The.

First myth about hypnosis is that it's hard and and. I can't stress this enough that the myth that hypnosis is hard is is okay. If you're a human being with a pulse hypnosis is just what you do it's the sum total of your life now we're going to come we're going to we're going to talk about the idea of what hypnosis is to the outside world what it is to the hypnosis industry and what it means in here okay. Because depending on who you're talking to you have to you have to understand their.

Paradigm because if you're not willing to step out of your. Paradigm to embrace theirs you'll never lead them out of it you understand that. I'm going to teach you the passcode to the human nervous system and. I've said it in many videos and.

I'll say it over and over again the passcode to the human nervous system are the words that just came out of that person's mouth okay. That's the bump key that gets you into their system it's what you do once you're inside of it that's important getting people into hypnosis this is easy this the uh the traditional definition of hypnosis and by the way um don't worry about too much about taking these notes they're on video okay. Um the defin the classical and they're also in your manual by the way the classical definition of hypnosis that we utilize is the bypass of the critical faculty of the conscious mind and the establishment of acceptable selective thinking now if we take the word hypnosis out of the picture the bypass of the critical faculty of the conscious mind and the establishment of acceptable selective thinking when we think about a human experience as a whole as opposed to the dut itself. But the whole right.

You'll get that in a minute oh you're too serious already am. I going to have to do my patented anti-s serious remove the hypnotic. Pole from your butt process all right. Um think about it for a moment how many things in your life have the ability when we say bypass the critical faculty what do we actually mean we mean that in that moment we get you to suspend your disbelief we get you to stop analyzing rationalizing or criticizing right.

And once we've done that we create within you a different way of thinking that's functionally what it means right. Now if we apply that definition outside of hypnosis to the world in general are there is there any phenomena out in the world that has that same set of characteristics movies. Okay. Can movies do that yeah what else concerts music concerts okay.

Video games video games commercial commercials ad advertising focus focus meditation magin magazines reading reading let me ask you a question here's a better one is there anything that doesn't do that exactly. Richard bandler and. John grinder used to go back and forth and say everything is hypnosis and the other one would say that's there's no. Such thing as hypnosis and the reason is is because both are true the sum total of.

Human. Experience is inherently hypnotic human beings are like fish in water they're inevitably swimming from one trans state to another and they do it. So fluidly and. So seamlessly that they never realize it's happening right.

So if if hypnosis is the bypass of the critical faculty and the establishment of acceptable selective thinking which is just another way of saying trance. I guess we need to. Define trans don't we at least functionally and here's how it works trans has two basic components it has a level of absorption remind me to get better markers combined with a certain level of focus this com this combined level of absorption and focus gives with comes with it the ability to access resources certain resources. I should say while cutting off access to others right.

Regardless of what. Trans. State you are in these things are going to be true you're going to have some level of absorption some level of focus you're going to be be able to access certain resources and you're not going to be able to access others right. That's trance when you have absorption the combination of absorption and focus gives us what classically trained hypnotists call depth of.

Trance depth of. Trance is a continually narrow narrowing focus of attention while being completely absorbed in a process now when. I talk about these things people think they know what the hell. I'm talking about.

But they don't because really what we need to understand is the experience of it. So quick question how many people here have ever been little children okay. By the way this means. I know the answer this means.

I don't this means oh. I hope he doesn't call on me right. This means yes. This means no.

There will be a test right. Okay. When you were little children how many people here played pretend as little children oh good and. Mr.

Robson when you played pretend what was your favorite thing to play pretend at. I actually don't remember all right. Diana what did you play pretend that um. I would be some kind of monster some kind of monster havoc in the world wreaking havoc in the world very cool.

I like her already. Godzilla. Matrix not to. Brian what did you play pretend at.

I was a fighter pilot fighter pilot very cool. Sonia what or. Sophia what did you play pretend that ah we'll fix that too. Robert what did you play pretend that soldier soldier how many soldiers we got in a room all right.

How many girly girls how many. Tom boys yay tomboy how many. Tom girls that's in. San.

Francisco. Anyway all right. Here's my point though whether you were a girly girl tomboy. Tom girl whatever when you're out in your backyard you're four years old 5 years old you're playing pretend whether you're playing soldier or teacups or.

Monster right. Pick up a toy or a stick in the backyard right. And you know when you pick up that stick it's just a stick at least for the. First 5 minutes 6 and 1 12 minutes.

Later it's really an. M60 you're really. Rambo and there's really bad behind the tree right. Or you're playing.

Monster and you're destroying. Tokyo right. And you're squashing people who are running away well that's just me sorry right. Or you're talking and having playing teacups with your teddy or playing doctor or whatever and you're having conversations with your.

Barbie dolls dishing on wise. Skippers running around on behind. Barbie's back with. Ken and all that other they're talking to each other right.

You're hearing their voices in your head you hear the conversations going back and forth true not true true let me ask you a question were you asleep no. You were having conversations in your head people weren't there we need to up your meds were you having a ball were you absorbed in what you were doing were you focused ladies and gentlemen that's what we need if you can be as little children and follow instructions you can make any change that you want even if it's healing illnesses okay. How many people have. I taken something away from really freaking fast raise your hands how many people have.

I taken stuff away from really fast like pains or whatever right. Right. Okay. If not.

I will zap you before the end of the week right. The system is amazing. But because of the way we've been trained to look. At the mind and the body we see things in isolation we we understand the body in terms of the conscious mind or the unconscious mind the body or the energy we think either either or even though we preach holistic.

But that's not how the system works it's not how it was designed the system the human nervous system is the world's largest most powerful in holographic fractal information processing system ever devised short of the universe itself okay. We're going to talk about. I'm going to introduce you to holographic memory holographic memory. Theory this week it's something.

I've never taught uh in any training um and it's something. I've been using clinically now for probably about well. I've been experimenting with it testing it clinically now for about two and a half months and uh it's really cool and it's hand in glove with everything. I've been teaching for the.

Last 10 years it just adds more. Dimension and more depth and it kind of unifies things in a different way also makes your stuff a lot faster. So trance definition of. Trance classically outside and we talked to uh profession in the industry the bypass of the critical faculty the establishment of acceptable selective thinking right.

In terms of functional definitions hypnosis in this particular room is anything that takes you from the state you're in and puts you in a different one it's a process hypnosis is a word that implies a transition from one state to another that's it if. I take if. I tell you remember remember when you were little kids and you went back and remember the time when you played pretend. I just hypnotized your ass that's called age reg regression right.

Here's another thing we need to op we need to to remember functionally anything that relies on. Trans in order to manifest must cause the trance in order for it to manifest. So when. I say uh pretend in order to pretend what do you have to do you have to imagine the trance is implicit in the process can't not happen.

So functionally the same mechanisms that we use in deep level hypnosis are the exact same ones you're using when you are pretending. So when in doubt pretend and it will work come on in do we have do. I need to take a break no. I oh it's all right.

Um well we've been going for about 40 minutes 45 minutes roughly you guys need a break no. They want to get started give us another 15 or 20 minutes and. Then we'll go ahead and give them a break all right. All right.

So the. First thing is is remember that you're never not in trance your problem won't be won't be hypnotizing people your problem will not be hypnotizing people trust me your problem will be getting them out getting them out of the transes they're in which are largely unuseful and putting them into something that is more useful this course is about teaching you to become progressively more self-aware because as you become more self-aware within your own environment you'll begin to understand the. Dynamics of the people you're dealing with because processes and patterns will begin to appear much of the discoveries. I've made um are based on on pattern recognition rather than.

Theory and that's the problem is when we have too much. Theory we start trying to make the world fit and and we start dissecting the reality or the information that we're getting. So that we only pay attention to the things that support the theory which is why. I don't give you a lot we start rolling up our sleeves we start having experiences and we start observing what happens does that make sense okay.

Now in classical hypnosis they have what is commonly referred to as depth of. Trance depth of. Trance if you and it's actually in your manuals um. I.

I forget what page it's on uh and. I'll probably butcher it as. I try to do it for memory even though. I've taught it a gazillion times traditionally there are six levels of trance and five yeah bottom of five bottom of page five okay.

So if you can go to your manuals you can look. At it and. I'll. I'll look.

At it too someone give me their manual. So. I can get it right. So if the uh.

So when they oh there a spare one okay. Cool thank you sir page five yeah this is one of the few pages in this book. That. I actually use now don't get me wrong everything in this book.

Is solid hardcore nuts and bolts will work hypnosis it's just clunky compared to what we're doing right. My job. I have a very low boredom threshold and. I'm really impatient um.

So my stuff tends to work really really fast and it tends to be idiot proof right. You'll find that the more time you have to spend looking at a sheet of instructions the less effective you'll become you it literally sets up firewalls between your nervous system and the nervous system of the subject and a lot of the processes and the work that we do is based on a vibrational neurological energetic connection with that human nervous system that causes it to entrain and follow what we do within our system okay. It's hidden in. PL sight and and we that is also.

State control that's actually the foundation of what we do with. State. Control it's a little esoteric at least it sounds that way until you start to experience it. But it's part and parcel of.

The. Human. Experience. So we talk about levels of.

Trance um where's my eron's depth scale you know you'd think. I would just pull it out and have it as a handout by now. I know it's in here the aon's depth scale is really we're talking about and classically if you damn. I really got to get better markers uh 66 has depth tting on it is the dep scale on there catalepsy that's actually the that'll work too okay.

Yep if you go to your page um 86 86 you'll see depth testing and that is actually the. Aaron's depth scale um. So actually. I'll just use the one you gave me corre 36 36.

So either one is fine uh you go to 36 or 68. I don't really care as long as you can read the different levels now um. I'm going to read them to you we're going to talk about them and. Then.

I'm going to tell you to throw it out yet again he's with us again god um and the reason is. So. I catalyse let me let's use page the the one you have cuz that one. I don't think has it this is 36 that's 86 all right.

Let me use this one 36 again yeah okay. So let me just use your book. So. I don't have to go bumming through my thing.

So level one is what we call. I catalepsy or a hypnogogic state level two is what we call arm and hand catalepsy or small muscle group three all muscles h no. Wonder. I always skipped that one this is also where it becomes possible to create what we call aasia which is the inability to remember or say a number okay.

Not necessarily to to forget the number. But just create an inability to say it right. Um after that you'll get into level four which includes all of the above and the following. Amnesia analgesia and automatic writing.

So. Amnesia and algesia automatic writing from five questions on this good from here you'll get into what we call level five trans phenomena which is called positive hallucination now positive. Hallucination is where we see something that isn't there. Aon what color is the flower.

I'm holding in my hand. First impression yellow yellow what color flower is it dandel dandelion there's no. Flower there. So much for level 1 2 3 and four it's kind of weird yeah it's that fast here's the thing you like that didn't you that's.

State control that's what happens when you can control your state the trans happens all right. Positive. Hallucination is seeing something that's not there period right. Negative.

Hallucination is level six trans phenomena and that is not seeing something that was there or is there you'll see this most commonly demonstrated in uh stage hypnosis shows where uh people will make somebody disappear in a chair and they'll try to get somebody else to sit in it or or some actually get the person to not see somebody sitting in a chair and get them to try to sit in the chair and do all these weird things um or a lot of times like. Mike dubet used to have this voodoo doll skit he would do where he would make himself invisible. But hold this. Chucky doll and he would chase people around the stage with the.

Chucky doll and they would just see this. Chucky doll floating in space right. Mike debay is probably one of the best the best. Stage hypnotists.

I. I. I train with. Mike to learn stage.

I don't actually. I do what. I call. Therapeutic stage hypnosis.

I just zap the audience make them feel better now here's the challenge with it these are all legitimate hypnotic phenomena here's the problem with the aon's depth scale is that the way it was designed or the way they they came about with it and the way they expressed it in the literature implies that order to get to level four you. First have to go through level three to get to level three you. First have to go to level two it is not true human beings seamlessly and and very very readily go from one strand state to another all the time you just have to be congruent with it right. If your state is congruent.

Then their beliefs in what and their. F their um their buyin as. I like to call it will be congruent now here's the thing. I want you to understand a lot of the processes that you are going to be learning do not require belief on the part of your subject what they require is [Music] compliance as a hypnotist especially a real.

World hypnotist it is not important what your client believes it's vitally important what you believe as a hypnotist. But your clients do not have to believe any of this they just have to not actively fight against it right. Which is kind of shouldn't be in your chair. Anyway if that's the case all they have to do is do what you say and they'll get the change you understand that if belief in my world if if success with my clients in my clinic the belief was required.

I'd have an 80% failure rate instead of a 90% success rate because by and large the people who come in don't believe they can be fixed and they're not really broken. But they think they are right. You guys we talk about uh trauma. Theory which again this seems to be a aside from the world domination part there seems to be a strong interest in in trauma release in this particular class uh you're going to find out that the system is actually when people are experienc ing those broken feelings it's because the system's actually working the system's actually doing what it's supposed to do it's just nobody taught you the.

Dynamics of the system. So you're at the mercy of it right. It's like keep asking you for the username and password and you don't know it and it just keeps getting more adamant as time goes on right. But the whole idea that hypnosis is hard a no.

Hypnosis also is not based on belief it's based on a set of it's a hypnosis is a physiological phenomena the. First the. First set of inductions we're going to do are based on four simple steps if you give people simple clear instructions they follow the instructions you test to see that they've done it by step two they will be in a profound hypnotic state that will only get deeper okay. This the the deduction we're going to work is called for.

Magic. Bullets many of you have seen it a lot of you have practiced it it is by far the most effective clinical induction. I know okay. Other than what.

I call non- inductions which are things like what color is the flower in my hand right. Because the way your nervous system is designed it must seek to answer any question that you ask it regardless of how illogical the question is right. Your your nervous system always processes everything is true before it devalues it or critic analyzes it and says it's not true if you understand two-thirds of that process and you can stop it from analyzing it'll just accept everything is true right. The other thing we want to talk about is when we're working with subjects when we're working with clients is understanding the.

Dynamics of the responses that we get not for us as hypnotists. But. So that we can prepare our our subjects to respond properly and to not and to get a lot of things that would cause resistance out of the way the. First thing you always want to tell your students or your clients and.

I use the term synonymously is that the. Dynamics of an unconscious response it always feels like you're making it up it's always the. First answer you get regardless of how nonlinear or illogical it seems to be it's always true you always have an urge to edit it and it's never loud. So when your client begins to have experiences and you begin to ask ask your client certain questions there's this part of them that's going to answer loudly and there's a part of them that's going to answer quietly it's always the.

First thing and it's always the quiet one and it's always the one you have the urge to edit and it's the one that almost never makes sense right. That's how you know it's you're unconscious right. Your conscious mind is like the 2-year-old of the human body. I have a 2-year-old.

So. I can say this all right. Uh anybody here have ever work live around small children. I have a 25-year-old.

I have a 6-year-old and a 2-year-old guess which one gets the most done two-year-old the 2-year-old gets the most done. I'm going to your you have child labor out where you live. Anyway right. Which is the one that screams the loudest two-year old two-year-old which is the one that always tries to tell you how to do things which is the one that always wants to do it instead of you sixy old six-year old close 25-year-old when she sees you working with tech yeah right.

My point is is that your conscious mind the part of you that uses data that that that crunches numbers and analyzes and criticizes is the least informed and the. Last to know anything okay. And the only decisions it can make are based on the data the unconscious mind chooses to give it remember everything you're consciously aware of passed through your unconscious mind. First this is why a person's words are the most important words they can hear coming back to them because it's been filtered through every level of their nervous system it's in the perfect size shape and holographic representation of their inner environment.

So the more you listen to people the more they're going to give you the words to use when you're actually hypnotizing them in fact give giving them their own words back is one of the most powerful form of hypnosis you can do conversationally yes. I have a question if you're working with a client can you sort of in your head make a catalog of their the words that they hell you should be writing them down session to session you can continue absolutely you should be writing them down every time you do an intake every time you do a session when they describe their problem you should be listening for the words the the the specific phraseologies that they use the words that they tonally lean on the words they emphasize in some way those are words that are direct emotional hot buttons within their system they're the ones that they're going to be most responsive to when you build your patter you need to use those words and you'll find that you'll you'll always be able to say the right. Thing because it's impossible if you're using their words it's impossible to say the wrong thing now we'll talk about suggestion and suggest ability. Later.

But for right. Now it's not important most of what we're you know we're not going to spend a lot of time on the we're not going to spend any time on the history of hypnosis unless it's relevant technique all right. We are going to talk about rolling up our sleeves and getting some hypnosis done right. But we have to cover a few fundamentals.

So that we can you know we can function safely right. First things. First there's only two reasons why people do not go into hypnosis besides the fact that they're mentally incapable of it which by the way is a much smaller group than you're led to believe okay. They tell you you can't hypnotize drunk people oh hell no.

Okay. The secret is as long as they can pay attention and follow instructions they can be hypnotized now just because somebody is hypnotized doesn't mean they'll accept your suggestions you see in the classical hypnosis. World there is a a again. I have to use a little bit of more of a primal metaphor for this.

But everybody here knows the difference between ejaculation and orgasm right. You know they're two separate processes true not true they tend to happen together they can happen independently hypnosis and suggestion are the same just because somebody is hypnotized doesn't mean they're a robot it doesn't mean that they'll automatically accept your suggestions you can hypnotize somebody very very deeply including yourself and not accept the suggestions okay. So the secret is no. Matter how deep and trance you go you never lose your ability to reject or accept my suggestions in any way you always have that.

So when you're talking to your clients when you're talking to your patients you got to let them know that too because if you utilize the four. Magic. Bullets they're going to go into trans as long as they follow the instructions they can't not it's a physiological phenomena if. I hooked you up to a.

CT scan or an. MRI your brain would change blood flow to different parts would change it's a physiological trans phenomena four steps everybody goes into trance as long as they follow the instructions and you as a hypnotist test to see that they've done it right. But there are two basic reasons why people don't go into trance a they don't want to. B they don't want to gotcha no.

Okay. But why don't they want to a they either didn't understand the instructions or they're afraid and pretty much every other reason that you're given for not following the process comes down to that they either don't understand what you want them to do or they're afraid they're afraid of losing. Consciousness they're afraid of being vegetable they're being afraid of revealing something that they don't want to reveal they're afraid of somebody you know making them do something fear is the single biggest hindrance to allowing yourself to go into trance now the best part is is you can hypnotize people with their knowledge or without with their. Comm consent or without we're doing it all the time.

Anyway everybody says. I want to be a hypnotist. I go too late you're already a hypnotist you've been hypnotizing people all your freaking life you just up until now you've sucked at it right. The sum total of human communication is inherently hypnotic the question is are you consciously directing it or is it happening at random and by default is it randomly working for you in some cases or against you in others do you can you manage it can you modulate it are you aware of when these things are happening that's the job as a reality technician language and your body are your paints and brushes to use an artistic metaphor right.

So. First things. First. I'm on yes.

Thank you sir okay. He's already in trance all right. So uh. First things.

First is let's talk about real quick arm. Catal eye catalepsy arm catalepsy and all these cool things um there in your books there is a complete glossery of what these words are what they mean in classical hypnosis parlins um the two ones that. I. I like to talk about cuz they they're the two the most one is is the.

First word in your in your in your glossery and it's the one that most people are terrified especially classically trained hypnotists that word is called abreaction abreaction is basically a contraction which means an abnormal emotional response an abnormal normally and an an exaggerated response. AB reactions can be screaming they can be laughter they can be yawning they can be some kind of really just out of proportion emotional expression if you're going to work in the trauma. World get get used to it okay. In the the classically trained again.

I'm going to you're going to hit me bag on. NLP you're going to hit me bag on classically trained hypnos classical hypnosis and all points in between. I'm an equal opportunity hater right. Um it's not that these things are bad it's just that they're old which is both good and bad which means they've stood a lot of it has stood the test of time.

But a lot of it is also folklore a lot of it is also myth and it is not actually true okay. And we'll talk about some of those things here and there uh. But again at the risk of muddying the waters um two words. I want to really touch on right.

Now the. First one is abreaction which is um you tell them to close their eyes. Relax and go into a relaxed. State and the.

Next thing you know they're screaming and raging and bursting out and things like that that's called a spontaneous. AB reaction now after you've seen enough people clinically it'll be like they have a big sign over their head as they walk into your tree room they'll say. AB reaction waiting to happen. AB reaction waiting to happen these people are like pressure cookers okay.

So the minute they walk in and they pass your tests which they may have react during your tests too um just hold on to your ride here's the thing. I want you to get right. Up front no. Matter how much training you have there is no.

Class on this planet that will fully prepare you for contact with human beings in their natural environment okay. The moment you get a human being in your chair and you start telling them what to do it's a good day if they follow the script because they haven't read it. So you're probably going to wind up with something else. So.

I'm going to. I want you to. I want you to become familiar with two terms that are not in your manual. But you'll hear them quite often in response to our approach a the.

First one is called bullet point hypnosis bullet point hypnosis is a concept. I'm going to in every hypnotic process that you're going to learn that. I'm going to teach you there are certain benchmarks that you have to hit okay. Certain points that we want you to get done accomplished within that process beyond that how you get there is entirely up to you whatever words you want to use whatever metaphors you want to you think are appropriate it's all you it gives you the freedom to do what.

I want you to do your way hypnosis is about hypnotizing people anytime anywhere for any reason and getting the result no. Matter what. So the concept the the attribute. I want you to really wrap your mind around wrap your heart around is relentlessness be relentless get the change no.

Matter what. CU at the end of the day that's all your client cares about they don't care if they. W you wave a dead chicken over their head and sing. The.

Star. Spangled. Banner right. Which is weird if you're from.

Australia or. New. Zealand or something like that or. UK right.

As long as when they get out of your chair they're different than when they got in okay. Don't get hung up on. Words as long as you can give simple clear instructions and test to see that your client has followed them you will succeed does that make sense. So.

Abri action there's a stock phrase that everyone in the hypnosis. World learns to deal with. AB reactions which is our of saying oh oh. I hope this works it goes and the scene.

Fades and you tend to your breathing it's a stock phrase or slight variations here and there. But when you tell somebody to do something and they start going into an. AB reaction whether planned or not and you can't handle it you're not ready to deal with it and the scene. Fades and you tend to your breathing everybody say it with me and the scene.

Fades and you tend to your breathing now be prepared because if they if you're dealing with a you know a. Gulf. War vet or some or. Vietnam vet and they're or storming the bridges of.

Normandy and they're in a full-blown. AB re action they probably won't hear you. First right. So you may have to say it several times right.

Yeah. But now here's the other thing if. I'm talking with. Aman or.

I'm doing a session with. Aman he goes into an. Abri action right. Strong one notice my hand is on him right.

He goes into an. AB reaction and. I go and the scene. Fades and you tend to your breathing bad idea bad idea okay.

If. I'm out here like this he goes into an. Abri action and. I go and the scene.

Fades and you tend to your breathing even worse idea all right. Remember when they go into the abreaction the only tether they have to safety is you. So no. Matter what happens happens no.

Matter what comes out of their mouth it's okay. Your tone doesn't change your state doesn't change right. They could be having dry heaves left and right. They could be doing all kinds of vile things in that chair and the scene.

Fades and you tend to your breathing you are the anchor okay. If they freak out and you freak out now you have two people freaking out it's not going to help them right. We laugh. But trust me this is why most hypnotists don't do the really heavy duty stuff they do they stick with smoke cessation they stick with uh weight loss which is.

I'm. I'm not putting those things down there's a massive need for it and if you want to make money in the niche really fast go into weight loss and smoke sensation they're great niches right. That's just not what. I get yeah.

So. I had a question when you just touched him when you did that. MH. So what's your experience for me is.

I never touch the combat vetan until. I let him know. I'm going to tou because. I might be yeah.

But that's what. I'm saying is you'll have those. KNE and. I.

I've seen people like um portray really bad hypnotist on in film. U there was a couple of times where. I've watched uh a hypnot you know a scene on a movie and the person starts going into an. AB reaction and the hypnotist literally does that and.

I'm like you can feel your nuts just kind of shrivel even if you don't have them you just you know right. You just no. Don't do that. So the whole idea is when you're in that treatment room regardless of what's going on around you or with your client your state doesn't change can you set up a like an anger for yes.

You can there's all kinds of yes. You can. But if they can't hear your words they can't follow your suggestion or fire your anchor we're going to talk a little bit about anchors because one of the things about anchors you need to understand any know everybody know what. I what he means when he says anchor how many people do not know raise your hand okay.

And anchor is another way of saying a post hypnotic suggestion or stimulus response trigger right. If. I say um you know every you know. I give him.

I give him on a couple of orgasms and as he reaches the climax of. The orgasm. I touch his left you know his left ear [Music] pretty funny well. I came here for like it just gets better my thought that was another.

Meetup okay. If. I give him that anchor right. The secret to to doing really effective anchors is you you have everything that the human being the the nervous system is doing is holographic.

So a lot of times we focus on the trigger and we focus on the state that that we want him in. But the nervous system also records and builds into the anchor the state you were in when you said it didn't know that did you your proprioception and mirror neurons interpret intention right. You know now. Aman's pretty solid stand up go forward a little bit be this is going to be weird okay.

But get really strong getting a good strong stance all right. Aman is really really strong. I can't really make him do anything. I don't want him to do right.

Right. And yet if. I link with the man's nervous system. I separate the distinction between self and other.

Then if. I bend my knees man's knees. Bend if. I bend over he bends over if.

I step he steps and he never thinks to fight back that was weird wasn't it. I like it he liked it right. So the whole idea when we talk about. State.

Control it's not just a word it's an understanding that whatever my state is his neurology is going to pick it up and respond accordingly right. That's deeper level. State control and. I've done this with 300 lb.

I think. I could bring a mark up here and do it if. I want to right. It's it's a level of sensitivity and awareness of yourself and other through your proprioception that allows you to do really cool.

Jedi like right. And you can all do it by the way it's not just. David it's it's it's a process okay. So that was really fun thank you um.

So. AB reaction. What's the phrase excellent passed with flying colors let's move on the. Next thing we want to talk about is yes.

Mark yeah. I'm sorry sir just uh after that ad reaction the pH nor your read you you go into like an anti-stress breathing or. Fox breathing after. I might.

I might. But what you'll see a lot of times is they'll like and he'll just be and the scene. Fades and you attend and you have you might have to say yeah see he's already gone automatically and well well they won't do it at. First cuz they again it takes a while while for them to calm down.

So you might have to say it a few times in a slow measured pace and the scene. Fades and you tend to your breathing everything's fine the seam. Fades and you tend to your breathing right. So most of you who are going to do trauma work that's probably not going to be what you do though someone's going to.

AB react and you're going to go hot diggity damn let's kick some ass because even though. AB most classically trained hypnotists are trained to run away from. Ab reaction it is also the most direct roote to the problem it is the most direct roote to the scene situation or event that is the source he's not actually. Antion huh actually he not actually well depends on how you can what you the classical term is abreaction.

I say yes. Right. I don't think of it that way yeah it's it's it's it's it's really. U because a lot of times in in a very.

Advanced hypnotherapy we're going to provoke it right. We're going to like if somebody's having asthma for instance and we want to get to the emotional healing we have to provoke the asthma attack sometimes to do it especially if there's a hard shell around around that that's par. Hill's work yeah. I just wondering someone that to change high probability high probability if they're.

Abri acting spontaneously in your office their unconscious mind is says. I'm done with this that's the thing you need to understand now that being said while we're on that topic as the a professional doing this you need to to kind of c ya a lot of times what. I will do especially if they're coming in for something seemingly simple because. I've been backdoored by this several times many times they'll commit with something that is what we call the presenting problem which is the reason they say they're there which actually has nothing to do with the real reason they're there you'll find when you start doing this work with clients and you regress them to this the the.

SE that's mine that's actually an alarm it's not actually my phone oh it's not my phone it's my tablet the electronics all right. Let me do this have have a don't worry. I'm on we'll fix you in a minute. I'm try.

I promise. I won't sterilize you yet the. First time. I had.

Second thoughts all right. So um getting back to this. So one of the things. I do a lot of times is as.

I'm working with the client. I'll say if during our process something else should come up that's you know you didn't expect or whatever do you want me to help you help you with it or would you like me to just kind of put it back in the box and we'll deal with that another time more often than not they'll say just fix it because there's a part of them that always knows right. But cya when. I was running meetups in.

La uh you would get people who would just go in and just take it upon themselves to fix something that they perceived was wrong with the subject bad idea you start tramping on people's boundaries that way um they get pissed human beings are amazingly ungrate for when you fix they didn't ask for to be fixed right. And just because you have a doctor in front of your name doesn't give you the license to do that yes. You an reaction how close are you to thee of you're right. Next to it more often than not you're right.

There you see the reason people get stuck the reason people don't heal is because there's an emotional charge locked in the system that they can't vent right. And there's a lot of different hypnotic theories as to why that is uh the best one. I've seen now is actually comes from outside of. H.

Orthodox hypnotherapy it's called. H holistic holographic uh memory this is the discipline is called holographic memory resolution. I call holographic memory. Theory um because it really does unite all the different theories of hypnosis about how trauma is stored how memory is stored things like that and it gives us the ability to access things very very quickly when.

I started um integrating holographic memory. Theory into my clinical practice what used to take me 90 minutes till takes 30 minutes that's big okay. And they don't need to dredge up anymore um which prior to that was almost always part and partial now there's still those processes and. I think sometimes holographic memory resolution is a great process.

But it does has has limitations uh which spinning fixes. But that's a different point all right. So the. Next thing we're going to talk about are we cool on.

Abri actions now we get that cya stuff uh we're going to cover what. I call the intake process what sorry will we be learning the advanced ways of dealing with that reactions it a lot of that really depends on how much you assimilate how fast okay. Couple of things about this week this is the biggest class. I've ever taught which is exciting for me.

So give yourselves a big round of applause. I have stuff my stuff has stuff okay. Uh yes. Sir sorry to cut you off uh what does cya stand cover your ass cover your ass a lot of the things we do in the hypnosis and psychology fields are about covering your ass because people look.

For people with. Deep. Pockets who screw up and don't cover their ass right. Um why don't you have a seat there for a minute.

I'm on um he's too good to not to play with yes. Quick question on do you typically uh videotape your sessions yes. So that you're covered. I videotape or.

I audio if. I'm doing if. I'm doing. Skype sessions in 75% of my clients are.

Skype wow yes. 75% are all over the world. Dubai. UK.

Australia. New. Zealand um several in bu. New.

Jersey. New. York a different country completely. Montreal are these people first- time clients even or or they they already have been yeah some we how many people have been have been my client raise your hand how many people here contacted me through.

Skype yeah right. It works over hell yeah cuz. I don't around right. I do.

I probably do more sessions. I and. I resisted it for years. But.

I had to develop as. I as my client base grew. I you know. I had to adapt right.

But yeah 90 75% of my clients are international. So yeah you know and most of the stuff that we do and all the stuff that you're going to be doing this week works on very well over. Skype um with the exception of maybe the. Last part which is called magic circle because it requires them to get up and move around right.

But if they can get up and move around you can guide them through processes right. Bottom line is hypnosis is easy you're never not in trance the question is is the trance you're in useful for the results that you want more often than not the answer to that is no. If you give simple clear instructions that anybody that any three-year-old or any. Third grader can follow and test to see that they followed the instructions you will reliably put 100% of the people into trans just because they're in trance doesn't mean they will accept your suggestions they can be happy as a clam deep in subabul and say you sometimes literally right.

Being entranced being hypnotized and the acceptance of suggestion are two different phenomena that tend to happen together now let's talk about the. First law of mental. Dynamics as. I like to call it what the.

Mind expects to happen tends to be realized as the reality technician you have to manage expectations you have to cheat you have to frontload them in every possible away. So that at the end of what they do is a foregone conclusion the. Next thing we want to talk about is the law of compliance here's how the law of compliance works every time your subject accepts and complies to a suggestion they become hypnotically predisposed to complying to the. Next one okay.

Every time your client refuses to accept a suggestion they become predisposed to refusing the. Next one follow me here's how you make that work for you remember that the unconscious mind always wants to please and it's very reward driven it also tends to be a little lazy. So make your suggestions especially at the beginning easy fun and. Laden with.

Rewards and praise close your eyes. Relax take a deep breath you're doing great three three suggestions right. There the minute they've done all three boom you've stacked it right. That is also true in conversational hypnosis when you just start giving people small suggestions and they start to comply you've established what is commonly referred to as a covert hypnotic contract a covert hypnotic contract is where you intentionally speak to the unconscious mind of the subject and they comply when they comply you've got a contract yes.

You're like my mic our sponge is down my sponge oh no. It's probably when you jumped on it's probably when. I jumped in your back sry it's all good it's all good uh which brings us to the. Second if there's a covert hypnotic contract.

Then. I'll bet you probably guess there's an overt one as well right. And this is something that you actually want to do with your. CL clients and here's why the covert.

Hypno. Or the overt hypnotic contract is come over here bring your chair over hereon the overt hypnotic contract is. Aman would you like to be hypnotized yes. Cool we have a contract now has two parts my job as the hypnotist.

Aman is to give you everything that you want in terms of change and keep you safe in the process your job is to. Simply follow my instructions to the best of your ability with the proper attitude which which is. I love these suggestions and. I know they're going to work okay.

Right. The moment you have a contract established anything you say will put them in trance will come on. I'm going to pick up your hand just like this. I want you to relax it let me hold it.

I want you to look. At your hand. I want you to notice as. I swing it back and forth and every time.

I swing it back and forth your eyes. Are going to get really heavy and going to continue to get heavy and heavy when. I drop it into your lap you're going to drop all the way down to the most wonderful juicy exciting. Trans.

State possible all the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still drifting dreaming floating all the way down in a moment not yet. But in just a moment a m as you continue to go deeper. I'm going to count from 1 to five when. I reach the number five you'll emerge from this state.

But before you do there's a feeling that you really reach really really like a feeling that the moment you get a chance to do it oh man you're all over that sucker. I want you to remember the. Last time you had that feeling and the moment right. Before it reached its climax right.

Before it reached its peak and. I want you to that's right. And. I want you to notice that there was a place in your body where that feeling started that's right.

I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling and. I want you to notice what happens to the feelings in your body as if for some mysterious reason that color begins to spin faster and faster and faster beginning to spread circulating all throughout your mind all throughout your body till all of a sudden circulates everywhere stronger and stronger deeper and deeper. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take. Every.

Beat of your heart double it again that's right. And double it again getting stronger and stronger. But not reaching its peak yet now here's the best part each and every time you practice hypnosis with another human being in this room each and every time you are the subject this feeling is going to get stronger this feeling is going to get more that's right. You can smile it's all right.

It just gets better that's right. This feeling is going to get more and more intense it's going to be your reward for being a great subject or a great hypnotist for following the instructions for obeying the commands and you're going to discover that as a natural byproduct of following these instructions obeying these commands you're going to become a thousand times better at hypnosis than anyone in this room and you're going to love it you're going to look. For every opportunity to hit hypnotize a human being for your results are theirs always dovetailing what you want with what they want. So that everybody wins and you can feel really good about that right.

Now now. I'm not going to suggest that every time. I touch your ear all those feelings are just going to get stronger and stronger and stronger even when. I emerge you from.

Trans in fact you're going to notice that's right. Only gets better for all the right. Reasons in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you're going to explode out of trance in a burst of pleasure a burst of. Joy feeling 10 times better realizing that for as long as your heart continues to be for as long as your lungs continue to breathe them on you're just going to get better this pleasure is just get 10 times stronger each and every time you experience it 10 times more satisfying thrilling and rewarding in every way and you're going to be filled with self-confidence filled with self-esteem filled with an. Unstoppable drive to hypnotize number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where you're the one who knows how to do this two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your very own unconscious mind are now 10 times more powerful 10 times more positive 10 times more.

Unstoppable in every way three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance four because it's all for you am man you've done the work you follow the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've earned the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality and it's true for you now on the. Next count you can emerge from this state feeling amazing in every way ready to hypnotize and kick butt in all the best ways possible number five that was an experience give him a big round of applause stand up [Applause].
