Title: kFld1SUxbHc.txt
Video Id: kFld1SUxbHc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFld1SUxbHc

Houston to join the staff here at action performance and wellness and. I'm actually a physical therapist in an. Active. Release.

Technique provider. So a little bit different than dr. Don and dr. Anna.

But still doing the same things with. Active. Release. Technique chiropractic and physical therapy one thing that.

I'm a specialist in is actually something called the functional movement systems. So that's a combination of two testing parameters called the functional movement screen which we'll go over a little bit today. But also a selective functional movement assessment which is an assessment of a full body capacity for function and movement. So the.

FMS is anyone ever heard of it before okay. So not many have if you aren't in professional athletics. So it actually got its start in 2002 physical therapist by the name of grey cook. Invented this functional movement screen which is seven tests that actually look.

At somebody's physical capacity from functional standpoint. So. I study functional a lot functional actually means something that you do that actually translates over into another activity. So functional training spend the fad for the.

Last ten years or. So. So what's actually functional training is running functional training maybe you could be on the treadmill that's not too functional or you could be trail running very different to different things. So really having something that you're doing correlating with something else inactivity.

So the. FMS is very simplistic it takes about six to ten minutes to complete. But it's seven different tests that we look. At from a physical capacity standpoint a combination between mobility stability and something that will cover in a little bit called motor control.

So the. First tests of the functional movement screen is actually the deep squat. So how many of you incorporate squats and your workouts right. Now okay.

Does anyone want to volunteer to test out the squat today all right. What gets you going up. So the way that we're going to do it is we're going to be giving certain parameters we're going to give you a position and. Then we're going to complete the motion.

So. I'll go over the testing and. Then. I'll go over exactly what we're looking for.

So. I want you to start with you come right. Where. I am feet shoulder-width apart your toes are going to be facing directly for it go a little bit more in perfect you're going to have a dowel up over your head here grab with your hands and you're going to be coming into my hands here at 90 degrees.

So move the hands into my hands perfect you can go straight up overhead you're going to maintain this position squat down hold for a. Second as low as you can go and. Then come back up going to complete it again yeah wardrobe back up one more time back up good. So anyone squat like that in their workouts nobody really does what this is is a test for functional capacity you can relax that down.

But what we're looking at is actually the full body the way to integrate it together. So in that functional position with arms up overhead going all the way down a lot of stuff has to happen. So most of us squat out here we squat in here we do single leg double leg we can do a bunch of different stuff. But this is actually a basis of developmental strategy whereas we're children we come up and we move in a certain way.

So. I was looking at a couple different things. But that was less than perfect it was a really good squat. I'm sure you do that a lot in your training squad in a lot.

So we're going to try to clean it up just by a simple manner we're actually going to elevate the heels up a tiny bit. So. I'm gonna bring this board behind you can step up a tiny bit what. I want you to do is exactly the same thing.

But your heels are just going to be up on the board. So go a little bit wider with your legs okay. We're gonna get this up again bring it down to the head go out to my hands good raise up and squat back down good back up again back up one more time good. So from you guys this perspective what looked better without the border with the board with the board for sure.

So only about an inch and a quarter made a difference between a movement that was very good biomechanically and a movement that may have without the board cause some future injury. So you can relax thanks for volunteering here. So what we're going to be doing is you can go thank you we're going to be grading that from a zero to three standpoint. So four criteria zero means that you had pain during the movement.

So 0 is not where we want to be if you get a 0 that means that we probably need some medical treatment. But from a 1 standpoint meaning that you can't really complete the motion whatsoever. So a 2 would be you can complete the motion with a little bit of deviation you have some dysfunction in the movement 3 is like the best thing you've ever seen it should be on. YouTube and.

I probably got a million hits. So most people the goal is to get within the 2 a 2 means that you're going to be ready to train you can add some external load. So you get a barbell on you get some dumbbells and you're going to be safe while doing that motion and a 1 is really where we see most people 12 to where we need to correct up through progressive exercises. So deep squat 0 through 3 and.

Then we'll score that out at the two there the. Next one we're going to look. At is the hurdle step you have another volunteer that wants to do a test will take anybody ok. So the.

First three tests out of seven are really looking at a gross motor function and movement capacity. So a lot of different things happening at once. So for this. Next test what we're going to look.

At is actually a measurement off the lower leg the tibial tuberosity height. So we're at about 17 inches here. So we're going to set up the kid up to 17 inches. So.

I'll demonstrate this one for you before you start what we're going to do is we're gonna have the devil on our back both hands on feet are going to be placed together toes are going to be right. Up on the board go over touch the heel down back replace the heel. So you're going to be gazing straight up at that picture there. So.

I have the feet totally together the toes are going to be right. Up. Next to the board here. So step up the tiny bit and.

Then go feet together go we're going to go over with the right. Foot touch the right. Heel down ok. Reset we're going to have three chances to do one same thing and.

Then come on back replace the foot good one more time same leg and back okay. So everyone see that strategy to get it over the. First time really that heavy compensation actually knocked it over. But the brain found a way to complete the task we'll talk about that in a little bit let's test out the left leg here okay.

Similar to the right. As best as you can okay. Come back to it started horse down here in back okay. And relax.

So that was a little bit more objective than subjective compared to the. First test. So there we actually had a score of two he was able to do it on the right. Side going over.

But obviously it wasn't that perfect boom boom. So the two score on the right. Side as opposed to the three wasn't able to get it even on that. Third attempt went around just to clear it.

So really that was our. First example of something we call thanks for your volunteering asymmetry between the right. And the left sides. So a lot of the testing with the functional movement screen has to do with asymmetries.

So we're looking at the way the body functions from the right. To the left one of the biggest predictors of injury rate is actually an asymmetry. So for right. We had two left we had a one.

So that one sticks out again one means that we're not going to be able to do really anything with single leg stance. So you guys were looking at probably yeah range of motion on the right. Side. But we're also looking at stability on the left side.

So as we're in this motion here a lot of stuff has to happen our shoulder blades are locked in. So our thoracic spine lumbar spine have to stay stabilized we have to be on a single leg stance on the left side. So our hip has to be active or glutes have to be active also we have to have some ankle strategy for stability we have to have the mobility to get over on the right. Side and also we have to have the proprioception the way that we imagine ourselves in space to complete the motion itself.

So with the right. Left asymmetry the biggest thing that we look. At to try to correct from a therapy standpoint or also from an exercise standpoint is to get this one up to a two. So at two meaning that we can exercise we can get something like a single leg stance exercise.

But we can also stay safe. So the. Third one we're going to look. At is going to be a trunk stability pushup.

So anyone incorporate push-ups into their workouts okay. So a lot of people this is going to be a little bit different than the way we test this again. I get another example person to come up all right. So the way.

I want you to set up you're going to be right. Down on your stomach feet are going to be together toes are going to be locked in your thumbs are going to be at a height it's going to be right. At your forehead you're going to come out with the hands push yourself straight up give you a little bit more room all right. Feet are gonna be together toes kicked in.

So bring it up there you go. OOP right. From this position we're going to push up back down relax everything push up again back down one more time back down. So that's pretty good we're going to drop these hands down just a tiny bit same exact thing complete the motion good back down one more time good.

So not a huge difference between the. First hand position and the. Second hand position. But what that actually does is has you able to use your upper body a little bit more from a strength standpoint when you drop the hands down.

But really from this testing parameter we're looking at the lower spine the upper spine the way they're integrating together. So do another push up here back down. So that's pretty good everything is moving up as a unit. So really we're looking at the way that trunk is stabilizing through the core push up again back down do a sloppy push up without that your glutes going see the difference between there and come back down do a good one everything is leading from the pillar strength we call it.

So that you can come back down. So the butt shoulders the way the core integrates together. So linking up those things is really going to be indicative of an exercise where you do heavy loading where you really need to get your core involved good thank you very much. So that's actually the only test that's different between men and women the women actually get their hands a little bit lower to get their strength in.

But men actually test from here and from the chin level. So those are very functional examples that were given one through three. Next one we're going to look. At it's actually a little bit more range of motion.

So it's called shoulder mobility. So many of these tests have a combination between mobility and stability components. But this one is actually the most mobility driven. So what we're going to do is have our arms out to the sides thumbs are going to be grasped between our hands one's going to go up one's going to go back where you get them as close as possible together i get another example to come up all right.

You'll be good at this one. I promise okay. So let's face the board you're going to go out to a tee with the hands you canna grass your thumbs let's have this one go up this one go be back behind your back good get this one as close together as possible good go back out to the. T.

So simultaneously get them as close to possible good one more time good let's go opposite side. So rights going to go up left's going to go back good one more time. So this is a really good example because the mobility is great here one more time here. So what we're looking at is a distance between the hands good relax.

So a bunch of different stuffs happened in here. So it looks like just functional internal and external rotation. So functional external being here with flexion external rotation or extension internal rotation. So two things have to happen the shoulders have to have the mobility can you face this way again.

So go out to the tea and go nice and slow go this one up this one back. So the shoulders have to have the mobility to integrate the motion. But also this is really testing out with the thoracic spine the way its ability to extend and protect the lumbar spine and also than that come back and you can see here we look. At the shoulder blades as well.

So go again same same way see right. There in order to get that. Last range of motion to get those hands close together we call this a winging of a scapula. So we see a lot of stability issues with something like that go opposite way see if we can compare.

So same thing. But not as bad on the. Sun are you right-handed. So the asymmetries again.

So that would score out is a symmetrical motion you can relax these thank you exactly. So cueing the motion and it's not something that we really teach in the test. But we use the test because that's the natural way that you move through the motion. So we use progressive exercises to really try to correct some of the motor control or the way that we move our body.

So the fifth one is also going to look. At mobility. So it's called an active straight leg raise test. So what we're going to have done be laying straight back down on our backs legs are going to be gather feet are going to be together these are going to be right.

On the back of the board hands are going to be relaxed the only thing moving is going to be a fulcrum motion at my left hip we're going to get that leg up as far as we can come back down picking a volunteer for this one. I think you're up you want to do it no. Okay. That example would be great.

I saw. Billy jump up all right. Let's come right. Down on your back here your knees are gonna be together your knees are going to be read on the back aboard that's perfect okay.

And your hands can be relaxed what we're going to do we're going to measure between the medial knee and also something called the. ASIS at the hip we're going to take half way between that distance nice and slow and controlled motion you're going to come up only with the left leg bring it up as high as you can and back down up again any pain while you're doing that dr. Lee stretch one more time here and back down go to go opposite side back down. So what we're looking at here is hamstring length go again.

But also the way the pelvis is stabilizing. So in order that have this motion happen two sides of the pelvis actually have to integrate thank you. So much. So you can see the hip rotation can actually cause a decrease in range of motion at the hamstrings.

So looking at that one again with range of motions really going to depict whether it's a three two or one alright. We say the best 24. Last year. So we're going to do something called the inline lunge to like that not bad it could have been a 3 we get working on it.

So the inline line. July should do this one myself again we're going to set up in a lunge type pattern. So one foots going to be out one foots going to be back we're going to have our arms up integrated as well everything is going to be in line symmetrically with our spine drop down come straight back this has a lot to do with running motion. So a seller aters and decelerate errs.

So the way that we're using our quads hamstrings. But the core and hips integrate it as well. So perfect example coming down in a straight line coming back up the big deviation that we see especially in runners is the lack of hip stability where we're actually deviating off to our front side or to the back side you can see me lose stability there what is happening there is we need to integrate from the hip front side back side be able to stabilize coming back up. So that's actually graded out three two one as well.

Then the. Last test rotary stability. So the rotary stability is always the most challenging we've actually had all the doctors working on this and nobody is quite perfected it yet. So this really looks at a reciprocal motion or the way our body cross-links and he uses opposite sides.

So having the shoulders right. In line with the elbows in the hands having the knees in line with the hips we're going to simultaneously move the right. And left out touch out and replace anyone will evolve ahlan tier that one. So one stop.

So get the knees right. Under the hips the feet are going to be right. Up against the board as well hands are going to be right. Up against and.

Then come forward a tiny bit ok. Let's go right. Arm right. Leg out you're going to touch knee to elbow out again ok.

Try again same side ok. Try again stabilize alright. And you guys could see that compensation pattern. So the.

Next slide on you're going to stay in this position what. I want you to do is use your right. Hand use your left leg you're going to go out into extension touch out again replace the hands nice all right. Let's try that same side again alright.

One more time. So this is one of the biggest ones that we see the asymmetries with. So that would be a score of three if that was just like boom boom perfect motion what. I want you to do is use right.

Arm left leg out touch out right. Over right. Arm left leg reciprocal good same thing again very good what's going on right. Leg make sure you touch that knee to elbow replace it okay.

One more time this is good it's a good example. So we can't quite get that range of motion to get that left to touch the right. Knee and that would actually be scored out as a 1. So that asymmetry two to one.

So that's really interesting you can hop up from there. But what. Billy had was he was very close to being that three. So his unilateral motion was very strong.

So hip shoulder very strong on the one side you're actually better testing out at a three than you were at it too and that's really to show the reciprocal motion of corn aggression as you cross the body. So very interesting with that. So those are the seven tests actually wasn't going to run through those today. But we have some people coming in and about hopefully 10 minutes from the.

CrossFit gym where we get a lot of our clients from we're going to talk a little bit more about the the progressions and the ideas of the basics behind the. FMS. But with this seven tests what. I want to talk about is the score that gets derived from this.

So we get a total possible score of 21. So 21 is the perfect magic number that nobody ever gets because nobody is a perfect athlete we have professional athletes that actually go through this score and they don't get anywhere close to a 21. But profession is not the key to the. FMS the key to the.

FMS is staying healthy. But also being able to progress with your exercises. So the magic number of the. FMS is 14.

So you might look. At it saying that if. I get a 2 on all these and a two on the right. To on the left everything cement symmetrical that's where you get the 14 from 14 can actually be from a couple different spots.

But we actually put priority on certain things as it pertains to corrective exercises. So the shoulder mobility along with the active straight leg raise those were really mobility driven. So those looked at range of motion a little bit more than your athletic ability your motor control the way that you could control your body. So these two things are what we have most control over.

So with are stretching foam rolling functional activities we can really hit pretty hard with these two and really correctives at these are going to happen. First with the corrective exercise strategy. So with correctives of these say you have a 1 and a 2 here and a 1 in the two here getting that up to a two and two most like will increase all the other scores of the other five tests. But actually the score gets derived its.

But a lot of research went into getting the score. So as actually a 14.4 is the magic number. But obviously you can't get a point for anywhere. But what this means is if you score above a 14.4.

So 14.4 to 19 that means that you are 98.5 percent likely to stay healthy in your given activity that you're already enrolled in. So if you're a runner and you score 15 you only have a one point five percent chance to go out and get hurt on that give and run the day that you scored out the. FMS that's pretty good odds if you think about tweaking things for every 100 runs you go out on you tweak something ok. I'll take those odds.

But actually as you go above a 19. So 19 to 21 you're actually at the highest risk of injury. So that doesn't actually make sense to a lot of people. So the better you are on this to the top echelon you actually at the highest risk you're at a 12-percent risk of injury and the reason that is is because you take risks in your training you are.

So functional you are such a great athlete that you're going to push the envelope a little bit every time you get out there you're going to challenge yourself you're actually going to be challenged to the point where injury may come through. So these are a lot of our professional athletes you see these guys dropping left and right. On sportscenter every single day you're like why these guys going to inherit their perfect athletes. But really being too good maybe not a not as great a strategy functionally.

So what actually we do is for anyone that scores under that 14 corrective exercises need to be implemented to increase your score. So it actually decreases or rate of injury actually decreases as you go down from a 14. So we erase some of the stuff. I'm actually reading over my own writing right.

Now. So 14 is the magic number to stay active stay healthy and really a generalized number for your training. But nine is our active number meaning that if you score under a 9 out of that 21 really you're at a huge risk of injury not only from your activities. But also from activity is a daily living.

So if you're scoring under a 9 that means that you really you're not turning on the right. Things and you're actually going to be at risk of hurting yourself getting out of the car you're going to be hurting yourself going up the stairs. So really that clinically is the number that we look. At.

So you'll be surprised that anyone follow basketball the. Miami. Heat with. Dwyane.

Wade really good player one of the best players in the world he scored a 7. So his functional score is a 7. So he's getting paid 23 million dollars this year and he is an. FMS of 7.

So everyone looked at that when he. First came out into the. NBA saying it doesn't matter he's a great player he scored 20 points a game awesome will paying the money. But sent the tail end of his career where he's not able to be as good a compensator with his own body he's getting hurt more and more.

So he's been hurt five times in the. Last two seasons and really it's a durability factor. So really looking at the. FMS scoring is giving you a foundation of your functional capacity.

So functional capacity 12 stay injury-free. But to a lot of our crossfitters come in and they're very good they're great athletes they spend a lot of time on their mobility they really score well on this. But they're not scoring as well as they need to. So it's actually the.

Second thing that we look. At is formance enhancement. So a bunch of us are coaches here the doctors are also coaches. So dr.

Tom obviously with her running coaches dr. Anna. CrossFit. I work with a lot of performance athletes as well and a lot of the goals that our athletes have are not only to stay injury free.

But also to increase their performances. So as a coach. I actually been brick wall before where. I'm coaching the movement and client just cannot get it the athlete just cannot get it you know we're squatting in the form is just off a tiny bit we don't know why.

So we stretch we foam roll we do some activities. But they're just not doing the right. Stuff what this test is able to do is identify really the functional movement capacity that they do have. So we can increase that and actually up their coaching ability and increase their performances.

Later on. I know there was a lot of information with. FMS is anyone have any questions about the movements the seven that we went through yeah yeah this was a just going through the. First seven.

But we're going to talk about core concepts. Later yeah for the test over and over and over again this can that math problem you know like that that's a very good question just doing that is it going to. So if the tests were a little bit different because they're the way the tests were derived where everyone from baby all the way up to a grown adult we go through a developmental sequence. So we actually start off you know we have a we have dr. dons daughter in here we should use her as an example.

But starting off we're either in a prone position or a supine position babies cannot move out of this and they have to work sequentially to get movement little by little stability little by little from this we're able to. First get enough trunk support enough neck mobility to actually prop ourselves up from there we're actually able to proper selves up to this point where as we come into a quadruped position get enough mobility to come into this position here to stand from there we go out and run. So the way that your brain is actually sequence you could practice a lot of that stuff and if your sequencing is off it's not necessarily like. I need to get more range of motion here it's the way that things are going symmetrically left and right.

Together in your ordering of motor control. So a lot of these tests you can practice for them. But it won't actually show up in your score because it's ingrained in your motor control abilities. So it's actually a little bit deeper into the neurological level exactly what was very interesting because dr.

David was talking a lot about breathing strategy and one of the. First corrective exercises we work on with the. FMS is indeed breathing strategy because a lot of your movement capacity is derived by your most basic functions which is movement and also breathing movement. So even at rest were heavy chest breathers we need to be able to use our diaphragm calm down or sympathetic nervous system get into the parasympathetic the rest in response nervous system optimal performance.

So that's really the baseline of where we start the correctives and even from doing that without stretching without really practicing the movements you could increase the score by one or two points it's very interesting any other questions be. I think. I'm going to be doing another talk here in a little bit a little bit more about the basics of the. FMS.

But about the tests in general all right. Thank you very much.
