Title: Psychological Keys For Charisma, Chemistry , Connection  and Social Influence Skills
File Name: KjGE-8zw5WY.txt
Video Id: KjGE-8zw5WY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjGE-8zw5WY

To do that. So we've got about a minute before we're scheduled to start the official training for tonight um again i will be repeating much of what i just said probably in a slightly different wording slightly different format and when you're ready we'll just go ahead and like i said at four o'clock uh make sure you have lots of things to write with make sure you have paper pencils lots of caffeinated beverages uh oxytocin-laden substances things of that nature. So uh hello hello hello welcome to killer influence weapons of social seduction soon to be titled something a little bit less provocative and i'll talk about that in a minute my name is dr david snyder and in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer in the world by globalgurus.org and today i'm going to be sharing with you some of the most powerful secrets for influencing human beings to love you trust you and believe what you say and do what you want if you take uh the information that we're going to share with you tonight and you apply it as we teach you with another live human being you will rapidly gain the ability to never lose an argument never fail a job interview and you'll never miss a sale again and that sounds like a big a big set of claims. But you don't have to believe a single thing that i'm going to teach you tonight in fact belief is not essential what is essential is following the instructions and actually doing them with a live human being if you do that you will have an amazing result right.

But i can't multiply zeros okay. If you follow the instructions if you do the drills the skills will work for you okay. My children just got home. So if you hear noise and screaming and gnashing of teeth in the background it's because they're just children and that's how it works a couple of things before we get into the the official part of our presentation.

First disclaimer if politically incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your tuesday night my intention is never to offend anyone. But my particular style of teaching does tend to be very provocative i don't lie to people i don't i don't i don't people i tell people what i'm what i believe and what i feel and what i've seen proven out in the real world my intent tonight is to deliver it to you powerful solid actionable content things that you can take out into the world right. Away and start putting to work to make your life more of what you want it to be and get your life moving in that direction okay. If you've trained yourself to um to go into webinar mode when somebody is starts you know presenting information um i'm gonna ask you to kind of step out of that mode if you're tr if you trained yourself to think in 90 minute blocks like many of us who do webinars we're going to spend a lot of time on webinars have done uh our webinars tend to go a bit longer okay.

And the reason is because unlike many webinars where it's you know fluff fluff fluff tease tease tease pitch by buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff fluff fluff question question question pitch pitch pitch buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff done in two hours or less um that's not how we do things there will be an offer at the at key points uh we'll tell you about that during the webinar. But our job here is going to be to deliver as much content as humanly possible uh. So. First and foremost um we're gonna teach for about an hour uh hour to hour and ten minutes we will talk about the training package we put together for you we will go through that as thoroughly as possible and give you an opportunity to raise your hand if it's something you're interested in once that part is done we will be circling back and we will continue training teaching and training more content um for the.

Next 90 minutes you know. So you're looking at probably at least a three hour webinar uh if you factor in everything we usually go a bit longer i'll be upfront and honest with you because one of the things that i love probably more than anything don't tell my wife this is i love to teach i love to i love to interact with people i love to watch the light bulbs go off in people's minds and empower them to get the things they want. So that being said um a couple more things if you are a. First time uh viewer if this is your.

First time uh venturing into the world of planet david go ahead and type your name and where you're checking in from and. First time in the chat uh if you're a veteran of planet david and this you may be like you're like seth breebar who's been to 50 plus trainings or teresa who's been to five or six trainings now and loves what we do or or any uh cynthia who's been on our virtual student now for almost a year right. Type in of that you're a planet david veteran and the reason i'm i'm i'm bringing that up now is because as i go through this webinar you're going to have questions right. And you're going to have questions about how you can apply these things in your life and you should in fact there's a drill we're going to do.

Later where we're going to connect every single thing in this webinar to what you most emotionally want it's going to be one of the most powerful influence tools you'll ever learn we're going to start by giving you an experience of what it feels like okay. But there will be questions that you have and many times when people get excited the the questions fly by. So fast in the chat i don't either see them or um i just i just have to keep going with the content that we've planned. So what i ask you to do is if you have that question especially new people if you have that question ask it for those of you who've been around planet david who have experience applying the technology that we teach in the application that's being asked about i would ask my my students my older students my newer students people had direct experience and real success with this in the world to answer those questions just type them in the chat type your answers in the chat who they're directed at things of that nature and and that way everybody's questions will be satisfied and answered if you still have a question about it this is a live webinar that we're doing we're streaming through zoom and.

So there will be a copy that um will be available as a replay. But there will also be a live version of this webinar immediately available almost immediately after we're done if your question still got unanswered go back to the comment section underneath this video type in your question because i always always always read the questions that people ask and i always answer them. So if i don't answer it online in real time or almost real time because if you're in our zoom room you're getting everything in real time if you're coming at us from our youtube platform uh if i type something in the chat it's in real time. But if i'm just speaking here like i am into the camera and to you directly there's about a a 60-second lag between the words coming out of my mouth and when they hit your platform maybe more depending on where you are in the world and what the status of your internet is.

So just keep that in mind uh i will try to kind of keep everybody balanced and still move things forward okay. So with that being said um a couple other things this means yes. This means no. This means i know the answer this doesn't apply quite.

So much in uh in a virtual format this means i know i don't know the answer this means oh i hope he doesn't call on me. Next right. I may i may i rarely do. But every now and.

Then i just randomly pick somebody from the audience and i just do a drill with them or something like that okay. So that being said um seth did i miss anything i don't think i did. But if i missed something seth is usually the. First to tell me let's jump in to the topic for tonight's uh class which is the psychological master keys of charisma chemistry and connection and social skills how to never lose an argument fail a job interview or close or miss a sale ever again all without lying cheating or stealing let's go ahead and jump in all right.

So this is our our by the way we're probably going to change this title soon because apparently facebook. Has a problem with words like weapons. But that's all right. All right.

So discover the psychological master keys to have people hanging on your every word how to never lose an argument fail a job interview or miss a sale ever again all without lying cheating or stealing uh this is our class for tuesday march 9 2021 and i am your host dr david snyder you may be asking who the heck is david snyder and why should i care well. First and foremost i am an actual doctor this is my copy of my diploma from the pacific college of oriental medicine i've been a licensed and practicing acupuncturist since 2005. i've run a clinic in solana beach where my specialty is treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotions. So while many people in in the neuro-linguistic field in the hypnotherapy field deal with things like uh weight loss and smoke cessation uh nail biting things of that nature i deal with with illnesses that are manifesting as a result as a result of repressed emotions. So we get multiple sclerosis parkinson's cancer um scoliosis intestinal problems herpes outbreaks many things that have an emotional underpinning which is about 80 of things going into a doctor's office by the way and we go in and we help set people free we teach them how to get rid of those negative emotions how to overcome their fears and blocks to success we do a lot of trauma work um out of the clinic.

So we help people recover from all levels of trauma ptsd or trauma domestic abuse child abuse things of sexual abuse things of that nature. So um i like to think that we get the really cool i consider those applications some of the most fulfilling uh personally and i love doing that kind of work and it's taught me a tremendous tremendous amount about how human beings work from the inside out i you know with with as much humility as i can muster i'm not the most humble guy in the world i'll be the. First to tell you uh i've looked into the hearts and minds of literally thousands of people and when you look. Into that that sacred space inevitably you see the same thing you see a scared little child terrified of being alone and desperate to be accepted and loved and when you give a child that little inner child that each of us has those experiences that realization that certainty that truth that they have those things they can overcome and go through anything and i'm waxing on that a bit now because as we go through the technology that i'm going to share with you tonight you're going to be tapping into parts of that you're going to learn how to structure your communications in such a way that the not only does the adult respond to you.

But the child inside of them that grew into that adult will respond to as well now you don't need to know that. But it just happens to be one of the things that i think really needs to be understood okay. So and again and that's a copy of my doctorate. But there's more in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the world by globalgurus.org i've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from how to be more attractive how to be a better lover how to get over traumas in record time how to remove pain and fear uh how to do advanced sales and marketing techniques copywriting things of that nature i consider myself a specialist in human influence technologies i codename that s-h-i-t and that's some and i do some serious i'll tell you that.

But strategic or specialized human influence technologies is what i consider what i do. So when it comes to uh applications i'm all about how do we gain the most influence how do we exert the most influence over ourselves how do we exert the most influence over others in a way that's ethical and honest and gets everybody what they want okay. Uh our work's been studied by people in the pentagon the intelligence communities through the seduction communities the therapy communities i'm very proud of of the work that we've done and and the amazing changes that people have gotten just from our free content uh interestingly global in 2020 this is a letter i got from globalgurus.org as a matter of fact and i'll read it to you really quick it says dear david it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence which is by the way the material that you are learning from is from this course uh it is great with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp nlp stands for neuro-linguistic programming and of course they attach a little link here and if you go to that page here you can see um that killer influence was indeed among all of its uh competitors named the number one course of its kind in the world which is interesting you know a little fun factoid is i never promoted killer influence as an nlp course it certainly derives from nlp and other other disciplines. But i never i never pictured it as an nlp program per se it was all about real world application and influence uh in any anytime anywhere for any reasons.

So um i also have a very very strong background in the martial arts as well as energy work um in fact i always make the joke that i have more energy credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers although that's the thing i talk about the least i have a whole the 10th degree black belt in rue cu kempo karate fourth degree black belt in shaolin kung tao. Second degree black belt in kosho kempuru uh. First degree black belt in fancu jiu jitsu i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema it's a russian martial art cinco manuscrima and modern arnis i have a reiki master teacher i've been a raking master since the early 90s since before reiki was cool uh i've been studying kabbalah since before madonna ever heard of kabbalah. So i'm very much a prima donna i'm an advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist i'm trained and certified in advanced dna theta healing and manifestation i've trained with the bankston energy system as well as many forms of qigong which i absolutely love and i teach those things to my my inner circle students.

So after you go through the the long and drawn out list of david accomplishments you may be asking what all these things have in common well besides me a concept called pattern recognition and what does pattern recognition have to do with human influence well honestly everything you see everything human beings do has a structure everything human beings do recurs in patterns patterns of movement patterns of thought patterns of speech patterns of emotion and when you understand how to recognize those patterns and use those patterns you can influence the directions people take and and the emotions that they feel and if you have a good heart you can do it ethically and honestly and make sure that everybody gets what they want. So at the end of the day where all these things come together isn't actually two places and i'll jump off the powerpoint really quick for this in addition to pattern recognition they all intersect at the human nervous system no. Matter what discipline what application you're working with it all is processed and facilitated through the human autonomic and central nervous systems the proprioceptive nervous systems in your mirror neurons today you are going to learn how to tap into that process that entire system using simple language and understanding language in a way that most people never will it's going to be fast it's going to be fun it's going to be easy you don't need to know all the biochemical processes how many potassium ions are jumping from neuron to neuron to make this work all you got to do is the things we tell you to do and you're going to be awesome okay. Don't believe me have fun be playful be curious and just play with this stuff and you will rapidly discover uh i think i need to mute some people here um hold on a.

Second let's mute everyone no. You may not unmute yourselves okay. All right. Oops what just happened there okay.

All right. We're back all right. So let me go back to my powerpoint uh pattern recognition okay. So is this class for you well let's find out if you can answer yes.

To any of these questions. Then you're probably in the right. Place if you would like to be more attractive to the opposite sex make them find you charming fascinating maybe even irresistible type yes. In the chat if that's something you'd like if you'd like to remove fear and insecurity from your life radiate confidence assertiveness power maybe even be considered truly alpha in a situation of circumstance go ahead and type that's me in the chat room if you like to make more money from your job book.

More clients for your business get that razor promotion you know you deserve go ahead and type that yes. In the chat for that right. If you would like to protect yourself from manipulators narcissists social predators and handle difficult people more easily this is the right. Place for you okay.

If you'd like to have people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want them to. So that they naturally want to follow you leave. So they like and love and trust you you're in the right. Place okay.

If you would like the ability to cause anyone you need to like and admire you maybe even love you sometimes in as little as 20 minutes you're in the right. Place we're going to we may tease you a little bit about that if you. But if people want to go deeper into that aspect i'm happy to do that this is your webinar by the way and i'm going to come back i'm going to come back to that in a minute if you'd like to nail two or three out of job inter job interviews or more on the spot and have them salivating to hire you this has happened with a bunch of people already um when i. First made that claim a lot of people screamed.

Then they did they took. The process they went out they did it with a prospective employer and boom when they when the job wasn't available they actually made a job for these people okay. If you are a leader in any situation or circumstance if you like to inspire your employees your children your spouse to do what you want them to do have them want to do it this is the place for you to be right. If you'd like to surround your friends who are actually a good fit for you friends that you can trust friends who are loyal friends who are a fit for the the person you want to be this is a really good place for you to be right.

Now if you'd like to be able to just saying just saying if you've ever fantasized about having the ability to put anyone under your spell just by talking to them even if you have zero knowledge of hypnosis or nlp or any of that other stuff you're in the right. Place okay. Now the important thing to remember is that is this personal promise to you now again let me just um let me jump off this really quick. So here's the thing if this is the scope of everything we have to learn or that we could learn tonight we have time for about this much.

So here's my personal promise to you i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i will point you in the direction of where to go for more is that a fair trade if you feel that's fair type that's fair in the chat and if i could show you everything that would move your life forward would you be willing to take the. Next step if you're willing to do that go ahead and type that in the chat as well cool excellent excellent because if you take the steps you'll get the results that's all i can say i can't multiply zeros. But i can show you how i can't take away the learning curve. But i can dramatic can help you dramatically shorten it okay.

Okay. So cool. So here's where we're going tonight once again if you stay on till the end of tonight's webinar i promise you if you stay until the end i'm going to teach you the fastest most powerful and direct way to make people like love and trust you i'm going to teach you how to have people hanging on your every word i'm going to show you in explicit detail how to emotionally bond with another human being and bond them to your product your service or and and make them want to do what you want them to do and if you stay until the end and you follow my instructions i will teach you how to go from just an interesting set of information to becoming a master of unstoppable persuasion okay. That's my promise to you tonight for those of you willing to follow the process hang on and strap in now here's where it gets interesting because this webinar isn't about me i know that sounds weird because i'm just a dude wearing a very loud vest doing all these weird things this webinar is actually about you and this is where we begin to customize tonight's content for you.

So here's my question to you what is the biggest most important question you have today about how to influence others that you would like the answer to okay. Type the answer in your chat i'm going to give you a minute to do that type the answer for the your biggest most important question about how to influence others in the chat and. Then we're going to get. Then we're going to jump right.

In to our. First drill and there will be some writing for this drill. So you might want to have some writing tools available to do that okay. And by the way i read all the chats like i said uh because that's how i figure out what content to create for you right.

I i like to think of myself as a universal problem solver in terms of human influence issues and. So the more i know about what you want and what you need the better i can design content for you that actually satisfies that you may hear a flute in the background it's because my daughter is taking her virtual flute lesson and she's in the. Next room. So how to enroll ideas how to enroll people to my ideas and proposals perfect okay.

Let's see here what else we got [Music] can it also be about yourself yes. Yeah because the. First person you need to learn to influence is you there's there's no. Other way around it if you can't influence yourself you're at the mercy of whatever rapport or situation you find yourself in okay.

In fact the very. First exercise that we're gonna do we're going to do to ourselves. So you can understand what you're going to be doing with other people okay. And by the way if you understand this one drill that we're about to do correctly it is possible to get people to do things that are not in their best interests.

So i i have a fervent hope that after you learn how this process works that you will use it for the good of all okay. Cool excellent all right. So the drill we're about to go into is called the emotional bonding checklist now you'll notice on your screen that there's a diagram this is called this this target diagram here is known as the universal persuasion protocol okay. This is a seven state a six stage formula seven if you count the little know your outcome up top here that allows you to exert influence anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason it tells you exactly what step to do.

First. Second. Third fourth fifth and sixth when you get really really good at it you can skip half the steps just do the. First two and the.

Last one and you will absolutely have an 80 chance of getting everything you want from the person 80 of your influence is done before you actually open your mouth now we're gonna be focusing on the center of the persuasion bullseye today sometimes i do language sometimes i do report well we'll be touching on rapport today. But we're going to be focusing on getting to the center of the persuasion bullseye tapping into a person's emotional bonding checklist and the emotional bonding checklist is a way for you to emotionally find out and discover what a person most needs and wants and using your language talking only about the product or certainly aspect of your product service or yourself that directly satisfies it. So again if you're if you study the killer influence or cpi systems you will be uh you will learn this process backwards and forwards it's very good for dating as teresa says right. Um very powerful in fact i just taught a four-day class using this exact model for uh for dating mating and relating it was a co-ed class i think teresa was there right.

Um. So that's the big system we're going to be teaching you parts of it today if you want more just pay attention and stay till the end of the webinar we will show you how to get the entire training for the system karen's asking how to tell a person to be less selfish we'll show you that okay. So this is our. First exercise for this this is called the emotional bonding checklist now one of the concepts that i want to talk to you about is something we call the echo technique and it's going to play a big big role in your ability to deliver this emotional bonding process okay.

Um. But we're going to do this exercise uh we're going to do this exercise together. First. So that you can experience the feelings that this generates for you and.

So here's what we're going to do for this exercise you will need a pencil and a paper and a piece of paper something to write on okay. And what i want you to do on that. First line let me see if i can pull up my template for this exercise and you can take a screenshot of this if you want to for people who really are are interested in taking this further i will give you an email address after we've processed whatever orders you make uh that you can i'll i'll put all these techniques into a pdf that you can begin that you can you can follow along with and use in upcoming webinars and things of that nature. So what we've got here is called the emotional bonding checklist and what this allows you to do is it allows you to open up and look.

Inside of a person's heart pay attention to the things that are emotionally driving them to want the problem or want the solution you offer and allow you to bond them emotionally to your product or service. So it makes them want to do what you want them to do let's see here here's the the process. So um what we're going to do is i want you to get out a piece of paper hold on a. Second see if i can move this over here we go and on that piece of paper i want you to write what i want from today's webinar what do i want from you what do i want what tool do i want to get from today's webinar what do i want to be able to do as a result of attending this webinar okay.

I want you to write that question out and i want you to write the answer right. Next to it and i want you to underline that answer okay. And when you when you've done that type done in the chat. So i know and we'll continue with the.

Next part of the process again if you don't do the drill you won't have the experience if you don't have the experience you won't realize the power of what you're learning right. Now uh hold on a. Second i actually need to show you hold on a. Second i apologize i didn't realize i wasn't sharing my screen here's a template to follow okay.

Okay. So once again let me make this a little bit bigger for you here if you if you there was a specific application specific result you wanted to come to this webinar to get a tool to accomplish if you got that tool and you were able to apply it what would that do for you what would that do for you just write physically write down what that would do if you know i'm not going to ask you to read it i'm not going to ask you to share it this is uniquely personal to you all right. But i need you to do this i need you to write this down physically for me okay. When you're done just type it in okay.

Good everybody's typing done excellent now close your eyes. Close your eyes. And imagine for a moment that you actually got the tool that would allow you to achieve that result i want you to imagine what that might be like what might you see when you have it what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's a feeling that you get because it gets it gets a result for you now when you have that result what's important about that to you what does it do for you. So once again we're here now we're at this section here that i'm kind of mousing over when you have that result what's important about it and and either type or write in your out if you're typing if you're doing this on a notepad or something you can type it in of course if you're using on a piece of paper which i always recommend write in your answer what's important about having that what's it do for you when you're done type that in the chat cool excellent you guys are doing well okay.

I know this sounds kind of weird kind of convoluted all will be revealed now here's what i want you to do i want you to read the answer to the. First question to yourself out loud what's that going to do for me. Then read the. Second answer and.

Then ask yourself this question what's important about that and write your answer and when you've done that type done in the chat perfect you guys are doing good right. Now some of you are you're kind of cheating because this is not your. First your. First webinar rodeo.

But that's all right. So again when you're done type done in the chat and we'll move on to the. Next piece makes me smile and excellent wait we're just getting started peter hold on. So now what i want you to do is i want you to read this part out loud read this part out loud and.

Then your. Third answer here right. Read that out loud and. Then ask yourself ultimately and what i mean by ultimately is if you got this and.

Then you got this and. Then you got this what would that ultimately do for you what's important to about about that and write that down and when that's done just type done in the chat now here's the interesting thing is you don't act in in most cases out in the real world you don't need to go this far. But for training i'm going to teach you something really powerful okay. Be more charismatic very good now when you're done just type done in the chat.

So i know you've done the exercise okay. Feel powerful enough to help others excellent perfect now stand up take your paper hold it in your hands and read the answers out loud no. Less than seven times and uh when you've done that type done in the chat repeat them out loud with emotion and conviction and when you're done type done in the chat cool roland said rolando says done excellent some of you guys are going deep on this one it's good peachy's asking can i say what i wrote down if you really want to it's not necessary okay. Julie says done matthew says done kathleen's the sigh of relief now type in the chat when you started repeating those words just those words in the sequence that came out of your mouth came up verbatim what happened in your body type what happened in your body when you were writing those words and.

Then what happened to you emotionally what happened to you cognitively we're done relaxing okay. Seems like the real deal energized open heart counter says the more i repeat repeated the more my body relaxed yes. Would you like to know why because it's dope because in that moment you were tapping into your deepest emotional needs let me um unshare this for now in this moment you were tapping into the emotional needs you most deeply want satisfied and connecting it to the tools you're getting in this webinar okay. Was it a good feeling yes.

Or yes. Type it in chat if it's right. This is the gift that you will be able to give every single human being that you choose to use this process with now i gave you the nuts and bolts self-directed version we're going to show you how to do this with other people. But when you how many of you noticed you started to get emotional like like maybe even started to tear up a little bit go ahead and type that in the chat if you started to get emotional right.

That's the secret the act of eliciting this series of information causes a person to peel back the the emotional armor that they have and taps into the most sensitive emotional needs they have for wanting the solution you're offering them that solution could be a relationship with you it could be a product that that you think can fill their needs it can be a service that you offer. But when you go through this process the moment you start stimulating a person's emotional needs you change the entire focus of their neurology they start to go into a profound sense of rapport with the source of that elicitation process and they begin to view you or view this person or this person begins to view you really as the source for satisfying those emotional needs. So not only do they actually believe or start to believe that you can satisfy them they're conv they become immensely loyal and have good feelings while they're looking at you. So all of these things get linked very very powerfully to the person that you're interacting with does that make sense because you just experienced it right.

If you did the drill you just experienced body feelings that weren't there a minute ago and yet they were see they were always there. But they were buried under layer after layer after layer of other stuff words to be exact. But the truth is that whenever a human being talks to you there will be phrases and words that they unconsciously emphasize they will unconsciously separate out from the core of their of the rest of their communication in some way they may do it through a gesture they may do it through a volume change they may do it through a tonality shift for those of you who are trained they will jump out at you like big flags say this is important this is important this is important. But what if you're not trained what if you need a a hack a a quick easy effective practically idiot proof way to get this level of attention and connection with somebody i'm going to teach you how to do that now and from this point on as you're going through this process with me i want you to remember that everything i'm teaching you assumes you're doing what i'm about to show you.

Next does that make sense if it makes sense go ahead and type that in the chat okay. Very good very good okay. This technique is. So powerful the.

Next technique is it's is. So powerful. So literally unstoppable and it's. So freaking simple that if i hadn't experienced it hundreds of times over and over and over again if my students hadn't experienced it hundreds and hundreds of times over and over again they would not believe that this thing has the power that it does.

But it is. So powerful that variations of it are actually used in hostage negotiation. So here is the. Next technique i want to teach you this is the most powerful word any set of words any human being can hear in the moment and here's here's what i want you to write down the most powerful word any human being can hear in any at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth okay.

I could give you all the neural linguistics behind it i can give you all the neuroscience behind it i can give you all the hostage negotiation and social psychology reasons behind it you don't need to know that if people want to hang out till the end of the webinar we're doing q a and things like that after you've gotten your packages or whatever i'm happy to point you towards the science behind it okay. It's ridiculous the amount of science behind this this concept that this technique is derived from the technique is called the echo technique and it literally compels a person's neurology to pay attention to you because the most powerful words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth okay. So let's talk about the echo technique really really quick we will circle around um that should bring us right. Up to actually we're moving pretty good uh in terms of of the content that we want to cover um.

But i'll continue to teach until about the top of the hour. Then we'll do our our offer and i'll explain our train the training package and the programs and the opportunities we've got coming up for you and. Then we'll circle back and we'll continue to teach and we'll drill down on your specific questions about how to apply these things is that a fair is that a fair deal if you think that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat for me [Music] there's my daughter playing her flute in the background can you hear her [Music] cool all right. Excellent all right.

So let's look. At the echo technique the echo technique is one of the single most powerful linguistic techniques a person can use uh here we go here's how it works this is the most powerful and way for human beings to communicate why because it literally you make sure i've got okay. Because it literally forces a person's neurology to pay almost exclusive attention to you and pretty much disregard everything else if you've ever been at a party and you're talking to somebody and somebody mentions your name that you're from across the room and you turn around and look. You're tapping into this mechanism your unconscious mind is constantly scanning for things that are relevant to itself human beings are like little sonars they're moving through the world sending out little little pings like sonar pings or radar pings and what they're looking for is a reflection of itself to come back to them and.

So when you start using a person's very own words to communicate they can't not pay attention now you got to do it from a sincere desire to connect and communicate if you do that it will generate it will it will stimulate a cascade of neural chemicals in their mind and body that force them to become extremely attentive to you they will start to be very uh they will start to have a big oxytocin release when they look. At you even dopamine will start to begin to to be formed just from this process. But you don't need to know all the biochemical stuff for this to work just remember that the most important words any human being can hear the ones they want to hear more often than not at a neurological level are the ones that just came out of their mouth. So um this will eliminate if you're someone who's like hates small talk is always struggling with what to say this is going to be one of the coolest things you've ever learned because one of the neurological side effects of using the echo technique is that it actually causes people to want to talk more it literally primes them for continued self-disclosure and the best part about this process is the longer they talk the more connected and attracted to you in many cases they become connection for sure attraction can be there or it can be stimulated using other methods.

But the secret is when a person gets their very own words coming back to them right. Which is what you did remember when i had you drill down what's important about and if you got that what's important about that and if you got that what's important about that all i had you do in that moment was repeat your very own words back to you and your body had this sudden cascade of neurological electrical activity that was enjoyable that was positive that was pleasant right. And how many of you started to find yourself wanting to type more about what you were doing or what you're experiencing in the chat some of you were even asking me can i type it in the chat you wanted to self-disclose you wanted to elaborate you wanted to make give me more information right. That's the process you will trigger in every human being that you do this with from from a place of sincerity and a sincere desire to connect okay.

If you view this as just a trick to do with people to get them to do what you want it'll still work to a greater or lesser degree. But if you truly come from a place of this is the most pleasant rewarding desirable way for a human being to be communicated with it's the way that on a neurological level they most want to be communicated with well if you don't do it who's the now right. But you don't have to believe me you don't have to believe me just go out into the world use a person's very own words and notice what happens to them by the way if you do if you're doing this with servers like bartenders waitresses waiters be very careful because it will work and what will happen is they will become. So focused on you that they'll forget their other clients or their other customers.

So be very respectful of the power that you're wielding with this now in the in the exercise i gave you earlier we stacked this echo technique on top of what we call your emotional bonding checklist the most powerful words a person can hear at any given moment are the ones that came out of their mouth when those words are directly connected to an emotional need they become even more powerful they become multiplied exponentially. So you can do this on a very superficial level and create very very powerful deep level connection and intimacy and a need for a desire for more validation in the person that you're talking to um in seconds literally in seconds or if you want you can drill down deeper to their emotional needs and link them to you your product or your service does that make sense do you get where i'm what i'm teaching you now if you get it type in the chat what you think i just taught you. So friend says i did this with a friend of mine for about 20 minutes she wouldn't shut up. Then i told her what i was doing she continued repeating her words back and i continued repeating her words back until after she knew i was doing it and she still couldn't shut up yes.

It's a neurological primer right. If it weren't the most ethical and honest way to communicate with another human being i would say it's unfair. But honestly it's actually the way we all want to be communicated with now if all you do is repeat their words back verbatim it's going to be very boring conversation. But you use the words that come out of their mouth as your as your base to ask questions from and to steer and guide the correction we teach you that in killer influence um right.

Now this is all you need to know to really have cool stuff today uh pac-man is that pac-man or cnc man 420 says that was pretty cool david thank you that's it it is cool it really is and you know i i was doing this for years um and i i truly did not appreciate the power that it has um and i was like i said i talked to stuff you know i've been teaching the cpi system now for almost 10 or 15 years we've been refining it constantly over that time and i taught this echo technique way back. Then in 2004 when we. First started doing it. But i emphasized different things uh in the course at that time because of where i was.

But as time went on you start to see what things inevitably have more and more energy more and more magnitude and scope to them that allow you to exert massive influence and be charismatic and generate connection in chemistry in the shortest amount of time possible it's this simple stuff people are moving through the world looking for themselves and when you can reflect that back to them they cleave to you like cement they do not want to give you up if you can link that cleaving process to your product or service that directly satisfies their deepest emotional needs they will hold on to you like your life preserver after the titanic has gone down they the the brand loyalty the customer loyalty the friendships that you will generate the team cohesiveness that comes from this is off the charts. But don't believe me just go out into the world be immensely curious and play with it okay. So let me just go through the rest of this and um and. Then we'll move on to the.

Next piece okay. Um here we go okay. So this will prime your target to just keep talking um it will send very very powerful signals of sameness to the listener this is something that i just talked about a few a minute ago is that human beings are moving through the world searching for themselves and when they find somebody who who reflects back to them an aspect of themself they they become much more comfortable and much more attracted to that person an attraction i just did a four-day workshop where we utilize some of these skills and a whole lot of others one of the things you understand about attraction is that when it comes to attraction you have to be different enough to be interesting without being unsafe or scary and similar enough to be comfortable when you have that balance you have attraction okay. One of my my colleagues in the in the behavioral analysis field uh brent uh bart baggett used to say opposites attract.

But seldom stick that's true enough to be true uh opposites do attract. But if there's not enough similarity there people soon lose go their separate ways for lack of common ground this is a way to create a very powerful deep neurological common ground with another person that you can begin to stack things onto and if you did if you learn nothing else from this webinar. But the echo technique you would have the ability to 10x your results out in life. But don't believe me just again you don't have to believe it you just gotta do it okay.

Um the longer they talk this is one of the key things when you start using this technique with people let me go back to this when you start using this technique with people remember this they will want to keep talking they will want to tell you more let them let them talk the longer they talk the more connected and attracted to you they become one of the worst things you can do sometimes is just randomly interrupt people now if we have time i can maybe talk about some ways to make this more um covert if you want you know um. But right. Now you don't need that the way you make this work out in the field is you don't look. For the special words they lean on you don't look.

For any tonal shifts you don't look. For any of that all you do is when it's your turn to speak you use as many of their words in your sentences in your stories as close to the order and sequence as you can that they used that's all you gotta do if you just do that you will trigger this phenomenon and they will just start keep continuing to self-disclose and become more connected and validated because nobody has given them that feeling in a long time nobody has given them the feeling of being completely heard accepted and understood and that's exactly what you're doing as the foundation of the relationship that you're building right. This trust that you're generating in this person is completely organic it's the way it's supposed to be and people feel naturally um good about moving forward with the. Next step if you pay attention to the signs okay.

Brenda's asking what if you decide you don't really like the person and want to stop making that connection you do everything the opposite of what i just said you mismatch their words you turn you give them your back you you disagree with the things that they say and boom uh they will break that they will break that connection um very very quickly okay. Let's see here i don't need to go into that um okay. Cool. So does everybody understand the echo technique and how it's used go ahead and type that in the chat if you get it look.

At my youtubers here cool uh hold on we got a question on our youtube channel let me take a look. At this real quick okay. All right. Nothing worth talking about right.

Now okay. Good okay. So now let's go ahead and talk about well um what questions do you have here's what we're going to do we're going to go ahead i understand the echo technique and how it is used excellent make sense got it boss perfect yes. Through your youtube videos cool all right.

Very cool. So if it's okay. With you uh i'd like to go ahead and talk about um is this useful by the way our is this can you can you connect how using this technique moves that list you made earlier forward if you can go ahead and type that in the chat for me absolutely yes. I just got here can you leave the video up yeah we'll be leaving this video up for a day or two.

So okay. Okay. Um i should do a call with steve p i've done a i did a couple videos with steve pete for those of you who um are been around for planet david for a while okay. Very good.

So uh yes. I see how we do this unconsciously all the time yeah we do and and honestly um if you're familiar for those of you who want to do i'll give you just some quick references for those of you who want to kind of look. Into some of the site the the social science behind this uh there is a book. By the name of by a stanford researcher named dr alexander penland he wrote a book.

Called honest signals and he defines four channels of influence that are active in all socially competitive environments one of which is known as mimicry which is exactly what you're doing on a linguistic level when you do this it's one of the most powerful uh processes that human beings engage in and you can manage it you can you can actually engineer these things okay. Um. So what we're gonna do now is it okay. For me to talk about the training package we put together is is that okay.

Okay. Cool. So here's what we're gonna do we've we've started at the beginning of the webinar by showing you that every human being has oh let me put it to you this way everything human beings do is in response to a feeling period it's either a feeling they want a whole lot more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of your job is to give them the exact feelings they need to feel comfortable taking the actions you want them to take the way that you do that is by understanding that for anything a human being can conceive of life insurance perfect spouse the perfect husband wife girlfriend uh perfect pizza stick it bubble gum pen for what any anything a human being can conceive of they have an internal checklist that they're trying to check the boxes for when you use a person's very own words you match those check boxes perfectly their body generates a feeling of desire and trust and empathy that feeling gets connected to you and all you have to do from that moment forward is only talk about the aspects of yourself your product or your service this is where the echo technique comes in that deliberately satisfied and directly satisfies the things they just told you okay. This emotional bonding checklist has three pieces to it the.

First one we talked about is the checklist the the elements that have to be satisfied how they know they're getting what they want when those checklists are satisfied as you check all the boxes for what you wanted from this webinar right. Your body generated a feeling did it not right. And you gave that feeling a name right. That's what we're doing when you elicit the checklist you elicit the names and you give and you talk about the aspect of your product or service that directly satisfies those needs using their words to do it that cascade of body feelings that you experience begins to happen people go into that state of trust chemistry and connection and they realize that they're getting everything that they wanted by taking the.

Next step with you you see how it all fits together type that in the chat okay. You guys ready to take the. Next step okay. Excellent.

So here's what happens. Next i'm going to talk to about a special training package we put together for you when i come back we're going to do some demonstrations uh we'll go we'll go deeper into this emotional bonding checklist we will circle around and uh continue to teach more stuff more language patterns or whatever it is you want to learn more about after this we will um we'll talk about uh and before i get into the. Next piece what um what do you want to know more about based on what i've talked about based on what your needs and desires are when i'm done talking about the training program that you're going to take um what what do you want to do. Next type in the chat what you want to do.

Next. So bernardini is asking when you tell someone to remember a time when they had a certain feeling and they go back and start feeling it is it possible link those feelings yes. Just the act of asking the question will cause that process to begin the difference will be um you you open a window you create a spark how do you fan it into a flame okay. How do you quickly get back into a controlled state oh okay.

All right. Well the purview of this is is influencing humans. But um will eliciting values okay. We can do that roger says uh and the listing values is really what we've been doing okay.

We call it the emotional bonding checklist because when you talk about criteria and values listation which is the nlp term for it people go huh what does that mean right. Um what we want to do is we want to emotionally bond people to us our product or our service and we want to do it in such a way that they feel absolutely good about going forward in fact more often than not when you do this properly you won't have to ask them to buy it they'll ask you okay. Okay. Okay.

All right. So without further ado i'd like to go ahead and talk teach you about some things that we've got coming up and give you an opportunity to maybe get it on the ground floor for that if that's something you want to do would that be fair type that in the chat for me who wants to take their stuff to the. Next level if you're ready type i'm ready in the chat cool all right. Here's what we're going to talk about with your permission and i've asked multiple times because i wanted to make sure that there was no.

You know there was no. Miscon you know miscommunication here i'd like to teach you about something i like to call the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion training home study course this is a set of courses that i've put together for you um designed to teach you how to influence humans anytime anywhere to believe what you say do what you want whether that is going out on a date with you whether it's becoming a client whether it's getting them to take out the trash uh take you on a trip i'm not a persuasion cop comp these are your skills to use uh and one of the things that i do and if you ask any of my veteran students in the class um they'll they'll actually confirm this what i always tell my students is that before you choose any program before you purchase any program i offer talk to us. First because if you've seen our our our website on on the e-commerce side of things um you know we have a massive amount of product and courses available and um if you don't know what each course is about you can get lost in the sauce. So it's always a good idea to talk to me or a lot of my students are in the chat they've been they are some of them are our platinum members which means they've been through at least 10 to 12 trainings or more like if you're seth who's been around since the stone age he's been to over 50 of them um ask your questions talk to these people they will vouch for the technology you expect me i'll be up front with you you expect me to have an agenda you expect me to try and sell you something you expect me to tell you my stuff is the greatest in sliced bread don't believe me talk to the people who actually use the technology talk to the people who are actually winning in life as a result of these things if you don't believe me trust them right.

And. Then decide on yourself for yourself if you're worth it one of the things i want to kind of get out in the open really quick is if if people come to me and they say david um i have exit amount of dollars and i see that your live training is this much and your training course is this much which should i do and without hesitation i say come to the live event why because at the live event i can observe you in real time i can give you drill after drill after drill i can hardwire and install this stuff in you hypnotically as well as directly i can give you chances to to work with one person after another afternoon we do more hands-on training than anyone in the industry. So if you want this stuff in you come to the live event that's what i tell them now covet hit and i had to kind of pivot i said say okay. Well wait a minute well now a lot of people are not going to be able to come to a live event how do i get this material into them in such a way that they have the same level of result or as close to the real world the real life training result as possible and.

So i sat down and i said okay. What courses do they need what order do they need them and how do i make this accessible to people. So that's what we're about to go into. So um if i had my druthers i would say get your asses to the live event.

So i can make sure you own this and you embody it we do more hands-on than any other training group in the industry i'll tell you that right. Up front um and people can vouch for that we have lots of people in the audience who have been through those trainings you may have seen videos of them. So let's talk about this process that we've got for you and um and where and what steps to take to move forward. So once again uh this is our ultra persuasion home study course we designed this for you in mind.

So that you can get as close to real world real life results from our live events from the comfort of your own home. But we've got some really cool stuff in here for you if you like the emotional bonding checklist if you like the echo technique we've got more stuff for you coming actionable stuff that you can use on this webinar. But this is what you're going to be getting. First and foremost this secret this this course is all about human influence it's about helping you take your life to the.

Next level in a way that you can calibrate you don't got to believe it you just got to do it it's about making more money it's about closing more deals it's about getting more dates helping people feeling confident and powerful it's about winning the game of life on your terms it's about learning to become charming charismatic and irresistible in your own way by by moving through the world helping everybody you meet get everything they want by doing what you want that's a win-win if you think that's a win-win and that's worth learning type yet type yes. In the chat okay. So here's what we put together for him this off this is uh there is a limiter on this with this offer expires march 9th 2021 during this secrets of human influence home study course you'll be introduced to the universal persuasion protocol you remember those seven stages i told you about earlier you'll be taught module by module how to do each one individually right. Uh we're going to teach you how to think like a master of influence a master influencer people who are good at persuasion people who are good at getting people to want to do the things they want them to do think differently than the average human being okay.

It's not that they're machiavellian or that they're necessarily very mercenary. But they understand how to speak to people in a way that triggers what they want they know how to talk to people they know how to set outcomes and and move those outcomes forward and create a strategy we're going to teach you how to do that we're going to teach you that the what the reasons people fail at this and the reasons they succeed and how to think and act and believe like a master of influencer. So even if you don't believe in yourself yet you will by the time you complete that module because this stuff is actually simple if you have the right. Instructions to 297 value we're going to teach you how to control your own psycho-emotional state.

So nobody else can remember this there is a war going on right. Now in the united states and across the world it's a war for your mind the space between your ears and the way that they do that is they attack you in the fields they attack you in the emotions they get you feeling a certain way which causes your your um your reptilian brain your mammalian brain and your neocortex to change how they perceive the world we're going to teach you step by step how to go into any psycho-emotional state as an act of will and to transfer those emotions to other human beings in a testable way you'll be able to learn how to go as far into a positive state as you want it goes deeply to any negative state as you want and have complete capability of going in and out of it to whatever degree that you need to the reason we do this is because once you have this level of training no. One will ever be able to push your buttons ever again without your permission without your consent and even if they knock you off maybe they take you by surprise you'll be able to regain your state instantly it's a 297 dollar it should be a 2 97 value because this is the one that takes you to jedi level if you understand how to do state control really really well you can put the whammy on an entire room uh it's it's really crazy we're going to teach you power rapport skills we're going to teach you how to control your emotional state and. Then using a special vibrational rapport bridge we're going to teach you how to link up with another person's neurology like to bluetooth synchronizing and learn how to send emotional information back and forth in a way that you can test and verify it's easy it's fast and it flies in the face of what a lot of nlp teachers are training and stuff like that it's a 297 value we're gonna teach you the seven most irresistible hypnotic language patterns on the planet besides the echo technique we'll teach you one pattern that allows you to direct a person's internal focus of awareness that allows you to make them pay attention to certain things and completely ignore others how to automate processes in their mind that the minute you describe this process using this language pattern their neurology begins to do it inside with or without their conscious consent we'll teach you a language pattern allows you to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listeners right.

We'll teach you how to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listeners we'll teach you how to force a person's internal mind movies to be exactly what you want them to be without any fear of them being different that's just a few tiny pieces of what uh that particular module will teach you it's a 297 value we need to raise these prices we're going to teach you how to hijack someone's own internal behavior code remember at the beginning of this webinar i told you every single thing human beings do let me explain this every single thing human beings do has a structure they have a structure for how they get up in the morning they have a structure for the way they walk they have a structure for the way they talk they have a structure for the way they think and and believe and behave and when you understand that structure and you can recognize it you can fit your desires and needs into that structure give it to them and they will process it like they came up with it on their own it'll be the most organic thing that they can do okay. We'll show you how to do that and by the way when you're doing the echo technique you're already doing that. But we'll show you in very explicit details how that works and how to use how to leverage it for maximum influence does that sound cool um if you think. So go ahead and type yes.

In the chat it's a 297 value we're also going to teach you we're going to go even deeper into how to emotionally bond with another human being how to tap into anyone's deepest desires and literally link them to you your product or your service in such a way that the thought of not working with you just gives them the ebg b's they can't even imagine going somewhere else it's a 297 value it is the single of all the things that we teach this is the one that drives the human human being most a person cannot go against their their emotional bonding checklist without experiencing emotional pain conversely they cannot have their emotional bonding checklist stimulated without going into immense pleasure that's why when you started repeating your words to yourself in that drill your body was flooded with dopamine it was flooded with oxytocin you started to relax you started to feel more confident things started to quiet down um uh legs asking where is the link to buy for those of you who don't want to wait for me to finish just go to http oh killer influence dot com forward slash go look. At that she's already there all right. Very cool um all right. So all right.

Stephanie's with us everybody say hi to stephanie uh as you're as you're clicking that link okay. Uh we're gonna include with this now these are the the again there's over 17 videos in this section we're going to include with you a special a special textbook. We call this the killer influence uh mastermind our mind control manifesto control list and hold on a. Second hold on um those of you in the youtube i just posted the link uh maybe stephanie or brandon can go to our youtube people and give them the link as well um sorry i'm i'm trying to manage the chat at the same time i'm trying to teach you what else is going on here all right.

Okay. So um let me tell you about the killer influence master text really really quickly this is a 240 plus page manual and in addition to everything i just talked about there are special chapters on cold reading cold reading is one of the most powerful and effective ways to gain authority in the minds of another human being it allows you to look. At somebody and make very educated guesses and talk to them in such a way that it sounds like you're psychic now what what's interesting is when that happens when you can express to people things about themselves there's no. Possible way that you could know they start to become hyper suggestible to you they start to view you as an expert on them and.

So they start to become very very focused they start to view you as an authority in their world and when we when you get to the killer influence program we'll teach you about something called the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence and those four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence are authority attractivity affinity and acquiescence these are four macro categories of influence that when you combine them in the right. Way will cause people to comply and want to please you okay. So we're gonna give we give you a whole list of techniques in the authority system a whole list of techniques in the affinity system a whole list of techniques in the acquiescence and um pillars as well. So you can cherry pick them and put them together.

So that's one of the one of the extra chapters that we put in there we're also going to teach you about social hypnotic operators social hypnotic operators are hypnotic phenomena hypnotic triggers that have been hardwired by society and culture and family and religion into you that when you stimulate these triggers in exactly the right. Way people behave in very predictable ways. So if you've read any of uh robert cialdini's a work like influence to psychology of persuasion you may have heard of things called reciprocity social proof liking commitment and consistency um consensus right. These are all social hypnotic operators they're triggers that activating everyone that you can learn to activate at will you can engineer very powerful influence and persuasion environments that's another one of the modules in the killer influence master text another module in the in the killer influence master text is called proxemic hypnotic operators proxema hypnotic operators are phenomena that you can create or that occur naturally in an environment that cause people to psychologically perceive you in a certain way for example if i if i'm at a conference table and here's the head of the table here's the foot of the table if i take either one of these positions i'm automatically given more authority by everyone at the table regardless of my actual social status we call these proxemic hypnotic operators if i know somebody is right-handed and i stand on their right.

Side they will like me more than if i stand on their non-dominant side okay. One final thing there's a there's an aspect to proxima hypnotic operators we call embodied cognition your neurology processes literally and subjectively the same way in other words let's take let's talk let's let's think about um uh something like heat if i give you a warm drink to hold right. You have something that's physically warm in your hands as i'm talking to you you will perceive me with more emotional warmth than if i give you a cold drink to hold the studies the study is called embodied cognition and we'll teach you how to engineer that how to make use of it in the real world because there will be places where the languaging can't help you. But behaviors and environmental restructuring can and.

So it's a full spectrum of influence these are things these are extra things in the killer influence master text we'll talk about meta programs which are special filters that human beings have that if you understand how to change how you speak to fit that program which by the way happens automatically in the echo technique you'll automatically fit their neurological way of moving through the world we'll teach you there's even a special section for those of you who like more provocative stuff called drts the ert stands for dirty rotten tricks these are kind of gray hat persuasion and influence tactics that at the very least you should be aware of. So that you can protect yourself against them. But if there's a need to play a little bit of dirty pool with some maybe there's some narcissist or machiavellian dude out there or a girl out there who's kind of playing dirty pool kind of bad-mouthing you at the office or something like that and you need to kind of turn the tides these are some of the little tactics that if you want to right. And it's appropriate to do it you can turn the tables on them.

So those are all in the killer influence master text that we're including in this uh secrets of ultra persuasion home study course. So i just wanted to elaborate on that for you um as well as it's also we also teach obviously in our killer influence live trainings and live events. So um i just wanted to elaborate on that for you. So you understood really what's behind and the solid gold that is in the uh the killer influence master text.

So that's a 418 value as you can see it's well worth it we're also going to give you access to a special online community with over 200 people in it we'll talk about that in just a moment if you're to try to go to the website today and buy this course uh it would it would total around 2497. But of course we're not going to stop there we've got a whole bunch more stuff going for you. So for those of you who want to take advantage of this today i want you to go ahead and understand you're going to get these exclusive bonuses as well we're going to we're going to really flesh this out we're going to make this your one-stop shop for all of your influence and persuasion needs and you'll be and you could spend your whole life doing this. But if all you had was the echo technique and the emotional bonding checklist you will be well ahead of all the competition okay.

So we're going to include in this a special weapons of mass instruction home study course this is our scientific and seductive storytelling secrets it's based on the neuroscience of story and narrative persuasion one of the most powerful forms of influence in the world it has really changed the course of the world is known as um is storytelling and metaphor right. Everything in your mind everything in your brain is in the form of a narrative and when i was you know when i was coming up through the ranks in nlp and hypnosis and things like that i would constantly hear people talking about story this and story that metaphor this and meta for that and every time i would buy us a a course on storytelling or um how to you know metaphors or whatever i would get the same rehash stuff it always left me feeling like this there's there's not there's no. Meat here it's like it's like the hero's journey again and again and. So i just you know and after after buying like my fourth or fifth course and coming away feeling like there was something just something was not there something was missing i realized that if i wanted to find a course that would teach me what i needed to know to be good at story out in the real world i was going to have to create it and.

So that's what i did and i went to the neuroscience i went to the the uh the corporate storytellers the people of the the the sales storytellers i looked at the neuroscience behind it and i discovered that there are five categories of story or five kinds of influence that you can deliver with a story the. First one is called stories of connection these are short little vignettes that you can whip out in a line at starbucks that you can do in a line at a movie theater if we ever get back to them you can do it over a zoom call you can just whip out these little stories and create massive connection with people in just a few minutes there's what we call alpha stories alpha stories are stories that are designed to persuade they're designed to inspire and motivate they're used in leadership they're used in sales um they're used in rhetorical uh persuasion these are these are things that have more persuasion pushed to them right. But. Then there's another category of story which i thought was one of the coolest categories since sliced bread these are called omega stories omega stories are stories that eliminate resistance to persuasion.

So think about the alpha versus omega alpha story we have a big old filing cabinet right. And i and i'm trying to push it right. And i can't push it because it's too damn heavy there's too much resistance right. So what do i do i go get a couple of guys to help me pick it up and carry it or help me push it across the room that's an alpha story an omega story removes resistance to the persuasion or to the to the resistance.

So here's how it works right. Let's say i got this big old filing cabinet right. And i need to push it. But i don't have anybody to help me right.

So what do i do i get some rollers a dolly or i get some some oil i put it on the floor it removes the friction and now i can push that load that persuasion or influence load by myself very very easily the nice thing about omega stories is that they they resolve and dissolve resistance in the background without ever being perceived as an attempt at influencing people okay. And there are six elements that go into these stories that make them neurologically irresistible to the human being in fact just hearing that somebody's going to tell you a story caught triggers a process in your brain that causes the hemispheres of your brain to entrain with the mind of the storyteller just the hint of it the more that story goes on and the more entrained you become the more you start to predict what's going to happen. Next. So.

Finally you're rushing ahead that's massive massive neurological report entrainment and it's never perceived as an attempted influence some of the most powerful persuaders on the planet guys like jerry spence he's undefeated in the legal world all he does is tell stories right. We will show you how to build these things what to put in them how to test them we'll give you a checklist that you can actually present your story to people and they can actually give you a rating of how powerful that story is based on these six criteria. So you can if you do focus groups or you work with a legal profession or marketing or advertising you can rate the power of your stories right. And.

Then there's one. Last module and we call this ninja stories ninja stories one of the the aspects of story work that is. So cool is that in addition to all the power that the story itself has is that it also can serve as a delivery mechanism for other persuasion amplifiers. So if you come from an nlp or a neuro linguistic background you can do embedded commands you can do analog marking you can do uh behavioral primes you can do semantic primes you can do quotes pat because all these things that you can build into a story that amplify its persuasion impact.

But also give the unconscious mind instructions for what to do. Next we call that that module ninja stories and in that module we actually deconstruct transcripts of very famous speakers who are utilizing these nlp tactics when they present you that get you rushing to the back of the stage to buy everything that they're selling right. Or offering you will show you the embedded commands we'll show you the confusion patterns we'll show you the semantic and behavioral priming and we'll teach it to you in such a way that you can do it and the fastest way to build your business is public speaking one most powerful things you can do from a public speaking stage is tell stories. So we'll show you from soup to nuts how to connect and prime people and all points in between we're giving this to you absolutely free as part of the secrets of home secrets of human influence home study course total value if you were to buy it on the website which i don't think you can right.

Now is one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're going to give it to you absolutely free total value. So far what we've been talking about is four thousand four hundred and forty seven dollars when you register for the package before the end of the webinar another course that we're gonna we're gonna give you is called the renegade reframing how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds. So let me ask you this question what if any time somebody had an objection to what you wanted them to do tried to argue with you or had a belief that was uh against whatever you wanted what if you had at least 14 different ways to overcome or beat that objection would that be useful if you could anticipate if somebody said i don't believe this and you just whipped out one of these patterns and all of a sudden their belief crumbled and they bought into the belief you were espousing would that be useful type yes. If you think that's useful we're going to teach you all 14 patterns you see uh 20 30 years ago richard bandler used to challenge his nlp students nlp richard bannon was one of the creative founders behind neuro-linguistic programming when he was teaching his students he would say try to reframe me and and he would he would challenge them to try and change or overcome his living belief using a meta model something called the meta model right.

And he would use these 14 patterns to just decimate his students any time they tried to attack him or make him believe a certain thing he would whip out one of these patterns and their attack would just crumble now one of richard's students robert dilts realized that there was a structure to what richard was doing and he categorized what richard was doing into 14 distinct ways of structuring your language to attack and overcome any belief to reframe it from the inside from the outside and when you stack these things it creates a very suggestible state in the minds of the person and they just tend to buy in to whatever you're saying it's very very powerful and it's in if you do any kind of marketing or copywriting or anything like that one of the things they teach you is that when you're writing sales copy you should think about what possible objections your prospective customer or client may have and answer those objections before they get a chance to be asked if you have these 14 patterns under your belt that means anytime you can think up a potential objection or the the client comes up with a potential objection which by the way if you're using the emotional bonding checklist 99 chance you won't get them. But if you screw it up and you need to recover this is where you go right. You have at least 14 different answers for anything somebody throws at you right. For those of you who are getting attacked by narcissists uh manipulators things of that nature these are your silver bullets these are your magic bullets that allow you to just turn the tables on them right.

You can do this in a very loving heart-centered way or you can be very aggressive and and combative with it and really draw your boundaries and and rebuff these people it's it goes either way it's up to you and how you use it it's a 1950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free as part of the ultra persuasion home study course training package it's combined value of 6 397 when you register before the end of the webinar okay. But we're not done yet okay. We're not done yet we're also going to throw in a special course this is one of my favorite courses to teach it's called charisma on command just uh by a show of hands or actually not by showing i'm sorry um by typing in the chat how many of you are coaches or or do any kind of public speaking or presenting or want to do it as a way to build your business just. So i know [Music] because if okay.

Here's what i tell all my students and and i i i believe this from the bottom of my heart i've proven it over and over and over again the fastest most cost effective way to build your business is through public speaking okay. Charisma on command is all about the hypnotic approach to public speaking now it is not a course on stage hypnosis at all it is a course on how to leverage and and deploy hypnotic technique from the stage for the purposes of teaching your audience is better of inspiring them of motivating them and priming them to want to take the. Next level with you if you want to be like guys like t harvecker or mark victor hansen or lisa sassovich or robert allen or tony robbins that has people running stampeding to the back of the auditorium to sign up for a consult or a a course or whatever this is the course you want because what i've discovered um through trial and error and investing a lot of money is that a lot of these people do have courses on how to be speakers and trainers and they will teach you things like how to create an offer how to find your ideal client how to um create a press kit these are all things that everybody teaches right. And we teach you them too.

But there's something they're holding back and that is the pers the system behind the system the secret behavioral primes the embedded commands the spatial anchors the nested loops how they stack their stories how they choose their stories right. The sequence that they use these stories that um prime people to behave a certain way. So if you you know you heard me talking earlier about our storytelling secrets course this is where they overlap because in this module as well will once again break down the structure of guys like t harvecker will show you all the things that they're doing that they're not teaching their trainers. So that you can decide if you want to use them or at the very least when you go to these high level presenters you at least recognize what's being done and you have more of a choice as to whether to let them affect you now we're going to give this to you it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free okay.

Total value. So far as eight thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars when you register before the end of the webinar okay. So let's just recap what we've got for you. So far the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion home study course you're gonna get the 17 video seven stage universal persuasion protocol in-depth module modular training video and manual 2 700 uh 779 value you're going to get the killer influence master text with all the extra modules in addition to the the chapters on this universal persuasion protocol as well as the drills and skills that go with it it's a 418 value we're going to give you a three month access to our nlp power mastermind mentoring program which we'll talk about in just a moment we're going to give you the weapons of mass instruction neuroscience neuroscientific storytelling secrets it's recorded live it comes with a full manual and i think it's 10 or 15 or 20 videos something like that it was a it was a very in-depth course you'll get that it's a 1950 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get renegade reframing objection obliteration and the art of speed conversational belief change how to overcome any objection in seconds it's a 1950 value and what's cool about this this particular course by the way i didn't mention it earlier it comes with a card game a card game that you can play uh it's called the reframe game.

So a person will establish a say a belief or an objection they'll throw down a card and the person they throw the card at just like in uno. Will have to use that card and that that pattern to overcome the belief and if they if they succeed. Then they get to attack back and they just go back and forth like a game of reframe war uh it's a lot of fun and it really drives these patterns in. So that they become very very instinctive and responsive to you people have a lot of fun with that it's included as part of this training program you just cut it out or print it out cut it up and you're good to go and.

Finally we're going to throw the charisma on command hypnotic presentation skills for public speakers and presenters it's a thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value total value of this package if you were to go to the website today and buy it which you can't because most of these products are not available to the public just yet is eight thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars. But it's a quote the late great ron popeil today i'd like to give you the best deal humanly possible there is more. So for today you won't have to pay 8 347 not at all no. We're not even going to charge you 6 347 we're not going to charge you 5 347. we're not going to charge you 3 347. we're not going to charge you 2 347. in fact for every single thing we talked about today the 17 video universal persuasion protocol all the modules the killer influence home study course and master text 2497 value the neuroscientific storytelling secrets 1950 value the renegade reframing out of conversational belief change uh 1 950 value and charisma on command you get it all for one low one-time investment of just 9.97 that's it one installment 997 gets you every single thing all the information i talked about you start from the basics and you move to the advanced level you can go from persuasion zero to persuasion hero in a couple of short weeks now remember something these courses are awesome they work.

But if you don't use the techniques if you don't do the drills you ain't gonna get the skills. So only invest in this program if you're committed to not just learning. But doing and for those of you who need a little help we can also break that down into three easy installments of just 397 and you can start downloading and going through this material today. So if you want to get started now we people were already asking.

But you can go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go [Music] if you need a payment plan uh reach out to stephanie at 858 282 4663 i think you can also do a payment plan uh through that page 858-282-4663 if you need to talk to stephanie give her a call if the line is busy if you leave your name and phone number you will qualify for all the bonuses even if it takes us a little while to get back to you if you don't pick up if she doesn't pick up right. Away keep calling okay. And if you because if you don't leave your name you don't leave your number. Then this this offer expires when i log off the webinar today.

So if you want to be sure to get included in any of the bonuses and any of the benefits please please please please please i would hate to see and miss out on this please please please if you don't get through to stephanie right. Away leave your name leave your phone number okay. Um yeah. So yeah all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and you're uh you're good to go i'm going to put that in the youtube chat room just one more time just to make sure he got it right.

Okay. Those of you who may be on the fence i just want you to know you don't got to believe anything i've told you. So far get the course try it for 90 days if after 90 days you're not making more money closing more deals beating more people creating more connections moving your life towards the life you want the way you want if you're not feeling more secure and confident in your ability and willingness to interact with people in winning social encounters and becoming that charisma magnet we talked about i'll refund every cent give it a full 90 days if it doesn't do what i say it's going to do pick up the phone give stephanie a call we will refund your money and we will let you we'll allow you to keep the course for yourself uh as our gift of saying hey thanks for giving us a shot now please don't be one of those hit and run people who who buy it and. Then immediately return it after they get access to the course we know who you are we do track you right.

But if you legitimately and please in that 90 days if you're having a sticking point call recall us reach out we we handle this all the time people come out call with questions and get 99 of their questions answered in a way that gets them back on track after that one phone call. So. But if after 90 days of putting this stuff to the test it's not delivering the results you want that stephanie know and we will happily and regretfully refund your money. But and we'll let you keep the courses okay.

I'm looking for ethical people here because this stuff is this in unethical hands this stuff can be dangerous right. So i like to think i train the good guys right. Or good girls as it is okay. So all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and we will get you started just as fast as humanly possible now lest you think i'm done if what i told you wasn't already amazing enough for the.

Next 15 people 15 people only who grabbed your course before march 9th 2021 i'm gonna give you some very special fast action bonuses and here's what you're also going to get this is only for the. Next 15 people now if you've already ordered your course you qualify as one of the. First 15 okay. Because you were the fast action takers you get all the goodies all right.

So. First thing we're going to include we talked about this earlier is we're going to give you a three a free three month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring group practice archive now let me explain what this is for you this is not a certification track what we do the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is the longest-running hands-on nlp practice group in the world it's been running continuously non-stop since 2010 we meet on the. Third saturday of every month on the. Third saturday every month we get together either physically in person or virtually since called spin virtually.

But we will be going back to live events as soon as everybody's vaccinated and we can go back out and i literally go around the room and i say theresa what do you want to learn bernie what do you want to learn seth what do you want to learn uh stephanie what do you want to learn and i literally write down on my board what it is they want to learn when everybody's done i look. At what's on the board i create a lesson plan on the spot where they all connect and intersect and for the. Next four hours the. Next four hours i drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep right.

Some of you are in our diamond level program some of you in our platinum programs right. And you've been able to participate in some of those virtual trainings they are awesome they are not going to give you a certificate they are designed for one purpose and one purpose only to spot check pressure test and troubleshoot your persuasion skills. So you come in you have a problem you gotta fix something's messing you up you let us know what it is we we build that into the lesson plan and we drill you on those skills for the. Next four hours sometimes up to eight hours until you can do them in your sleep you go out into the world you apply your techniques you come back on the.

Third saturday of. Next month what do you want to learn and. Then we just build on that right. So you aren't going to get a certificate from the mastermind.

But you are going to get a skill set right. And that's what it's for it's only for people who want to be with people who are who are cool people who like to do cool stuff to actually roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills you do not need any experience to participate we don't care if you've been in hypnosis 20 years or 20 minutes all we care about is that you have a good attitude a sincere desire to do the drills and get the skills and have fun right. Because that's what it's about if you're not being effective and you're not having fun you might as well not do it that's just how i look. At it okay.

So we're going to give you a three-month trial membership. But it gets better than that you can try it out for three months if you like it stay if you don't leave. But for the. Last 10 years going on 11 years now since 2010 we have been videotaping every single one of those mastermind mentoring sessions and we've archived them in three places we've archived them on the nlp power website we've archived them in our live private facebook.

Group and we've archived the newer ones on our youtube platform and. So not only will you get three months of unlimited access to us personally we will give you complete access to the entire 10-year archive if there's something you want to know the answer to it's probably somewhere in those archives and we cover everything from energy healing to trauma resolution to how to write better copy to how to memorize better learn faster instant and rapid inductions hypnotic language patterns neural linguistic programming it's like color psychology holographic you name it if it has something to do with mind and body empowerment it's in there right. I will warn you up front that because every month it was what you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn there's no. Real organization other than the content at the beginning of each video for that day.

But if you want to binge watch hundreds of hours of never released content on the full spectrum of human influence from self work to other people work to trans personal work that is worth its weight in gold it truly is i'm very proud of that archive um and most of it has never been released on youtube or any other format okay. So that you're gonna get a three-month trial if you like it stay if you don't hey had a great you got a great ride you got to work out and meet some really cool people who like to do the same cool stuff you do and that's what it's about right. Apologize my uh my microphone is bumping into my desk there and kind of screwing things up yours free right. When you're one of the.

Next 15 people to register for the training and all you gotta do to do that is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go um. But there's more for those of you who really want to get started today we're going to include the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course this is a 997 value it's a distillation from the killer influence in cpi systems it goes into the seven most powerful language patterns on the planet it will teach you instant and rapid hypnotic inductions uh lie detection it will also teach you uh there's some special modules in there on a language boot camp that i was doing back when i was teaching uh for the sleepwalkers there's also courses on anchoring as well as criterion values or emotional bonding checklist in that course it's a 997 dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you're one of the. Next 15 people to register for the secrets of human influence home study course total combined value if you could go to the website today and buy it which you can't it's only available through this webinar it's 9 938. But of course you're not going to pay that now some of you are already asking about this now remember you at the beginning of our training i said if you had a choice between buying a video or going to a live event which one would be the best bang for your buck and i said live events here's what i'm doing even though covent made pretty much every location on the planet inhospitable and inappropriate accessible to live events we have been doing live events every single month since the lockdown started we've been doing them in las vegas for a little bit smaller crowds more intimate settings.

But we're still doing them for those of you who are one of the. Next 15 people to take advantage of the killer influence secrets of ultra persuasion home study course we're going to issue you a free vip super ticket this will give you free admission to any single live event of your choice some restrictions do apply in our 2021 2022 calendar okay. So let me explain a little bit about how the vip ticket works uh i'm going to pop you guys want me to pop back to face-to-face mode or you guys want me to keep the the slide panel up just type in which one you would prefer okay. All right.

Well let me i'll just go ahead and explain this. Then. So the way the vip ticket works is that um as long as you have the prerequisites to a class and most of our courses do not have prerequisites um let's say you want to come to our killer influence training. Next week which is the march 17th through the 20th you decide you want to go all you do is you pick up the phone you call stephanie you let her know and she will put you at the head of the list if something comes up at the.

Last minute let's say you're getting ready to go to killer influence. Next week on march 17th and all of a sudden your boss makes you work the lockdowns get worse and you can't travel all you do is you pick up the phone you give stephanie a call we will move you to another training that you can get to you do not lose your ticket okay. Let's say at the. Last minute you get the time off from work and you you want to come to a training all you do is pick up the phone you let stephanie know we'll find you a seat even if it's sold out okay.

You have that ticket it does not expire until you use it. So if you get this ticket today as part of your package and it takes you two years three years to come to a live event it's still good you can just pick up the phone let stephanie know we will move you to the head of the class even if it's sold out okay. The only restriction is is if there's a class that you want to come to that has a prerequisite let's say you want to come to our nlp certification well to become certified in nlp through my my program you must be an awesome hypnotist. First.

So you have to have gone through identity by design or cpi or killer influence. First before we'll let you into an nlp class we prefer identity by design right. Um. But let's say you want to or you want to come to vibrational influence which requires killer influence as a as a prerequisite right.

We will ask you to take those courses. First before coming to those classes. But with very few exceptions that vip ticket is good for pretty much any training on our calendar and if we add a training those trainings are included as well. So you have it until you use it if something comes up at the.

Last minute you just move to another training if you want to come to a training at the. Last minute we'll find a spot for you the price point of the seminar doesn't matter anymore if you if you're let's say you're one of our european crowd and you're off um you know we're doing everything in british pound sterling or euros right. And we're doing 1950 euros or 2250 euros at the door if you have one of our special vip tickets you just walk right. In doesn't matter what the price of the seminar is you get to come free.

So if you have a friend that you would like to introduce or bring along to a training you can gift that ticket to them and they can get it and they can make use of it okay. It's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free as a way to round out your training as a way for you to get the biggest bang for your buck and to let you experience the difference between learning on video and getting it live and you get the best of both worlds because once you learn this live and you go back and you review those videos you're going to see and hear and understand things way different than the. First time you viewed them and that's what's cool because you'll come back to those videos with a higher sense of understanding and ability to do them total value for this package is eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty eight dollars all you've got to do to take advantage of this and get that free bi ticket if you want the. Next 15 people total value is eight thousand eleven thousand eight hundred eighty eight dollars to grab this amazing package right.

Secrets of human influence home study course two thousand seventy nine dollar value killer influence master text 418 value we're going to give it to you free weapons of mass instruction storytelling secrets home study course free 1950 value weapons of mass instruction i'm sorry objection obliteration 1 950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free charisma and conversion this is the hypnotic persuasion skills for uh presenters and public speakers 1 950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free three months of the nlp power mastermind mentoring program 594 value actually a lot more we're going to give it to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course 997 dollars absolutely free and. Finally the cherry on the sunday that vip super ticket you get your choice of any single live event in our 2021-2022 calendar and if it takes you longer to get to a live event that that ticket is good until you use it it's a 1950 value could be up to a 2 250 value depending on which course you choose and when you choose it we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you're one of the. Next 15 people to register for this package total value 990 i'm sorry uh one load installment of 997 or you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 all you got to do to get it is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and you'll be ready to rock and roll okay. Anybody have any questions about uh about anything i've talked about we're going to take a five-minute break and.

Then we're going to come back and we're going to continue to teach i told you i would continue to teach afterwards yeah if you need if you have any questions you can reach out to brandon or you can reach out to stephanie nlpower.com i'll put that in the chat eight five eight two eight two four six six three or stephanie okay. We're gonna take a uh let's let's take a seven minute bathroom break when we come back i will answer whatever questions you have and we will go deeper into some of your biggest sticking points or questions and do some demos um about the things we covered at the beginning of the webinar does that sound like a sound like a plan are we good with that type yes. If you're good with that cool all right. So it is 5 50 now by my clock let's come back at 5 57 and we will continue to teach until you're tired of me all right.

We'll talk to you in a minute and for those of you while you're you know while we're on our break if anybody has any questions um i'm happy to uh to do it to do any q a um while we're uh we're waiting for you know the break to be over we got about three minutes do you only do live shows in las vegas actually um we are working very very hard on uh doing some uh some events in florida and we're now that texas has opened up we're considering texas as well um um actually one of my good friends chase hughes uh has asked if i if we could team up to do an event in florida we're still we're probably going to do that sometime in september um. But we're still in the in the in the planning phases of that brennan bennett molesbury asked do you or did you use this stuff with your wife yes. I do both what's what's this funny because my wife knew what i was doing because i taught her um. But yeah she uh she's fully trained in this stuff i should come to atlanta uh i was i was just in virginia uh back in december um we would go to atlanta if there was a big enough uh a big enough uh following big enough demand for it sam galenberger asked are there any live events may 25th through may 30th stephanie do we have anything planned may 25th through may 30th kate diazenko says i use it on my husband and i do my best to teach him to use it too honestly understanding how to use the things in this webinar will only make your life better if you use them with your partner now granted you shouldn't use it to take advantage of your partner.

But you can use it to really uh lubricate and and uh deepen the relationship and the level of understanding and connection that you have i think these skills are these skills should be taught in high school honestly because if we if we had these skills in high school or even grade school you know um the the relationships that we could create and and the lives we could have are you know it's it's it's really it's it's a game changer it's a total game changer i can't even begin to imagine how good things would be as a byproduct of this training right. Egrnhl says how do you offer something to the other person i feel i have little to offer the. First thing to understand is you have to set context what do they want in that context and. Then talk about it talk about it the way they do and.

Then find the aspects of yourself or what you do that directly satisfies that if there's no. Fit send them somewhere else. But if there is a fit use their words to describe the aspect of yourself that satisfies it and they'll want to spend more time with you gm gms are there any techniques to reduce or completely relieve pain associated with lab tests hospital tests or vaccinations yes. 100 go to my youtube channel type in instant emergency pain relief and you will find an hour or a 90 minute video on exactly what to do and how to do it okay.

So seth breitbart says cpi 4 is an unspecified date in may that's the only class scheduled for that month. So far. So what it looks like uh sam is that there will be a training in may we have not set the dates. But if if we do it will be a cpi4 which is hypnotic presentation skills if you want to get into cpi 4 you have to have completed killer influence four day boot camp or cpi level one boot camp um fortunately for you there is a four-day killer influence training that starts march 17th in las vegas if you want to take advantage of that you can absolutely uh qualify for cpi4 in may uh matthew s hold on a.

Second there's some other questions coming in here um let me let me go ahead and let me just start answering some questions really quick oh we're a minute over david is ketamine a valid choice for trauma resolution or do you suggest a course um i don't know what you're using ketamine for as far as i know it's not often used for trauma. So i don't know that i could recommend either one i recommend if you've got trauma that you want to resolve that you seek out a qualified therapist either someone trained in hypnotherapy someone trained in neuro-linguistic programming a psychotherapist things of that nature if you're interested in the use of drugs you should probably check in with a psychiatrist or medical doctor to see what's going to be veterans veteran affairs is using off label okay. Ketamine can make you extremely suggestible uh. So it could be leveraged hypnotically.

But i i i'm gonna stick with the answers check with your physician right. Uh will jones is asking can you talk about the three types of verbal communication uh will can you elaborate on what you mean by the three types of verbal communication if you can clarify what you're saying i could happily talk about it uh let's see here um [Music]. So why do you do this to me is asking can you teach us how to self-hypnotize to maximize our specific learning of what you talk about and show us yes. I can that's not the that's not the focus of today's webinar.

But if you go to the youtube channel and you look. Up a video i published. Last month i guided people through a self-hypnosis process that you can use to give yourself suggestions and things like that has a picture of me as a picture of pirates in the background that will teach you exactly what you need to know egr says uh does this work when introducing yourself at conferences it works everywhere it works anytime language is involved and if you have the killer influence training uh you can do things that don't require info don't require language the entire cpi system is about linguistics. So if you're talking to people in writing or verbally this will work um hold on a.

Second what kind of precise method to prime the mind to fully absorb what you teach specifically um there's a bunch of them there's a bunch of them does square breathing work for anxiety gm uh it works for about fifty percent of the people about fifty percent of the people who do square breathing get a really uh get a decrease in their level of anxiety about fifty percent of the people who do square breathing actually increases their anxiety. So you would have to test it buffer must say what kind of exercises can i use if stressed or in a freeze mode in a conversation or stressful situation change your posture change your breathing move your eyes. Laterally to the left and to the right. Multiple times that will stimulate that will move your brain out of reptile freeze mode and you'll be able to respond more um more assertively barbara says i got angry when reading aloud my answers now what now we need to unpack what what um whether your your emotional triggers or towards or away from and why there's a part of you that wants something different or gets angry about it okay.

There's probably some trauma that needs to be unpacked there barbara um bridgey pray to god. But for monsters how do i prevent getting frozen when frustrated or not expecting a question or comment same thing change your posture change your breathing look. Immediately to your right. Immediately to your left six or seven times that will shake you out of fight or flight mode and you'll be able to respond more more powerfully uh people are saying my camera's not on well okay.

Fine i'll put my camera on is that better right. I was just showing the package. But yeah we can do that okay. Are these are these answers useful are they helping okay.

Cool um kate clawson says ketamine is a dissociative drug it paralyzes the body. But you can still hear your surroundings. But cannot react depending on the dose we use it in animals for surgery yeah i i think if you're using it as a hypnagogue in other words if you're using it as a way to bypass the critical faculty it could be useful depending on what modalities you're using it with. But my my gut response is to stay away from drugs to deal with trauma that's that's a slippery slope at best nolan richards says what exercises could you use to practice the things you've taught today uh control your state control exercises the um in fact we're going to do the emotional bonding drill.

Next. So you guys will have the actual technique um joe gagne says my girlfriend is about to lose her dad to cancer she already deals with depression anxiety she doesn't believe in any type of therapy nor does she have a belief system is there anything i can do yes. You can use um reframes from like the objection obliteration course you can use story and metaphor to remove resistance to her persuasion you can use the the resistance removal recipe to make her more open to take doing something she just said she didn't want to do and for you i think i would start with again it really depends on what your skill set is i assume you have no. Skill sets.

So i would start with the resistance removal protocol to get her to generate a reason for doing what she just said she didn't want to do if i had other skill sets like i knew how to tell stories i would tell stories about people who had similar processes similar experiences made different decisions and wound up coming out better for it okay. Stories like i said when they're when they're deployed properly stories are never perceived as a direct attempt at persuading and influencing people it changes people's ideas in the background it's very very powerful. But there's an art inside there's an art and a science to it and. So um if you have skill sets like cpi one or killer influence i would say go right.

Into storytelling and metaphor and and change it that way and. Then hit them either before or after with the resistance removal protocol which we can cover in this training if people want. But we have done several trainings on it already and i would recommend you reference those um that's where i would go to be honest and. Then seek out somebody who she trusts as a therapist and have her pick the therapist let's see here um does the double breathing work with slower exhale for anxiety i don't know what double breathing is okay.

Bridge e says i was in a fight i was in this fight in flight mode when i mysteriously bumped into an x. Last week okay. Change your posture change your breathing create space physically between you and them look. To the left and right.

Multiple times it'll shake your neurology out of fight or flight mode gm says what are the best power poses what do you suggest for best staying present in conversations when working on or improving reading people and using the techniques the best power poses i think are the ones that allow you to be the most comfortable i like the victory pose a lot we use it a lot in our trainings. But a lot of people have shoulder issues and. So they tend to do the wonder woman pose which works really really well okay. Kate's asking is burst breathing good for getting out of fight or flight mode in general yes.

Yeah anything with breath work will get you out of fight or flight breath work and posture are the fastest ways to change the adrenaline dump in your body and the parts of your brain that you're working from [Music] how do you know if stories are appropriate to the situation it's almost impossible for a story to be inappropriate as long as it's contextually relevant and the person in the story can relate to the protagonist in the story. So if you're going to tell a story about somebody who had a parent or a loved one dying of cancer or died of cancer make sure the protagonist is as close as possible to the person you're talking to. So if you're talking to a female in her 30s talk about a friend of yours who was you know you met in your 30s or who was 30 or 36 or 37 or whatever because the more you can get the person listening to identify with the hero of the story the protagonist of the story the more will bypass their critical faculty and they'll just associate into it and live vicariously the experience that you're describing okay. Uh male mdfk how to become more subtle in echo techniques.

So that you don't get caught we can talk about that actually are there power poses we talked about that already there's a ton of ton of questions okay. Excellent. So um based on everything that people are asking about what do you want to do. Next we can talk about ways to hide the echo technique we can talk about the resistance removal protocol that i just mentioned we can go deeper into the emotional bonding checklist if you want to um what do you guys want to focus on today this is this is is the card game available a la carte no.

It is not it is only available as part of the uh the objection mastery uh home study course great question though i've asked people have asked me to make it available um emotional checklist okay. Kate says i get concerned i'll get caught if i make the character in the story match the person i'm trying to influence too closely. Then make something else match make the situation. But really most people won't they won't catch you you know.

So that reminds me my friend lois lois was about your age and her mom you know make them instead of a dad make it a mom right. Change changing the story a little bit that it's it comes across as a different story. But enough that they can identify with it okay. You can still get a high degree of um transportation as the technical term you can still get a high degree of transportation by telling a story that a person is that is not an exact fit.

But the more elements you can build into that story that match that person's life the more rapidly they're going to turn off their critical faculty and live vicariously the experience you're describing and that's what changes them by the way it's called the thorndike effect when you tell a story and you tell it well their brain goes in like i said before their brain starts to go into entrainment mode with you and they will start uh living the experience you're describing as if it's happening to them okay. Tony says will you be sending out a record i'm assuming you're recording zooming i've only been just able to join now yes. There will be a replay available uh some of the benefit of some of the bonuses that we talked about uh earlier on will not be available if you're learning from the uh or if you're getting this on a replay. But um.

But yeah the yeah you can get the information for sure i wouldn't worry about being too overt kate because if you're telling a good story you'll suck them in right. The only time you'll get caught is if you're worried about getting caught okay. Don't believe me just play with it right. You can even do you can and i know you haven't had like uh cpi 4 or cdpi 2 where we talk about uh the fantastic four there's a thing we in in cpi 2 and cpi 4 which is the weapons of mass instruction and the charisma and conversion we call quotes pattern a quotes pattern is a way of creating emotional distance between you and the subject of the story.

So you don't have to talk about your friend you could talk about your friend who had a friend who was talking about this that the other thing and the more the more you start quoting other people the more you start changing perspective and adding layers of emotional distance from from the story they'll still be sucked into it. But they won't connect it quite as directly that you're making it up directed to directly influence them you'll be talking about somebody else's experience based on somebody else what somebody told you. So that's quotes patterns you'll learn about that in cpi too you'll learn about that in uh cpi four which is uh weapons of mass instruction which is the storytelling course as well as the uh charisma conversion of course well it it is the way erickson spoke the problem was that most of the people who teach the way erickson spoke didn't teach how what erickson was doing you know they didn't teach you how he did what he did right. And.

So it's very important that we understand the mechanics of what's going on right. Uh i studied guys like david gordon i studied guys like harlan kilstein who actually wrote his doctoral dissertation on story work um and even they kind of glossed over some really important aspects of why stories powerful how it works uh and how to build these things which is the problem is you got to know how to you gotta know how to construct these things from the ground up they didn't yeah exactly and that's what see that's what again like i said i was. So frustrated with the story courses i was taking that i realized that nobody was doing what needed to be done from my perspective and. So i created the course i would have wanted to take and uh and that's pretty much the truth about every single thing i've talked to you about today i didn't invent any of this stuff for you guys i invented it for me because i had problems i wanted to solve i have things i wanted and i was frustrated with the the how much sorry how much was being taught around these you know one or two gold nuggets of pure actionable information and and.

So i just started collecting nuggets until i had enough to create something that was systematic for me and turns out a lot of people had the same problem have you ever come out of an nlp course or a hypnosis course saying oh that was cool how do i use it or everybody knows more than me or there's something there's something missing welcome to the world you know um oh thank you thank you kate um. Anyway. So you guys want to talk about the emotional bonding checklist a little bit more would that be cool is that where you guys want to go okay. Um hold on a.

Second here i seen one more question i'll see one more question in the youtube channel and. Then i'll i'll go back to uh teaching okay. There's some kind of weird legal discussion going on here. Anyway all right.

So let's get back to the emotional bonding checklist and i'll actually do a quick demo for you uh into how that works okay. But let's look. At this um from a structural standpoint let me give you a template to follow. So when we start looking at the emotional bonding checklist when we start deploying this in the field we're going to use a couple of things we're going to talk about the the master echo sequence the master echo sequence you make this bigger for you goes like this echo validate echo ask again pay attention.

So write this down if you haven't written this down if you haven't picked this up from other trainings that we've done this is how you organically conversationally employ the echo technique in any situation or circumstance whether you're doing three magic questions protocol which generates attraction trust and liking in any stranger you meet whether you're using this in the um the emotional bonding checklist process which we're going to dive deeply into this is the sequence that you use okay. You ask your you know. So when we talk about the emotional bonding checklist someone comes to you let's say they want to buy a house right. So the context is buy a house right.

So the. First thing we're going to ask is what's important to you about the perfect house okay. What's important to you about the perfect house right. This is where you start to drill down on that checklist we talked about you say how do you know when a house is perfect and i'm asking here is what does it have right.

That's in essence what that question is about what are the elements or what are the criteria let's say attributes okay. So you're going to ask again it starts with the context you ask them uh well. So i'm curious just. So i understand you better call that a softener we'll talk about softeners after we get the core part down.

So we have a softener which is a reason why we're going to ask them the question we're about to ask them okay. So i'm curious just. So i understand you better you know what's important to you about the perfect house if you could imagine your perfect house what is it like what does it absolutely have to have to be perfect for you and they're going to give you a list of attributes it's when i type it out it looks a whole lot more complicated than it actually is they're going to give you a list of attributes that go directly to the perfect house for them okay. What are you going to do the moment they give you that list of attributes.

So let's say they have you know attribute one is big kitchen right. Lots of bathrooms right. Uh big backyard right. So they've just given you this list of stuff right.

Let me just change the color here what are you going to do you're going to echo it. So it might sound something like this let me just role play this for you real quick. So uh mr prospect when you think about the perfect house for you you can imagine envision it right. Because my job as as your realtor is to find you a home the home that is the perfect fit for what you need and want that will make you the happiest person on the planet for your family for yourself.

So when you imagine that perfect home what does it have what do you see what do you hear what do you feel right. What is that perfect house and. Then mr prospect might say well you know when i think about my house there are three things that always came up for me one was it had this big kitchen right. Big kitchen i wanna have some big kitchen and i want a big backyard and i want lots of bathrooms lots of bathrooms okay.

And you would say as the realtor said oh. So you want a big backyard big kitchen lots of bathrooms. So i'm curious big kitchen sounds like there's a story there what's uh what's important to you just. So i understand you better what's what's important to you about having a big kitchen he goes well look.

Growing up i had a big family mom was always cooking and we had this big kitchen and and every night the entire we had a big family the entire family would come together holidays everybody gathered around the kitchen table eating and joking and playing it was just the kitchen was was the place where every everybody got to connect and and see people you loved and share things and and and to me the the kitchen has always been the heart of our family and i think it's important that i want to continue that tradition i want my family to experience what i experienced growing up oh i see. So when you were growing up the kitchen was the heart of the family it was where everybody got together eating having a good time connecting and you really want to pass that experience on to your family yeah absolutely perfect. So curious just. So i understand you better big lots of bathrooms what's going on with that look.

I got a big family right. When you got a big family and you got two bathrooms there's a weight and i don't want to wait you know when you gotta go you gotta go you know what i'm saying when you've got people gotta leave in the morning and you gotta wait for a shower or or a bathroom you know to you it's it's a problem. So a lot of bathrooms gotta have big family big kitchen a lot of bathrooms oh i see. So when you get up in the morning you don't have to wait for the toilet to take a shower to do whatever you don't when you gotta go you gotta go right.

Absolutely all right. Big bathrooms it is right. So big backyard what's what's behind that just. So again i know it sounds weird.

But as your realtor my job is to make you happy and i need to make sure that i know how to give you what you want. So just. So i understand big backyard what's behind that what's that going to do for you well big family going to have a lot of kids got to have a lot of grandkids right. And i and i intend to to hold on to this house for a long time i expect to have lots of people playing and things like that and i like to do things in the backyard i like to have people over i like to party i like to connect with people and i want a place for my kids to be safe and my grandkids to be safe oh well obviously big backyard you're going to have a big family lots of kids you want kids to be safe in the backyard i get that you know you entertain a lot of people connect with people totally get that i i think i know exactly the house or set up houses for you i've got at least four houses right.

Now that have huge kitchens lots of bathrooms and big backyards. So that your family can come together and the children can play safely you're gonna have lots of bathrooms. So there won't be any waiting uh you know at least minimal waiting for you and. Finally you're gonna have that big kitchen.

So that your family can get together and and create that heart of the family that heart of connection for everybody i got four properties right. Off the top of my head that i think would be perfect for you how soon would you like to go and uh and check those out um can we go now right. Okay. What did you notice from that from that role play type it in the chat it will seem obvious to you because you are not experiencing it brandon that's one of the big things that freaks people out is that the person you're doing it to won't realize it i need to be a real estate dealer right.

I'll tell you how many of you have ever heard my israel story just if you have i did right. If you go back once again and you again you won't be able to do this right. Now because we're on a live video. But when you go back on the replay when you go back on the replay pay attention to this how many times did i do this they i asked them a question they said something i repeated it back i agreed with them i validated what they said i repeated it and.

Then i asked them another question usually i echoed them while i was asking in the form of the question right. And i paid attention to the responses right. Uh let me look. At my youtube people how many of you on my youtube channel have ever heard my my israel story my echo israel story okay.

Would you like to hear it again if type yes. If you want to hear it if not i'll just move on okay. Youtubers are saying i've heard it too many times the people in the in the uh okay. So back in 2012 i was invited by essence security come and work with their vps their um their marketing people and they're r d people because they're having breakdowns in communication and.

So i don't know if you've ever worked with uh israelis. First of all let me just say i love them to death they are some of the warmest most giving loving people that i've ever met. But they are one of the toughest audiences i've ever had they question everything right. And they they pride themselves on being very egalitarian like we asked them who's the who's kind of the the ring leader of your group and they say we have no.

Ring leader we are all equal and. Then they all looked at this one guy for what to do. Next right. And every time they came in it was like this battle this battle of wills to get them to do what i needed them to do to uh to get the most out of the program.

So they would all come in as a group and they would have five rows of chairs they would sit in the. Last three rows and i said well would you all please move to the front of the room and they'd all look. At me and nothing i said would get them to move because they didn't want to be up front i said well you know just for the record i always call on the people in the back row. First they got up as a unit and moved to the front of the room and every day from that moment forward it was like a game of you know it was like a game of chess to figure out how to get these people to the front of the.

Second day they came in they didn't fall for that right. And. So i had i just had an assistant remove the. First two rows.

So they were now in the. First row. But one. But i'm doing an uh.

But one day i'm doing a a module on the echo technique for a lot of the r d people now i don't know if you've worked with people in r d they're professional smart guys they have multiple phds their idea of customer service is read the manual right. Which was one of the big breakdowns with the customer service department in the marketing department and the r d people is the r d people the customer service people would go to these r d people with these problems and the r d people say read the menu don't be stupid read the manual well if you've ever read a technical manual it's not the easiest thing in the world to read especially if it's written by smart people right. So there were some things we had to work on. But one i'm i'm on stage little state no.

It wasn't very big it was i don't even know if it was a stage now i think about it. But there was this one guy i'm talking about the echo technique and how the most powerful words any human being can hear are the words that just came out of their mouth right. And he's looking at me you know that face people make when they smell something bad and it's just getting worse. So he started like this and.

Finally he just can't seem to take it anymore he looks at me and he goes i don't believe it and i kind of had to think fast on my feet you don't believe it i don't believe it and as you might have guessed everything that came out of his mouth i acknowledged it i echoed it back and asked another question and for the. Next five minutes all i did was give him his very own words back to him and he's sitting there going off about how this couldn't possibly work for five six seven minutes all of his peers all his friends and colleagues around him looking like because they can see it they can see what i'm doing why because they're not in it. But when you when it's directed at the person it's a perfect fit they don't want to give it up. So he's going off right.

And i let him kind of hoist himself on his own petard for about five six seven minutes and. Then because i knew this was going to be a very volatile situation if i wasn't if i wasn't uh careful as with as much humility and as much softness in my voice as i could i said sir have you realized yet that all i've been doing for the. Last five six seven minutes is giving me back your very own words and he looked at me and he looked at his friend and his friend went and he looked at this other friend and his friend now i don't know if you've ever seen like the old bugs bunny cartoons with yosemite sam where he he gets really pissed off or he drinks too much hot sauce and you can see like the red rising on a thermometer and when it reaches about eye level just right. That was this guy he turned beat red he got and.

Then he got this defeated look. On his face and he looked at me and he said are we really. So stupid and i looked at him because i had to be careful here i looked at him i said sir you're not stupid you're selfish and that of course opened the dialogue because every neurology on the planet my friends is selfish it's moving through the world looking for itself your soul mate that person that completes you is you that's that's what it is it's a person who matches you. So perfectly that being with them is like it's just they know exactly what to say because they're thinking the same things you're thinking they know exactly how to do it because they're doing they do it exactly the way that you do it that's what we're looking for and when you give somebody that experience because it is such a rare experience on the level we're talking about neurologically biochemically electrically it is such a rare experience for human beings that when you give it to them their entire neurology orients on you and does not want to let go it wants to hold on to that feeling it wants to hold on to that experience and it wants to hold on to the person who embodies that experience and.

So just doing the echo technique will do that just using their words to describe your own experiences using their words to tap into their emotional bonding checklist only makes it stronger only makes it stronger okay. Now because it's. So powerful it has the potential for misuse. So be very very aware that when you're going through this checklist process and you real and if you realize that what they need you can't supply point them in a different direction that will only help you in the long run because they will be.

So impressed by your integrity that they will refer people to you because they had such an amazing experience with you they will look. For an excuse to work with you in the future or to be with you in the future because people will forget what you tell them. But they will never forget how you made them feel and once you give them this experience they will move heaven and earth to get it again or to hold on to it and that my friends is power it's leverage in the real world. But remember that the kind of when you're doing echo technique when you're doing emotional bonding checklist when you're doing all of these things it's targeted to a specific individual or a group of individuals like when i was talking to you earlier about all the things that you wanted to get from this training and what's emotionally important about that and how by following the instructions and taking these materials out into the world and using them you can get everything you want right.

The moment your emotion was connected to these techniques is connected to these techniques the more likely you are to take action and use them and do whatever it takes to get more right. So i gave you the experience of what you're doing by having you do it to yourself. So you could feel that that biochemical electrical change now we transition using this context to doing it with others and i i modeled it for you. But just to kind of go through the nuts and bolts of it before i go through the nuts and bolts of it let me just review the uh the special offer.

So people can can kind of decide for themselves if they want to take it further or how far they want to take it i guess is a better way to say it. So once again what we're doing the total secrets of human influence package is the secrets of human influence home study course valued at two thousand seventy nine dollars it includes the uh secrets of human influence master text valued at 418 we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the weapons of mass instruction uh neuroscientific storytelling secrets 1 950 we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you objection obliteration in the art of speed conversational belief change one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're gonna give you charisma conversion hypnotic presentation skills for speakers and presenters uh 1950 value once again absolutely free nlp power mastermind mentoring three month trial membership plus the 10-year archive 594 dollars we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're going to throw in as a fast action bonus for the. Next 15 people that enroll in this program today we're going to give you the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at 997 dollars absolutely free and we're going to throw in that special vip super ticket that lets you attend in person any single live event in our 2021 2020 calendar it's a one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free all you gotta do to collect that is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and you can take advantage of those few remaining packages all right. So let's go back to this.

So let's look. At this this this master echo sequence. So whenever you ask a question well let me get this out of the way. So whenever you ask a question what are you going to do let me let me do this what do you do hold on a.

Second oh now it's giving me problems all right. Fine be that way all right. You're gonna echo validate echo ask again pay attention you feed it back to him you ask your. Next question what do you do you echovalidate echo ask again and you do it again now all you have to do from this point on if you go back and again if you pay attention to what i did again lots of bathrooms.

So i'm curious when you talk about lots of bathrooms what i'm curious what's important you know i totally agree i think having bathrooms a lot enough bathrooms is totally important. But i'm curious when you talk about lots of bathrooms and what's behind that what uh you know what what's important about that to you and they're going to give you a string of sentences right. You're going to echo validate echo ask again okay. When you.

Finally get to the close which is usually them closing you by the way you're going to use cause and effect language combined with complex equivalence language to link what they want to what you have. So if you go back and you listen to my earlier demonstration you'll hear me say i've got at least let me let me go back to looking at you right. Now if you you'll hear me say i said something like i've got off the top of my head here big bathrooms big kitchen are lots of bathrooms big kitchen big backyard i've got at least four houses right. Off the top my head right.

Now that have those big backyards lots of bathrooms and in that big kitchen. So as you visit these houses and you experience the size of these rooms and you realize that this matches exactly what you were looking for those big bathrooms there's big lots of kitchen big kitchens and things of that nature you're going to realize that one of these is the perfect house for you and as you connect what's most important to you about the right. Kitchen in the right. House and the right.

Set of bathrooms in the right. House and you feel at home because you realize inside that this is the house that's going to bring that family together this is the house that means a home for your ever growing family that allows you to experience that growing sense of contentment and fulfillment that comes from having a home with a big kitchen outside please the little seven-year-old decided to rush in unexpectedly which happens in a big family by the way you have that big kitchen you'll be able to experience all of those connections and all those meetings and those comings together of the people you love you'll be able to look. Out your big kitchen window and see your big backyard with all your kids and your grandkids playing together right. And realize you've created that home that everybody wants to come back to where everybody can come together when you have that you'll realize how glad you are that you called us today and you made the right.

Decision to move forward and speaking about it thinking about it like that how soon you want to go see them houses right. Oh i'm still on the package page what seriously no. David you're good now i'm good now oh okay. I feel better about my life that i have a stephanie hiding in the back okay.

All right. So did you see how ask your question repeat it acknowledge what they said agree with it echo it again ask your. Next question pay attention because if you're not paying attention you're going to miss some gold because remember you're not talking to their conscious mind you're talking to their unconscious mind which is where all your emotionally held drivers are from and the moment you start using these words you're going to see facial flush facial flushing pupil dilation unconscious head nods all these things are letting you know you're getting to them all you got to do is keep doing it okay. And if you do it enough they will eventually just say okay.

Let's just go ahead show me what you got right. Any good videos for asking negotiating a pay raise type in to go into my youtube channel type in interview skills pay attention to the pay attention to the interview crusher which is basically this process that will help you uh i would also reference chris voss's material on called the black swan method on how to negotiate pay raises and things of that nature okay. Megnoiki says thank you david for sharing your endless knowledge with all of us. So is this helpful did the examples i gave along with the interruption of my seven-year-old learn anything okay.

Do you want to say excellent excellent okay. Cool what else you got learned it all learned me a lot cool all right. I recommend that you go back over this video multiple times especially the examples that i'm giving you uh and actually write them out writing them out will absolutely help you to wire these these these strategies in okay. Naughty mom says ah perfect thanks i was late to the game today you are addicting ha ha well warn you our videos are kind of habit forming bridge e how to influence people that are stuck in their way start with this this process that i just gave you okay.

Then transition into the resistance removal formula and do whatever that formula and start with whatever step that process gives you i'm not going to go over the the resistance removal formula today because i did it in my. Last webinar video. So if you find my. Last webinar video i spend probably the entire.

Second half of the video going through uh the resistance removal protocol. But you want to graph that process onto this that we've just covered and now you have one of the most powerful one-two punches on the planet um rail mdfk says can you echo a group of people only if they're doing if only if they're speaking at the same time saying the same thing otherwise you have to echo them individually uh nate says what do you recommend. First in person course uh and seth piped right. In there he asks the exact same question i would ask what are you looking for are you looking to be more influential in in business social religion applications or are you more interested in therapy fixing people's stuff those are the two big directions that people go to um lisa says how does one stop thinking of a certain person two approaches resistance removal protocol magic frame put those together and you can pretty much put a dead stop halt to uh to that obsessive thinking that you have the other piece would be what we call color breathing which is a resolution frequency generator process uh which we've demonstrated on on uh other videos okay.

Nate if you again for if you're interested in influence applications primarily. Then start with killer influence if you are more of a coach who wants to have techniques that you can help people get past their blocks and stuff like that. Then start with identity by design those are the two big things okay. And.

Then choose which direction you want to go they're not mutually exclusive. But most people have a a chosen field of application that they want to do. So that was what i would recommend magic frame yeah uh in fact i just posted a video um the one i just posted this week um how to reprogram this uh uh how to reprogram the subconscious mind and get rid of pain that's the magic frame just uh do what i do with that lady in the uh in the video and you'll have it therapy didn't work okay. Then definitely use the magic frame definitely use the magic frame how to make a room and a room and make everyone's jaw drop well robin there's a lot of ways to do that there's a lot of ways to test some of them are not always the most socially acceptable by the way will a person with a narcissistic personality type respond to echo strong as yes.

Sometimes even more stroke more. So because you're talking about their favorite person you're welcome lisa and let me know if you have any questions let stephanie know she'll she'll pass it on once again if if you ask the question i didn't see it it went by too fast uh maybe it wasn't directly relevant to the the focus of today's webinar in the live uh stream version of this video just go to the comments section retype your question because i read the comments of all my videos every single day. So if you ask a question in the comment section. Then i most likely will read it and i will answer joseph dean says does it work with messages are you talking about instant messages joseph yes.

It works in here's the thing i want you to understand everything i taught you today works any place that language is involved video audio phone chats zoom calls texting email letters any place language is involved these techniques hold sweat okay. Our kinova says david how do you discern when to intentionally use social techniques and when to just intuitively be yourself well that's really simple if you're just hanging out being yourself and you're getting what you want the results that you want just keep doing what you're doing if you're getting anything else start looking at how you need to adapt what you do and how you do it to move the environment in the direction you want to move it okay. What you'll find though and this is something that happens again you don't have to believe me just show up at the courses it'll happen to you as you as you become more and more facile and you immersed in these things certain things will become instinctive for you. So they won't be something you have to turn on and off consciously they'll just turn on instantly because they become a part of who you are because you've used them.

So many times with the right. With with a good result your neurology is not stupid if a person a particular way of behaving or responding uh is getting you a a tangible quantifiable benefit your neurology will grab a hold of it and keep using it by default pretty quick. But you have to get those reps in. First for that mechanism to take place um nacho business says david sure you've heard of the objective personality type and what do you think of their work objective personality typing are you talking about like myers-briggs or big five and stuff like that believe it or not nolan no.

No. It's actually they don't pick it up because usually their their exact words are sandwiched between other sentences and other phrases that you're using. So they just feel like hey this guy gets what i'm talking about there's a lot of controversy about myers-briggs it's been around for a long time a lot of people swear by it. But the science the neuroscience behind myers-briggs is showing that uh it's not the most accurate approach and one of the problems with people who like who put a lot of um a lot of stock in an objective single personality profiling tool is that if it shows them if it identifies a behavioral aspect of themselves that causes them problems.

But it says it's a natural part of who you are they take that personality profile as licensed to be more of it and. So rather than changing the behavioral characteristic that's causing them a problem they try to justify being the way they are because of a personality test and uh i i did a uh there's an interview i'm going to release in a couple of weeks that i did with uh lily walford from love with intelligence and in the attraction and dating arenas there's this lot of talk about being yourself right. Just be yourself and my response to that question well what if you're an right. What if the identity that is the normal natural everyday you is.

So repugnant to everyone you meet that it causes you nothing. But problems right. But you. But the personality test says this is who you are.

So it's okay. To be that way the dating coaches say this is who you are. So it's okay. To be there you'll eventually find someone probably not okay.

Um there's millions of people out there their odds are there is somebody out there for you. But the odds of you finding them well if you can get through all seven million people maybe not. So much. So the caveat has to be the caveat has to be find the balance between who you are who you want to be and the results you produce in the world and if the person you are now is not producing the result that you want change who you are until you get the result that you want and find a way to be happy as this new person okay.

I i love personality assessment tools i love behavioral profiling tools. But they change as your state changes if i take a myers-briggs when i'm pissed off i'm gonna have a much different result than if i take it when i've just had an orgasm i won't tell you how i know that okay. But our perceptual filters change our identities change as state and context change and. So it's very very difficult a lot of people love to put their their whole their whole destiny on the assessment of an arbitrary profiling tool.

So i think they can be useful. But if we take that one assessment that one tool as the overall authority on who we are and who we should be and who we want to be we're going to sell ourselves really really short of a lot of good times and a lot of good experiences and a lot of room for growth right. Because what happens inevitably is people take the label assigned to them from a personality tool as a license to be that way when it's not serving them and we need to make we need to uh and again i'm under linguistic programmer at heart and. So everything i do is about getting the result i want about things that being nothing is good or bad it's easily either useful or it isn't and i need to be able to change who i am and what i do to match the situation to get my outcome okay.

And when you start to realize that you're not one personality. Anyway you're multiple personalities every single one of us has different neurological subroutines running that turn on and off in random contexts and in emotional states they're not they're not as as authoritative as you might think right. But again a lot of people put a lot of stock in those things they they try to match themselves up with people based on their myers-briggs profile and i don't think that's a bad thing. But i think if you just abtigate critical thinking and common sense to a piece of paper generated by a machine um with little to no.

Scientific validation or verification behind it um you're you're rolling the dice there with your life and i don't know that that's a that's the smartest thing to do all right. Well we're coming up on our time together i just want to review one. Last time uh this little special offer we've got going on this is the secrets of human influence um home study course this is what we're offering this uh the fast action bonuses go away when uh when i log off the webinar. But i will stay on and answer more questions after this uh it's the seventh it's a seven stage universal persuasion protocol valued at two thousand seventy nine dollars uh plus the killer influence master text it's a 240 page um expansion on the cpi system or the universal persuasion protocol which has all those cool other modules in it on social influence proxemic influence authority attractivity affinity acquiescence social hypnotic operators things of that nature it's a 418 value you're going to get three month online unlimited access to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program training group and archive you'll get the neuroscientific storytelling secrets weapon strategic storytelling it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value uh we're going to go out to you absolutely free uh we're going to give you the objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're gonna give that to you absolutely free charisma conversion storytelling and hypnotic hypnotic presentation skills for speakers and presenters valued at 1 950 we're going to give that to you absolutely free we already talked about the mastermind mentoring program we're going to give you for those of you with the.

Next 15 to register today we're going to give you a free copy of the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course it's 997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free plus you'll get your live training to a vip super ticket your choice of any single live event in our 2020 2021 calendar it's a 1950 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free all you got to do to read to grab yours and get all those amazing bonuses and all that amazing knowledge and skill is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go you can get an all for one low installment of just 9.97 and if you need a little bit extra help we can break that into three easy installments of just 397 each all you need to do is click the link in your chat box there uh or or type it into your browser www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go once again that's www.killerinfluence.com okay. Um you may have to put the http in there. But. Anyway if uh if brandon or stephanie can throw the link in the in the chat that would be helpful let me take a look.

At what's going on with our youtubers uh there's cutting-edge level question i know that tibet monks have figured it out. But they aren't talking i don't know what that um i'm not understanding some of these questions. But i'll answer what i can i remember taking something about touching people in hot points in the pua stealth attraction material oh you're talking about okay. Um there are certain acupuncture points and meridians that if you stimulate them in the proper order will trigger somebody to become more sexually and romantically aroused uh for if you want to understand that i would recommend you get either these uh secret orgasm tips home study course or the expanded version which is known as unlimited lover those are not on our website if you want access to that kind of material reach out to stephanie directly one.

Last thing about about this package let's say you've already bought some of these items in the past maybe you've got uh you know killer influence or maybe you've bought weapons of mass instruction or objection obliteration in the past because we offered it on a webinar if there's something in the package that you already have you can swap it out for something of equal or lesser value all you gotta do is let stephanie know and. Then we'll find a fit for you okay. Okay. Uh any more questions that i can answer before i turn you all loose into the world go back to this the tibetan monks know how it works i was curious if he had any pointers i don't know what the question is about the tibetan monks.

So if you can if you ask you know what um when this video goes live in terms of the uh the replay ask the question in the comment section and. Then i can give you a much more fleshed out and detailed answer quick tips to echo more subtly i'll give you a couple really quickly uh. First and foremost people let me go back to this i'll show again i'm just going to cover these really quick and. Then we're done [Music] masking the echo technique see you didn't think i had this information did you all right.

So here's some things you can do you can repeat their word and for for beginners this is what i recommend you do you matt you you you use their words verbatim. So if i say how do i use this to mask the echo technique well when you use this to mask the echo technique what you want to do is xyz. So what i did there was there was the statement i was echoing and. Then i echoed it with a statement.

So i can i can repeat what they said in the form of a question i can repeat what they said in the form of a statement right. I can also echo parts of it. So if someone asks me how do i re how do you remove a curse how can you remember curse put on you by a witch right. That's the the seed question i could say how to remove a curse or i could say how to remove a curse right.

So all that's changed the exact words are the same. But the tonality has shifted and. So it doesn't get flagged quite as much i can also echo part of that i could say a curse or i could use a statement a curse right. Or i could echo the.

First part by a witch by a witch see it's the same words if you look. At the structure of what i'm doing here is i'm either i'm whatever they at whatever comes out of their mouth if i'm not using the uh the master echo sequence i can restate what they said in the form of a statement i can stay what they said in the form of a question i can do it in a question. But i can only do part i can do a statement of only part and i can break it up any way i want you guys see how that works okay. I don't have any information on scalar energy work uh it's been coming up quite a lot recently and some of my uh some of the relationships that i have in terms of people who are studying with me.

But i don't really have any direct correlations or information regarding scalar energies at this time give me some time to do some research and i'll have a little bit more that i can talk about okay. But as you can see i have a whole set of modules here on on ways to mask the echo technique and when you come to killer influence you will learn these in spades you will get really really good at this yes. Why do you do this to me you posted it uh i got this i got it now. But again um go back you should get my answer before you get this question.

So uh let's see here. So josephine says i use the rockstar technique often and the plexiglass chest technique it works pretty good and it helps me with my commas perfect way to go joseph keep doing it it only get by the way for those of you who've been through that training rockstar meta frame open heart trust trigger things of that nature i want to encourage you keep doing them because it makes them stronger you build a neuroplastic circuit in your body that each time you access that energy the amplitude that you give off gets stronger this is one of the secrets behind our jedi skills and why we don't teach the report the state control training to the public it's only done for our private students one of the reasons is because once you have this training every time you do it you're building in powerful neurological and somatic circuits that create more energetic push more vibrational push to the influence they literally only get stronger the more you do them over time that's why i have clients that can put the whammy on judges juries hostile witnesses expert witnesses for the opposition because the circuitry that they've built up from doing these things over and over and over again just washes through the people in the room and their perceptual filters change okay. So uh real quick before we sign off. So before we sign off type in the chat top two or three takeaways from today's class top two or three things that you got from today just type them in the bot in the chat and let me see what you learned let me see what our zoomers are typing perfect i think i must have hit a button on the chat okay.

Uh nate if you're having problems reach out directly to stephanie uh at eight five eight two eight two four six six three oops there's an extra six in there i'm sorry eight five eight two eight two four six three and. Then for those of you in the other chat huh okay. All right. Julie call reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 and we'll get that resolved for you one way or the other okay.

Matthew says i'm going okay. All right. So i don't know something happened again in my my zoom chat when i'm getting weird when i type when i when i go into my chat i'm not getting okay. That's weird um something happened in my zoom chat again.

So i'm sorry for my zoomers i can't answer your questions directly i'm trying to type them in individual. But that's not helping the people watching my ex says he has nothing to say i repeat it i have nothing to say and what happened echo echo validate okay. Good naughty mom says i want to high-five your parents thank you. So much mr snyder you are very welcome naughty mom maria says the sequence of echo techniques perfect more covert echo yes.

Yes. Yes. Excellent you guys are doing great robin says i'm joining the platinum membership thanks david you rock awesome sauce all right. Listen it is 703 we've gone just over three hours i hope you got some really cool stuff out of this if you liked it please share it right.

Post good things if you didn't like it post to somebody else's class right. Um if you have a question that i did not answer once again in the comments section right. Below this video when it goes live type in the question i read every single comment i don't always publish every single comment. But i do read and i answer the questions when they're asked okay.

If i know something i'll tell you if i don't know i'll tell you that too i've got way too much going on to people. So i love you all in the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long goodnight god bless i love you all be sure to uh sign up for uh follow me on clubhouse follow us on instagram follow us everywhere and get your asses to las vegas march 17th through the 20th for one of the most powerful influence trainings on the planet that will take you from zero to hero in the shortest amount of time possible call stephanie at 858-282-4663 or click that link below to get your free vip ticket and every good thing that goes.
