Title: 5K76m0pR7t0.txt
Video Id: 5K76m0pR7t0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5K76m0pR7t0

Welcome to the hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation. Mastery crash course thank you all.

So much can we get a little more volume on the mic uh. I guess yes. You can. I won't be doing much demos today except as a group exercise okay.

When. I was thinking about okay. What am. I going to what kind what can give these people in an hour that will change everything aside from cash.

So. I gotta be honest my my manifestation. Journey has been really interesting. I have found techniques that can manifest patently impossible you know we have a joke you know you ever hear the saying um difficult is easy impossible just takes longer my doctorate is one of them again.

I have lots of stories. I want to tell you. I don't have the time. But if you go to my.

YouTube channel and you type in funny. Law of. Attraction stories you will see a video clip from the. Last um vibrational influence class that.

I taught here at. Hypno. Thoughts where. I just talk about four or five impossible things that were manifested with.

Witnesses right. So one of the. First things that. I want to.

I. I think is really really important for us to understand is we're all indoctrinated especially since the secret came out and things like that that you will attract into your life the situation circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts and most of us take that to understand that if. I just say these affirmations over and over and over again through rote repetition something's going to happen no. But that's what we think that's what we're taught we're taught that manifestation is the easy way to get something no.

And here's why it's an easier way to get something once you've gotten certain things out of the way one there's two things there's two ingredients. I tell people they need to be successful whether that's in regular day-to-day success don't be bashful. Terence you can come in um one is they have to have an identity that supports what they want to be one of my my feet one of my very dear female mentors used to say you can be or do or have anything you want in this life. But you must.

First become the person for whom that thing can happen to. So the. First thing you have to have if you want to manifest a lot of cool stuff and you want things to come your way is you need an identity that supports that in my my three-day hidden. Laws of.

Attraction boot camp we talk about the five psychological characteristics of lucky people anybody can ever meet someone who's lucky any naturally lucky people in here we hate you uh no. But one of the one of the things about about lucky people is they could be walking down the street step in a pile of dog poop and when they go to clean it off their foot they find a diamond ring in the poop right. And you think oh these guys must be blessed with with. Good.

Karma and that may be true that may be true. But let's assume for a moment that this is all you got there's no. God there's no. Higher power there's no.

Uh. Spirits or let's just pretend for a moment that that's not. I don't believe that by the way not in the least. But let's assume that all we have is our autonomic nervous system what happens uh and this is an article found in psychological.

Psychology today we don't time to do it now. But if you come to like my post we'll be installing this stuff if you come to. Hidden laws in. August in.

San. Diego you can get these things installed in you there's five psychological characteristics that all. Lucky people share the. First one is ready for it they self-identify as lucky.

First time. I taught. I went to teach this material back in 2016. the name of the the event you can actually can still find it on meetup.com it's called. Get.

Lucky for. Life it's not what you think or maybe it is right. That was literally the title right. And the.

First thing. I did when. I went when. I started doing my intro five hands went up and every single question or every single statement was prefaced by.

I'm a naturally lucky person and. I haven't even taught the characteristics yet and. I was like holy. Batman this is real all right.

So five psychological psychomotional characteristics that all. Lucky people have now because they're psychological characteristics that means you have them too you're just not having the same degree of them and they're not as dominant in your life. But through training you can amplify them if you knew something like hypnosis you could actually go in and program yourself to be more of a certain way right. Not that anybody here's a hypnotist right.

But there are five the. First one is they identify as being lucky um they're amazingly laissez-faire in their approach to life it's really cool now again that. I can't if. I talk about them you're going to want them and that's not what my agenda is.

But. I want you to start understanding this concept that identity has to be there right. Now in. NLP we have this thing called logical levels of belief right.

Starts with spirituality identity belief that is capabilities behaviors now the belief at the top of the pyramid dominated control the beliefs at the bottom okay. It doesn't generalize up. So if you have a belief that's only functional in a certain environment that has nothing to do with your spirit it won't it won't affect your spiritual. Mission does that make sense now here's what's interesting even though the beliefs at the top of the pyramid control all the beliefs below it they're all built the same way in other words.

I'm going to lapse in a neurospeak for you. But just understand that what. I'm about to tell you is what you're actually going to be using to create super powerful affirmations that tap into the power of your neurology and send a massive vibrational signal out to the universe that bypasses your blocks. I always tell my.

I. I have a protocol that. I teach my students in the killer influence class it's called. The.

Resistance removal formula it's based on the work of. Dr. Michael pantalone and. I tell the people the most powerful reason you can get.

So this the way this is used if somebody tells you they don't want to do something how do you get them to want to do it foreign that's one way to do it. But the most powerful reason any human being can have for wanting to do the thing they just said they didn't want to do is the reason they make up the most powerful reason any person can have for doing the thing they just said they don't want to do is the reason they make up yeah. So if you say well you know here's there's a whole formula for this. But again and.

I used and now you can use this on yourself it works really really well. But the bottom line is you have to have somebody generate even though they said they didn't want to do it you have to. I'll give you the basic formula without having to walk through it you restore their sense of personal autonomy and freedom you asked them if they were to want to do it why might they want to do it for their reasons. Then when they give you that reason they say on a scale of zero to ten how much might you want to do that and.

Then you ask them why. So much why didn't you rate it less and they go what because they're expecting why don't you want that more. But that's not what happens yes. And why they didn't why why didn't they rate it less why do you want this.

So much and. Then they're going to give you a reason for why they want it. So much the moment they defend their reason for wanting to do it. So much their desire to do it goes up and all you do is ask them what's the.

Next step we need to take to move that forward and they'll tell you and that's what you do works great on people who don't want to quit smoking don't want to quit drugs okay. It's a really important. I said this at my. Last training and this is something aside from the dominant thought aspect of it here's something you also need to understand the most powerful most powerful principle that.

I've discovered in all these different disciplines is whatever your autonomic nervous system makes up your autonomic nervous system accepts human nervous systems never resist themselves not even in a situation like. Parts there or parts issues if the neurology creates it the neurology accepts it and that right. There is the secret to creating affirmations that stick affirmations that don't require 500 repetitions for you to start to feel anything okay. I'm going to give you a structure.

I'm going to give you language patterns that go right. To certain belief filters and awareness filters in your autonomic nervous system that if you change how you do your affirmations and you clean up your not your dominant thoughts you will become a manifestation magnet see that there's you know a lot of. I told this yesterday well we we begin every event whether it's a one hour event a five-day event with the song. Hooked on a.

Feeling why is that it's to remind us hey get your meat moving most powerful manifestation tool you have isn't your mind it's your body okay. Most of us are have been adopted into talking head syndrome part of my job as your teachers to get you out of your head and into your body and get all the different levels of you communicating and working together that's why whoever came to our our rapid change at workshops that's what you were doing you were connecting your mental body your spiritual body or your energy body and your physical body using the language all those divisions understand and that's why the changes were. So fast and. So pervasive and why you couldn't get them back okay.

We're going to take this same idea and apply it to manifestation because what is disease it's negative manifestation think about it right. So this is what goes into your identity the beliefs that you have now most of the time these beliefs like. I said we have the beliefs that we're conscious of and beliefs were unconscious of if we want to clear the channels we need to find and remove the beliefs we're not conscious of okay. You can take any one of the transformational.

Triad. I taught you yesterday and the moment you feel with that icky. Naggy feeling is zap it and it goes away and the channel is clear this is what whenever. I teach classes at.

Hypno. Thoughts. I actually have a sequence to what. I'm teaching because they usually feed one into the other and.

Then into the pre or the post there's a there's a whole. Continuum of trainings there. So um. I just wanted to share that the other one and this is the one where most people kind of kind of lose it a little bit is action hold on a.

Second what's going on here okay. You need to be willing to take action on on what you want to do. I think we're having some kind of weird on my energy. Fields acting up again yeah this happens to me all the time guys this is this is my life all right.

All right. You need to be willing to take action right. Most of us want to learn manifestation until. So we don't have to work as hard right.

But here's the thing if you aren't willing to do whatever it takes the universe will manifest blocks to test your resolve this is how it works there's according to all the teachings. I've been given nothing's free right. You want to be rich you want to be successful what do you want to give up you want to give up the. Betrayal you want to give up the the fear you want to give up the insecurity right.

The ego you can have it those are the things that are in your way what do you want you want all those how many people would be psychic how many people are lying you want all these spiritual gifts you want. Enlightenment all these things you already have it why aren't you perceiving it because of all the you acquired when you incarnated here to deal with it that's what all mystical. Traditions are really about it's not about becoming empowered it's about removing the filters that are keeping your power from expressing itself okay. So you need to be willing to take action now this particular what.

I call. I call it transformational inertia manifest in a bunch of different ways people will look. At what they want and what they actually what physical steps they actually have to do to get it and they'll say oh that takes too long or it's too much work or. I'll be 50 years 55 years old when.

I get my doctorate right. Well are you still going to be 55 years old without a doctorate would you rather be 55 years old with a doctorate or without one. But here's the thing whenever those recordings start to play there's a deeper meaning what it's translation. I don't deserve it oh that resonated with a bunch of people huh anytime you find yourself it takes too long too much work.

I'll be too old or. I'm too old to start you're saying you don't deserve it you're telling yourself you don't deserve it. So be very aware when that little voice pops up in your head you know the little voice that just said what voice that's what it means and. Then decide to do something different does that make sense okay.

I'm giving you 50 000 mile an hour or 50 50 000 foot views. But this is one of the things. I want us to understand. So the mindset there's two reasons people don't basically don't take action it's either a mindset issue or a skill set issue how do you diagnose it generally it's more of one than the other.

But it's almost never 100 one thing how do you know it's a mindset issue you know what to do you know how to do it you know when to do it who to do it with the funds are there and you can't pull the trigger now it's a mindset issue right. What about a skill set issue well you're ready to go the funds are there. But you don't know where to aim that gun you don't know what bullets to use in the cartridge. I'm using.

Marshall metaphors because. I'm a martial artist right. That's how you die. So what skill sets do you need and here's something.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna a little caveat because. I. Mentor people on business and stuff like that as well take a minimalist approach for business stuff because there will always be more stuff to learn there will always be somebody wanting to sell you yet another course and.

So what happens many times one of the common denominators that everybody in this room has as you all know there's always more to learn you're voracious in it. But. I separate humans especially you know those like us into two basic categories you have the achievers not you guys. But.

I'm just waving that way the achievers what do you mean and the chronically over trained the chronically over trained oh got me again now here's the thing you both have tremendously good qualities in common right. Both of you realize that there's always more to learn the action takers though they understand that. However much or little they have they have enough to start. So they do the chronically overtrained they'll start when they're done.

But they're never done. So they never start the same thing happens when you get out into the self-help world and everybody tells you that the key to success is being confident. I'm here to tell you that is the biggest lie the self-help. Community has ever perpetuated on us how many people here have ever had zero ability in their confidence to do something how many of you are lying to me something had to get done you had zero ability.

First of all you need to be honest with yourself that's called denial right. How many people have ever been faced with something they had absolutely no. Confidence in their ability to do. But it had to get done and you put on your big boy or big girl pants you sucked it up and you just figured it out let me ask you a question it's not a trick question when did the confidence come ah confidence is an end state it's something that arises from a history the trait you need is.

Relentless determination right. Relentless determination now let me explain. Relentless determination can. I use can you guys come in.

So. I can use that door really quick. I can't do that all right. Can you guys slide down there just a little bit you might want to move back just a little bit.

I have a really cool lesson. I want to teach you right. So this is. Relentless determination.

I want to get out of the room. I warned you right. That's. Relentless determination this is stubbornness [Music] get it okay.

Lesson learned now in a pinch stubbornness will do. I call stubborn the poor man's relentless right. Because. I got it.

I'm a 200. I'm 200 pounds of stubborn in 170 pounds of body. But. Anyway.

So these are the two things that. I'm going to assume are in place for you they aren't this will still work. But you'll only get. So far.

So let me put a cherry on the. Relentless. Sunday notice. I said if you don't have that willingness to do whatever it takes to be relentless determined to go over and around and through no.

Matter what's in front of you if you're not willing to take every single one of those hundred steps the universe won't send you a shortcut it's a test what will happen is as you start you know you send your you do your manifestation you send it off to the universe. Then you forget it and you set off to accomplish it as if everything relied on your hard work and you operate from that perspective and as you go through and you see the blocks and you just keep going and you just keep going and at some point right. Before you hit that block. But if you don't have the.

Relentless determination to keep going no. Matter what it becomes a real block okay. I didn't believe this for a long time a lot of things. I've learned.

I've learned by. C uh that is something we call the law of analogy which you may have heard of it you may have not it. But basically the way it works is the same principles manifest at different levels of reality. So for example we taught in.

NLP and. Eric's. Universe we talk about. Rapport pacing and leading right.

Well you can see that phenomena at every level of. Human. Experience from the energetic to the cognitive to the emotional to the biomechanical you can go to my. YouTube channel you can find demonstrations we're all literally have somebody stand a certain way.

I'm a martial artist. So. I test everything from a marshall perspective and. I'll have them grab me and.

Then. I'll just pivot around them and. I will copy their stance and weight placement and. I'll just touch them on the shoulder.

I'll bend my knees and drop my butt in the fall in their ass no. Matter how solid their stance is you know why they can't resist themselves getting ready for the. Ikea. Jiu.

Jitsu. Aikido that's one of the secrets aiki is about the way of. Harmony translation pacing and leading right. It's all the same sorry.

I had to say it he it's an inside joke okay. So the more like something you become the easier it is to communicate with it and be communicated with and the more influence you have over it. Rapport literally is the secret to the universe and in many cases it's the secret to manifestation. But this is a school.

Brent. Baum calls this where we live now trauma. School. Earth they give it as boot camp for the spiritual.

Army you're going back to right. Part of it is learning how to manifest. Okay. So.

I'm going to share something with you um a way to give yourself affirmations that actually stick would that be okay. Okay. So let me preface this we have what in in. Planet.

David uh a model called the universal persuasion protocol it starts with knowing what you want controlling your state getting. Rapport using your language managing the state of the person or people that you're interacting with bonding to their values uh with what they know they're finding out what they most want and need and. Then bonding it to what you offer okay. Remember.

I said the most powerful reasons anybody can have for doing anything is the one they come up with once you know what a person is in what a person's emotional needs are and how they know they're getting it you can. Bond them to your product or service and they will ask you to do business with them you won't have to close them they'll close you and all of your price objections sales objections go right. Out the window. I've had.

I there's people in this room who've been using it and they'll tell you right. How many people have used the what. I'm what. I'm teaching raise your hands talk to these people right.

Enough time to give you other sales pitches because. I'm not pitching you. So. But you have to control your state the reason we use.

Hooked on a. Feeling is to remind us to get our bodies involved and that everything human beings do is in response to a. Feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of five characteristics of lucky people they self-identify as being lucky that generates a feeling and a set of filters in their body how many people have ever heard the reticular activating system right. Excellent okay.

If you've added in any manifestation class from here to the end of time you've heard about the reticular activating system the reticular activating system is most directly and immediately impacted by. Body feelings by. Body feelings change your body feeling you change your reticular activating system you change the perceptual filters and all of a sudden you see stuff that was all there all the time. But because of the state you were in you didn't see it that's called shifting consciousness that's functionally how you do it okay.

The re when they when they tested the lucky people with the non-lucky people with the average people they put up they rented out a restaurant they put a 20 pound note on the floor they sent each group in individually and they counted how many people saw the 20 pound note and how long it took. As you can probably guess the average people 50 of the time they found it 50 time they didn't the lucky people they all went right. To it as far as we know the. Unlucky people are still trying to find the restaurant [Laughter] it's that pervasive okay.

So you have these beliefs that you have about what you can have and belief that you have about what you can't have your. First job your mission. Jim should you decide to accept it is to as you're doing your manifestation work to become aware of the two feelings that come up. The.

Good. Feeling which is the one you're trying to energize. But the background icky feeling that's the one you got to clear and you got to clear it. First you guys with me.

So far the reason that icky feeling is faint or or quiet isn't because it's weak it's because it's deep it's in it's coming from deep within the autonomic nervous system where it's been stored on an endless loop that's why it's dominant it's always running even if you're not thinking about it the only time you know it's there is when it's provoked okay. Now how many of you and again we have such an honest group. I've noticed by the show of hands today um how many of you and it's not a criticism it's something that is actually not your fault how many of you usually don't start doing affirmations until you're in a shitty mood and you want to get out of it okay. Okay.

Here's something you gotta understand your autonomic nervous system has a negativity bias that means for one bad thing that happens your neurology assigns a gravity of four for every good thing that happens your neurology signs of gravity of one don't believe me go read the power of bad by. Roy. Baumeister it's all the science which means you need to do four good things or have four good things just to get to zero to neutral okay. That's why it takes.

So many damn affirmations to start feeling better. But the other thing is because of those beliefs that are running on autopilot that is actually adding to the vibrational signature that you're trying to send out to the universe the the sum total of all the feelings in your body is analogous to your vibrational fingerprint when you send a message out to the universe remember you are walking around in the world's largest organic antenna and it's all about vibration don't believe me did you know you're shaped like a tuning fork one bone two bones one bone two bones right. Chinese medical practitioners knew this centuries ago that's why they did a lot of sound and vibration training everybody's noticing you know the new thing. I was all sound and vibration.

I actually you learn how to do that with your body and your voice in in. Chinese medical. Qigong it's really cool. So you if you can just get in a good.

State. First a really powerful playful positive. State and. Then do your manifestation work you're going to get a better result faster.

Joy gratitude learn how to harness and build these things right. That's where you start from now when you do your man even if it's just a regular manifestation you have a much better chance of adding a positive more more physical amplitude to the signal you're sending out. But what if you you don't know how to what if what if it's still not enough because. I'm impatient that's my superpower.

So a common affirmation we might hear is you know. I'll just go back to the old the old. Chestnut every day in every way. I am getting right.

That's called forced mind reading right. So everybody say that like before we do that put your feet flat on the floor okay. Take an inventory of your body notice how you feel and now let's just do this four or five times every day and every way. I'm getting better and better and better.

Anyway. I'm getting better and better and better every day in every way. I'm getting better and better and better [Music] in every way. I mean better and better and better.

I am not part of. David's cult okay. So. I want to ask you a question how did you how what was your feeling like at the beginning of the process and how is it now not.

So much right. Okay. Let's try something different now what. I want you to do let me let me do this this one thing real quick these are that's not what.

I want dialoguing with the unconscious mind. I covered this in depth yesterday it's doubly true here when you talk to your autonomic nervous system you need to understand your autonomic nervous system does not speak. English it doesn't speak. French it doesn't speak.

Polish. Creole. Cajun doesn't speak any verbal language that doesn't mean it doesn't understand it. But when it communicates to the other levels of your neurology it doesn't use words it uses sensation visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory gestalt's hierarchical images.

I learned this. First when. I was studying remote viewing the autonomic nervous system communicates in. Gestalt hieroglyphs that you unpack in mind turns out you can use it to communicate with the autonomic nervous system in the same way right.

That again don't have time for that. I'm opening a lot of. Loops. I get it deal with it all right.

This these are the we call the six dynamics of an unconscious response how many people here see clients on a regular basis how many people here would like to eliminate almost all resistance you get from a client teach them this. First stop doing regular pre-talk teach them this. First how many people want to fix their own learn this. First right.

Unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always have an urge to edit what just came up never loud never linear take it to the bank literally someone comes up to me and says. I. I need you to fix me.

I. I got divorced at 35 and. I'm still traumatized by it. I can't get past it.

I need you to get help me get over this divorce great sit in the chair go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source of getting the root cause of. XYZ problem that you want to fix they're five years old. First thing.

Personnel goes that can't be right. I got my divorce at 35. we know different right. Your unconscious mind does not organize things by time it organizes things by what they have in common it's a more efficient way to reuse neuro cortical. Connections in the brain it literally will like if this is a neurological circuit and the circuit that comes.

Next is similar. But just one little variation it will overlay what's similar and. Then add another branch that's act neurologically that's how it works right. That's why if.

I've got a if. I'm gonna help people find resources. I'll always go after a memory before. I'll go after imagination because there's more practice and amplitude and it's amplitude we want we want more push to the signal does that make sense.

So you can get it two ways you can imagine it or you can find a memory that's similar and use that energy to create something new. So again. I don't have time to go into this because. I want to.

I want to give you the techniques. I get yeah. Richard actually has them on little business cards back there you can all get one right. But if you're going to clear your if you're gonna if you want less resistance this is what you start with yes.

Shelley all five psychological characteristics already or no. I did not. I only gave you no. We won't get to it today.

I can only give you one or two because what. I it wasn't what. I wanted to give you. But.

I wanted you to understand about identity and action and why that has to be there you need to get into a positive state. So if you just learn how to be playful you'll be up to 30 percent more successful at everything that's the. Neuroscience that's the the behavioral analysis from. I got from.

Chris. Voss when hostage negotiator is more playful more easy going more fun loving more explorational they're up to 31 percent smarter more perceptive uh more adaptable and their counterparts the bad guy the hostage takers up to 31 percent more compliant just from the change in state everything starts with state okay. If you don't control your state there are many well-funded three-letter agencies out there willing to do it for you okay. So let's talk about one of my favorite things this is called information.

So every day in every way. I'm getting better and better and better in. NLP and. Eric.

Sony hypnosis you'll hear of something called a cause and effect statement anybody over here is that familiar to anybody okay. One of the most powerful things about cause and effect statements is that they create relationships in the mind of a listener that seem to have a causal relationship even when they don't. So. I told this.

I said this to the group yesterday if you understand how to do a properly worded properly structured cause and effect statement you can make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your subject even if those things have absolutely nothing in common okay. Cause and effect structure mirrors the structure of internal belief. So when people talk in cause and effect terms the neurology processes it with the same level of. Truth and certainty as a belief you follow me.

So far there's a lot more to this. But this is what you need to know. So let's start with this basic one take an inventory of your body and now what. I'm going to do is.

I'm going to lead you through this and now we're going to just see our sister. I'm now loving because we're now we're going to go every day and every way. I'm getting better and better and better because. First thing that pops into your head say it understand.

So you fill in the blank now every day in every way. I am getting better and better and better because every day in every way. I'm getting better and better because. I just felt the energy level in this room shifts significantly did you that was two do it a few more times for yourself on yourself in your own head and just do it five or six times if you want to do it out loud you can just do it exactly that structure every day and every way.

I'm getting better and better because and fill in the blank and speak it or say it really loud in your mind and notice what happens to your neurology either way. I don't care usually when. I do this on a webinar. I'll just have people stand up and speak it out loud what's happening what's happening in your bodies vibrations you got a little juice going that's called amplitude you guys ready to actually do something now that's how you do affirmations why because a it's a cause and effect statement.

But the human nervous system never resists itself what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts when you give yourself an affirmation like this it stimulates every reason for not doing it when you use an e information or affirmation like this it targets the one reason why you will do it and that's why you feel that energy well up. So the secret to this a fill in a blank whatever reason you remember. I said the best reason you can have for get somebody to do the thing they don't want to do is the one they come up with that's the one you come up with that's the one-year neurology accepts that's the one that will unlock the resources for you that will give you the energy the drive the motivation and the perceptual filters that allow you to see opportunities where you didn't before does that make sense now what. I did it five times.

I had a different answer every time good write them all down because all of those affirmations will work that's the information level one is that useful okay. Huh oh yeah. So you know. I'm going to give some stuff away right.

So there's a little process we have to go through. I need you to take out a pen and paper get out of the piece and write your name email number and phone number make sure it's your email and your phone number fold them up hand them to the center of the room. I have a little box in the wagon somewhere if one of our lovingly or loving volunteers can uh and do this. I'm going to give you one more level to the information process.

So. So what am. I actually getting. David well.

I'm glad you asked you might have seen these given away at uh [Music] okay. This is. Armando. Supremo.

I wanted all package this is a package. I created. Hypno. Thoughts specifically for.

Hypno. Thoughters back in 2013. I was. So excited by it.

But. I had zero time because. I had like 10 minutes before. I had to go present.

So. I literally wrote it on a piece of loose leaf notebook. Paper took. It to the copy center and.

I handed out. Xerox copies and like seven or eight people bought them. So what is this it's your choice of any two live trainings in my 2023 2024 calendar or between now and the end of time it doesn't expire. So if you can't get to a training with me until 2027 it's still good values four thousand five hundred dollars if you wanted to buy this today at my booth it would be 27.94.

So you're going to save about 1200 bucks you get your choice of two full-length video courses valued at 14.97 or less um it's a 29.94 value we're going to give it to you free as part of this package and. Then you get your choice of any five smaller digital products that's anything 147 or less you get any five of them okay. Total investment if you were to buy these things individually on our website or even through. Savo at the at the counter it would be 7979 dollars if you were to buy it today it would be 33.94 at the booth you're going to save about 4 585 now like.

I said the reason. I'm showing you this isn't because. I'm trying to sell it to you it's because two of you are going to win these things okay. That's what you're that's what we're going for right.

And. Then after the after the after the raffle um. I'm gonna. I'm gonna pivot we're gonna come back.

I'm going to show you um level two of the information process and we probably won't have time to do the meditation. I had planned. I was going to teach you a kabbalistic manifestation meditation super powerful. I've been using it for around 30 years it's one of my secrets well again there's someone right.

Behind me. So. I got. I have to be respectful otherwise.

I'd be here all night you guys will know as long as. I got an audience sometimes even when. I don't um okay. We all good hold on you guys having fun is this is this useful thank you now here's an idea what if when you taught your client self-hypnosis you taught him to do it this way right.

Remember we have beliefs that say we can't do something. But we also have beliefs that say we can and when you tap into the beliefs that say you can the system. Marshals all of its resources to make that possible for you right. This is very similar to something that.

I learned from. Richard a comment. Richard bandler made a long time ago back when he learned about curing phobias he would say that you know everybody all the psychologists spent all their time studying phobias how they happen what causes them. So they got really good at understanding how to cause a phobia.

Richard said that's great if. I want to cause a phobia. But. I want to fix them.

So we talked to everybody who could find who overcame a phobia just on. Solutions reasons why that's what you're doing right. But you see the cause and effect structure is such an it's such an important foundational fundamental part of everything you do it can't not affect you you can't communicate without using cause and effect language it's impossible the only other the only pattern that has as much power as that is that we call the complex equivalence which is the meaning making filter of your neurology the cause and effect creates a sequential relationship between things. X causes y complex equivalents or the meaning making filter allows you to assign a meaning to anything what if you had the power to make anything you want mean anything you want in yourself in the minds of your subject that's what you just you're about to learn how to do.

But we're doing it in the in the context of programming our own minds to manifest and tap into our own resources easier. But you can take it put it right. In your therapy practice okay. All right.

Let's do this drawing and. Then we'll put the cherry on the. Sunday shall we or do you want me to do the cherry on the the information. First and.

Then wait for this greedy okay. Yeah won't be. I'm greed is good baby remember. I demand that you become successful.

I give you permission to go out charge a lot of money have the life you want and. Then show other people how to get it. I demand it right. Show the world by being an example of what an empowered human being actually looks like okay.

I feel like the great. Karnak every time. I do this salami sandwich okay. If you know who.

I'm talking about you're you're level 57 like me. Sherry and. Visage well-being. Jay.

Jackson come on down [Applause] make way don't trip her don't be bashed don't be mean bring it in. Gully congratulations take that to. Stephanie let her know you won the raffle and she'll she'll get you on the list thank you perfume [Laughter]. Sonya.

Gill [Applause] congratulations ah what the hell holy. Stokes the universe speaks to me in mysterious ways bring it in congratulations take that to. Stephanie let her know you won the the raffle and she'll put you on the list all right. So two of the most powerful language patterns that exist both in ericksonian hypnosis they don't tell you this by the way right.

It's one of my one of my biggest criticisms in. NLP think of it it's a tragic truth that the most powerful communication system in the world can't accurately describe itself without causing confusion. I make a. I'm gonna make the number two.

NLP practitioner in the world by globalgurus.org. I've been that way for seven years right. So yeah maybe my opinion matters for something or. Not.

Right. But the thing is is that um well. I opened it myself. But the bottom line is when you when you take an.

NLP class you have all this amazing information spread out before you like a buffet. But nothing is marked. So you don't know what's an appetizer what's a main course what's nutritious what's garnish and you got to figure that out the thing. I started today off with control your state get report you know use your language manage their state jump into their process bond to their.

Criterion values is called the critical path of influence that's the process to make anything easy in. NLP we call it the universal persuasion formula because it allows you to influence human beings anytime anywhere under any circumstances individually or in groups just follow the formula use whatever tools you have that fit that bill if you want more training we have stuff for that. I'll show you where to go for that. But.

So every day and every way. I'm getting better and better because fill in the blank now take a minute write down one or two things you'd like to manifest more of. But write them down in the form of a yin formation the reason we call it information is because. Yin is is emptiness it's space and that space needs to be filled and your autonomic nervous system fills it because it fills it with its own reasons for why it can do something you don't resist it and it activates and gives you access to your resources and you don't need a hundred thousand repetitions to do it now if you took.

That information and did the same amount of reps you would normally do imagine what your body's going to feel like right. After five you felt the electricity going didn't you if you didn't it's okay. Just do more if you speak them out loud it becomes even more powerful all you have to do to take it one step further every. So let's let's do let's use this one.

I'm. I'm now loving all right. Let me. I am now earning earning uh 100K a year which for someone that's a lot of money 100K per year because fill in the blank and.

Then tag this on and that means that's your structure. I am make it bigger. I'm now earning a hundred thousand dollars per week because or per month or year because. I know what to do and how it works and that means.

I can do this right. That's just an example again because and that means when you have that when you have one of your affirmations that you want to work with speak it or or shout it out loud in your own mind in that structure five times and tell me what happens in your body [Music] go ahead again the clock's running. So now what. I will do is um sorry.

I didn't mean to interrupt you go ahead just trying to get everything in when you're done just look. Up here and smile right. How many have done it raise your hands what happened in your body what's that wish anybody else get whoosh or a buzz okay. When it happens it's almost like an electricity in my body that.

I feel right. So how many noticed that there was a really strong electrical feeling and maybe in the how many still notice the little ickiness yes. It's probably a lot less this time. But there might still be some now you know how to clear it you have use the transformational trial we taught you yesterday you point to where you feel it you turn it into a color you.

Magic. Frame it you move it behind you it's done it's that fast. So you can use your information it's not just to manifest. But to figure out what you need to clear for real right.

Because if you keep going in and looking for to clear you'll find it and. Then you become chronically therapized and what that means is you keep looking for to fix because you can't go forward until you fix all your. But you always find more. So you never go forward.

So the secret to this once again and this is what. I teach all my students move forward when you find something that blocks you clear it and keep moving forward don't keep looking for stuff to fix because you'll find it right. That's my little word of wisdom. So for those of you who did not get a chance to win today there's always tomorrow.

But if you want to come train with me and. I can get the whole system this this program if you were to go up to. Salvo before today would be 33.94. I want you to get out of pen and paper and write this number down um well just take 500 off.

So anybody who registers today. I will give you this package at 500 less than 33.94 whatever that is all you gotta is go see. Salvo and talk to him okay. That's all.

I got time for thank you. So much if you if you liked what you had tell everybody about it if you didn't like it tell me when somebody else's training yes. Uh-huh okay. You don't have to talk sure [Music] not at all hold on a.

Second [Music] for you yeah all right. [Music]. I play one on. TV ready [Music] all right.

Let me show let me shut this down yes. That's in. Laws of. Attraction that's.

Next that's in. August in. San. Diego.

I have to tell you just. So day two and a half right. Of everyone. I've listened to yeah well thank you thank you that's what.

I try. I really do yes. Sarah all right. Ready three two one three two one nice you gave the phone to the kids oh all right.

All right. All right. All right. This lady wants to get in here that's all right.

[Music] thank you all right. Let me get this out of here. So. I can get out of her way.
