Title: kNOlEwCo8mc.txt
Video Id: kNOlEwCo8mc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNOlEwCo8mc

Um five hello hello hello everyone welcome to facebook. Meeting for fun and profit i'm going to be your host for tonight dr david snyder i just want to welcome you. So um i kind of gave you guys a brief introduction into a hold on some people are not muted. So let's go ahead and mute everybody really quick okay.

Perfect all right. So um okay. Let me just make sure i've got on here all right. A couple of things before we get into the webinar today today's webinar is all about how to use face reading to understand yourself and others how to predict people's behavior profile their personality and temperament specifically character well not necessarily character.

But temperament and personality as well as a whole slew of other things um this class is all about practical application if if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn and discuss in the field of face reading and we're going to go and sit and we're going to talk about some things in this particular class that i haven't talked about maybe this way before. But if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the short amount of time we have uh we have time for this much. So my commitment to you. First and foremost is i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i will point you in the direction of where to go to take your skill sets to the.

Next level is that a fair trade if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chat for me this is an interactive webinar i love questions i love to share this information. But there are some ground rules we need to get out of the way and there's some things i want uh to know about really really quickly uh. First and foremost go ahead keep typing it's all right. There's a little bit of a lag here.

So i'm gonna deal with that. But perfect all right. So my. First question is how many uh for my edification how many people here are this is your.

First time on a webinar experiencing the madness and mayhem that is dr david go ahead and type that into the chat if you're a. First timer what your name is where are you checking in from we'll go ahead and get that out of the way really quick ready says nope. First time from virginia very good a lot of first-timers okay. How about if you've been a veteran if you've been in planet david for longer than three or four months go ahead and type in the chat veteran and uh how long you been with us okay.

Lots of people been you guys been around for a while okay. I'm gonna have to pull out the big guns now huh all right. Ken from colorado mike's okay. Very good.

First face reading okay. Cool cool face reading for me has been an amazing amazing journey um it has allowed me to take all of the influence and therapeutic skills social skills that i thought i had a pretty good handle on uh and take them to a whole different level and of course i'm never going to stop learning i'm never going to stop researching. So i'd like to share some of those insights with you now obviously yeah the vast majority of people here have been around for quite some time. So you know my webinars are not short right.

There's always an offer connected with a webinar. So that once you get the actionable skills we want you to have today you can choose to take it to the. Next level this webinar is no. Different.

So here's what's going to happen we're going to cover the foundations of face reading we're going to cover the why is the where force what we can do with it what we can't do with it maybe some of the scientific and and kind of corroborate past and present what we know about ancient face reading or classical face reading and more modern understandings of facial characteristics personality and temperament there actually is a correlation uh between what the chinese and the asian cultures discovered centuries ago and what modern neuroscience and biobiology has discovered today i'm going to share a little bit of that with you my research is ongoing. But the bridges i've found have shown me that what the chinese figured out oh. So many years centuries ago is actually very very true today and now we have a little bit of the science to understand why that might be true okay. Please feel free to check up on any of the sources that i give any inaccuracies are purely my fault um i take credit for the synthesis not the source.

So that being said if you logged in expecting a 90-minute webinar where i tease you t you tease you and. Then say buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff uh you might be a little bit shocked and disappointed my job here is to take you again deep dive into this material with things that you can actually use one of the problems that we have when we start studying these these various fields of influence and persuasion is that we have we often get confused by what information is useful versus what's interesting. So i make a couple of distinctions a interesting and useful well actually useful interesting and useful interesting. But not useful um and that's kind of where i'm gonna i'm paring down the information i've spent.

Last three or four years really going through the face reading materials that i was taught and reorganizing them. So you didn't need a background in chinese medicine or you know medical theory yin yang uh concepts or laws to make use of it that being said i'm also going to be launching in in probably the. Next six to 12 months a classical face reading uh system that is parallel to the one i'm teaching you now uh. So for those who want to go into the classical chinese aspects um we're not offering it yet.

But it's coming what we're going to give you today is how you can just look. At somebody's face and in a very in a very short amount of time extrapolate usually within 90 seconds you can extrapolate their emotional predominance the emotions are repressing what their personality is most their character and temperament is most likely like and how you can actually use you can take these same things look. At your face every morning and notice how what's the state of your emotional physical health how to predict behavior and profile people. So that's kind of where i want to go today i'm going to in a moment i'm going to not yet.

But in just a moment i'm going to be talking lovingly starting my my formal presentation which i lovingly call the dr david dog and pony show and i will be veering off the powerpoint from time to time the other thing i want to be very very clear about is this is not my webinar it's yours and. So i'm going to give you a canned presentation for about the. First 60 to 75 minutes i'm going to go through the things that i think are important to have. Then we're going to veer off and we're going to actually present the training programs that we have available for you today as a one-time offer and.

Then we're going to circle back and we're going to start to answer your specific questions that you have about face reading how to apply it in your life what to look. For things of that nature. So that's my plan. So uh like i said um the if you're interested in just getting a training package or something like that.

Then anytime after the the midway point you're welcome to jump off if you want to stay on and go deep dive into some of the more esoteric aspects of face treating some more practical applications and get your specific questions answered i invite you to stay till the end of the webinar uh because there's always stuff that comes out i didn't even know i knew and i i often say the better the question the uh the better the training and this is a training i want you to come away with some things that you can just put into practice right. Away and uh and. So that's what i've done uh with the. First portion this webinar is kind of pared it down into the areas that i think will give you the biggest bang for your buck in terms of understanding people including yourself pers of thought processes emotional well-being character and temperament these are things that i think again um like i said there's such a vast vast um body of information when it comes to face reading it's paring it down sometimes can be difficult and.

Then making it linear for everybody that can understand it can be very very difficult as well. So that being said um at some point i'm going to ask you to type your most important questions in in the uh the webinar chats and i will actually go through those after that after the offer and i will start to just cherry pick and and kind of bring all these things together in a way that you can put into practice by the way does that sound like a fair deal if you think that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat form okay. As far as i can at the time we have i'll point you where to go for the. Next level and i'll answer as many questions as i can in that time cool now my final disclaimer before i begin the dog and pony show is this if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your your.

Next 98 to 90 minutes to three hours i don't try to offend anyone. But i do tend to be very provocative in my uh my presentation style and that's a good thing because as a face reader when you're doing therapeutic face reading for example one of the things you have to learn how to do is to compassionately poke the bear provoke people because that's how you get the shen or the spirit back into the body now that's some shen is a term um that comes from classical chinese face reading and we'll actually talk a little bit about classical approaches versus what we're going to be doing in today's webinars as part of kind of the foundation for this. So you can make a decision which direction you want to go. First that being said let's go ahead and oh by the way this means yes.

This means no. There will be a test this means i know the answer this means i don't this means i hope he doesn't call with me right. I won't call him any people in this webinar okay. All right.

So let's go ahead and uh and jump into our slide presentation and get through the foundations right. Again how to instantly read anyone's personality in just minutes understand how people think and behave uncover hidden traumas read people repressed emotions know how to persuade and influence people measure sexual romantic compatibility i am curious just for my edification um which one of these four or five bullets are you most interested in go ahead and take a moment type that in the chat for me you know what do you which part of this do you want me to really kind of drill down on healer sexual romantic compatibility how did i know that was going to be a favorite influencing people very good okay. We only have two understanding people very good okay. Reading people okay.

Excellent all right. So for those of you again because most of you are veterans or been around planet david for a while i'm gonna just go through my bio really really quick who's dr david snyder and why should i care well. First of all most of you already know i am a doctor of acupuncture and chinese medicine i graduated from pacific college of oriental medicine i've had an active practice in solana beach california uh since 2006 uh where my specialty has been dealing with clinical or physiological illness that's due to repressed emotion. So i spent a lot of time pulling uh looking underneath the hood of human beings how they think how they feel and and helping them get through stuff i've i also author over 15 different products and various forms of human influence everything from conversational persuasion and influence covert hypnosis vibrational healing vibrational influence skills as well as space reading and behavioral influence techniques um in in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org and i would very much appreciate your vote for 2022 it would be very nice my course killer influence was named the number one nlp course of the year by global gurus for that year as well that's a little bit of our uh the rankings the things the people we beat out for the number one spot okay.

I also have um attempt to be black belt in rookie kempo karate fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao. Second degree black belt kosher kampuru. First degree black belt in funkuru which is an american form of jiu jitsu kind of like a combat judo um certified instructor in combat systema cinco manuscrima and modern ornis i've also got a huge body of information on various forms of energy work and energy healing everything from reiki master teacher advanced chronic healer product psychotherapy dna theta healing bankston and various many forms of qigong interestingly my very. First exposure to face reading to reading the body.

So to speak actually came as a a side effect of my uh influences in china in uh ruku kempo one of the. First things that they taught us once we realized that this pressure point stuff this democ stuff this key stuff was actually real was they wanted us to understand the chinese five element system and how these different elements could create areas in the body that had energetic reservoirs that you could influence much easier than areas that were energetically numb or devoid of energy. So interestingly things have come full circle in that it was the martial arts that got me into face reading and actually into chinese medicine. But i've always been fast and again this is where a lot of my energy studies came from was as a way to get better at martial arts changed my very my perspective on a lot of these energetic disciplines and i came to it with eyes.

That most people don't usually have because most people are coming at it from a healer's perspective where i was looking at it from a way to how do i use this for influencing people in ways that maybe not just for healing. But for for self-defense or persuasion influence. So again um you go deep enough for your own reasons and you come usually wind up coming full circle. So what all these things have in common though i mean how does how does this you know the martial arts and the chinese uh and five elements and the nlp and the hypnosis and all these things that i do what do they have in common well the truth is one thing pattern recognition you see everything human beings do the entire universe that we we exist in is a series of interlocking principles interacting principles and and the same structures that control pretty much every aspect of the universe manifests at different levels of human creation or human awareness human experience.

So what does this have and these things leave marks these these patterns leave clues and if we know what to look. For if we know what to listen for. Then we can ex we can perceive these these patterns and these markings in the world around us. But not only that we can look.

At the microcosm which is the human being and we can see these same patterns and structures playing out and unfolding in the physiology in the psychology the endocrinology and and. So that's part of my job as a teacher is to to share with you the act as a bridge if for lack of a better word between all of these apparently different fields of study and show you where they're all the same. So the structures and the patterns arise and you can actually use the universe as a way to teach you pretty much everything you need to know about how to get what you want be the person you want to be that being said um we're going to go as far as we can the time we have i'm going to do my best to eliminate jargon or things that may be confusing. But if you do have a question again don't be bashful if you uh have a question type it in the chat if it's relevant to the section that we're on and i have time i'll go ahead and answer it if it's not relevant i may put a tack in it or put a pin in it until we certainly find a section of the webinar where it isn't relevant um if one of our veterans has the answer or experience with that question they can go ahead and type that in and.

Finally if you didn't uh if that's still you still want something more fleshed out you'd like me to personally answer that question when this video goes live on youtube go ahead and type your retype your question in the comments section uh below the video and i will circle back and i will actually type an answer in there for you okay. Um. So is this class for you well a lot of people are interested in sexual and romantic compatibility a lot of people are interested in influencing others and understanding yourself. So if i'm gonna just list off a few things for you and if this works for you just type in that's for me that's for me that's for me that's for me.

So how many would like to become more attractive to the opposite sex and maybe make them find you charming fascinating and irresistible you think that would be a useful thing to be that in the chat if you think that's useful how many of you would like to be the most fascinating person at a party like the point everybody can't stop talking to or talking about you think that'd be useful be warned if you start doing this face reading stuff in parties you will have a line out the door you may not get home for a very long time okay. If you'd like to learn how to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate confidence move through the world looking younger more fit more vital this is really a good place for you to be if you'd like to make more money from your job maybe even find a better job or if you hire people if you'd like to be able to look. At somebody and find out okay. Is the job opening i have is this person a good fit or not space reading for centuries was actually used in business as a way to determine if somebody was actually who they appeared to be because in ancient china it was very very easy for people to forge documents.

But a qualified face feeder could look. At the shaping of your face the facial features and they could actually you know with a very high degree of accuracy match the quality personality to the credentials and that's still used a lot in china and and asian countries today right. Just like in france if um they still use handwriting analysis to vet potential employees and things of that nature it's also used in matchmaking. So that's why again a lot of the things that we're going to be talking about are very very powerful in terms of finding a compatible partner in terms of finding and the hell no.

People. So to speak right. Uh if you'd like to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people this is going to be a top level skill for you okay. If you like to program yourself to get rid of your money blocks to create more financial abundance and and motivate people.

So they actually want to follow your lead this is a great place for you to be um again if you'd like to put people under your spell this is one of the little known um components of face reading is that as you do these as you start to unpack the features in people's faces there's a phenomenon known as shendeshen transmission that takes place it's a kind of rapport a rapport connection we teach it in cpi we teach it in killer influence we don't call it shen toshen connection we just call it kinesthetic rapport. But this shen de shen connection allows an inter an exchange of vibrational information between your nervous system and another human being that causes them to go into a very profound um suggestible state usually for therapeutic purposes. But it can be used for other types of influence as well. So again this is not something we normally talk about in the face reading webinar um we talk a lot about it in the phase reading classes because you have to be very careful um how you talk to people when you're doing an actual face reading.

So. But i wanted you to understand that there is a very powerful vibrational trans component through the face reading process that tends to happen now if you're just gonna do like a 90. Second reading or a distance reading where you're just going to look. At a person from across the room and not interact with them it's not quite as significant.

But if you're going to actually get in a one-to-one interaction with people this shen deschen communication when you start to do face shooting um you need to know how to manage it. So you can in fact put people under a very powerful spell because it gives it generates in the person that you're communicating with a higher level of perceived authority regarding you. So you psychologically position yourself in their mind as someone who is an expert on them and because we default to experts these people will actually take whatever suggestions or information that you you convey to them and it will go very very deep and it will have a deep emotional physiological reaction in fact if you if you're doing this in a therapeutic context you may actually see people's facial features change right. In front of you wrinkles may disappear noses and cheekbones may pop out or or bones may become more prominent it's a weird vibrational phenomena and you don't got to believe it you just got to do it and for those of you who've done face reading and have had have had people's faces change right.

In front of me go ahead and type in the uh in the chat what your experience was. So people can can actually see that i'm not making this up right. All right. Okay.

Okay. So here's my personal promise to you if you stay until the end of the webinar i'm going to teach you the most powerful and easy methods to read understand yourself and others how to understand personality and temperament because they're not the same uh how how to elicit somebody's trauma history how to know what emotions they're holding on to when significant traumas may have happened um how to judge engage sexual and romantic compatibility uh and how to become a master of people reading an influence we're going to show you how to take it to the. Next level okay. So that's kind of where we're going for today.

So my question for you is and i asked this already. But i'll ask it again because it may have changed what actually do you want to learn about today what's your what's your biggest most important question about face reading that i can answer for you today yeah reading client space okay. So let me show you this really quick. So this is this is a charter um this was a there's this is actually this uh this particular graphic that you're seeing can everybody see it okay.

This particular map is over 2500 years old i believe it was it's and it was found in one of the very oldest earliest books on chinese medicine it was page two. So chinese medicine and face-free and face training in chinese medicine have been a part of the entire system for almost three centuries now one of some of the differences between uh what i would consider classical face reading and modern face reading is um let me show you this this is a chart i just made up for you guys. So classical face reading divides the human being into four six four four or five different substances for that for lack of a better word jing which is the energetic and material foundations of the body a person and it relates to again from a western perspective a person's innate constitution the effects of their lifestyle the history of trauma history their emotional history and generic health. So we can read the entire body the state of your organs the emotional well-being that you have significant events that have happened to you um by looking at your face.

Then you have what we call the chi level which is all about personality attitude character and temperament this is going to be where the emphasis is going to be tonight because most of us just want to understand ourselves better you have a substance donation which is a very high vibration shen translates as spirit heart and mind. So this is all about this person's psychomotional health their charisma their spirituality their levels of charisma lie detection psychomotion things of that nature mental disorders gu possession um shen disturbances which are again mental disorders and. Then of course it gets into the more esoteric things which one is called ming ming min refers to your destiny or your golden path uh the spiritual mission that you came to this life to fulfill and uh it has a uh it's related to the chinese baca which is fortune telling basically and. Then.

Finally you have what they call the ling aspect and the ling aspect is really all about the magical or alchemical processes how do you convert chi jing into chi or or ling into qi and and becoming immortal basically. So this has a strong correlation with a lot of european alchemical practices a lot of psychotherapy hypnotic processes you'll see this a lot and it also has a prognosticative um aspect to it in other words a predictive aspect like fortune telling or predicting the future now again we're not going to talk about all these things today because again unless you have a background in chinese medicine they're not really going to help you all that much now if you want to learn about those things you know we'll have classes. Later on about that what we're going to talk about though is something i like to call um where is modern face reading modern face reading can be divided up into two primary components the. First and i'll use price we've used profiling as a way to say this.

So the. First is active profiling active profiling is things you might be used to if you watch shows like lie to me or the mentalist some of you are talking about the mentalist you're familiar with cold reading and what this is are and we call it active profiling because this particular study is based on emotional changes that occur in the moment for the microcosm okay. So for example um one of the things that you might see in in in using a micro expression or to and again guys like paul ekman joe navarro chase hughes um these are all people who have spent a lot of time unpacking the subtle shifts in facial behaviors uh emotional shifts body language things of the nature that happen in the moment does that make sense. So as i'm talking to you and you're having emotional responses some of them you'll be you'll feel okay.

About expressing others you'll want to repress and in that moment you try to repress things you may you may grimace or you may you may pout it's just it's a it's a micro expression happens in a fraction of a. Second usually indicative of a repressed emotion or emotion you're trying to control okay. That's what we call active profiling okay. This class will we can we're talking about it a little bit.

But we won't drill if you come to spycraft or defense against the dark arts we'll drill down more on these active profiling techniques. But what happens after a lifetime of micro expressions when we look. At a person's face and we see the results the effects the ramifications of all the things they've been holding on to they've been repressing them refusing to deal with the face they've been trying to show the world versus um what they do behind closed doors that leads us to what i call passive profiling and passive profiling is what we're going to be talking about today these are things that unless you go in and um directly seek to influence them are largely static they're they're the result of a lifetime of micro expressions if that makes sense you guys with me. So far is this useful okay.

Cool all right. So now um when we talk about face reading there's certain errors we're going to do some very big picture stuff. First. So one of the things that we want to talk about.

First and foremost is right. Versus left hop versus bottom when you look. At a person's face and you look. At their right.

Side okay. In chinese medicine the right. Side this is my right. By the way all right.

In chinese medicine a person's right. Side is considered their public face in other words this is the face that every they want to show everybody if you were studying um with applied behavior research or or you know any chase uses stuff who's a good friend of mine i really enjoy his work a lot we would call this your social mask right. The face you want to show the world the left side of the face is your private mask this is who you are when nobody's looking when the doors are closed the curtains are drawn when you're with by yourself or with your your most intimate trusting people you trust the most this is who you are okay. So one of the.

First things that we want to start to look. At in people is uh we want to look. At their and we want to use our left eye to do it this is a weird thing because most of us tend to be right. Eye dominant we tend to our our right.

Eye tends to focus on the other person's right. Side. So we want to start to look. At people through our left eye this is again something i learned from my teacher uh the late uh lillian bridges she authored the book.

Faith reading in chinese medicine and i honor and respect her she just passed away very very recently and. So part of the reason i'm i'm launching the the classical face reading systems is to honor her i'm left eye dominant should i use my left eye virginia i would say if you're if you're naturally left eye dominant. Then i think you could just go as is right. Uh i think that's that would be perfectly fine.

But i would test it just see which gives you a better reading. But notice that you're you tend to if you're right. Dominant you'll tend to look. At a person's right.

Side now why is this useful one of the things that you'll learn in defense against the dark arts and defense and and spy craft and a lot of the applied behavior material is we want to know what is the face that people want to show the world because that's what they want to have massage that's what they want to have stroked. So in business applications for example you don't want to pull back a person's private social masks or pers or public face unless you want them to feel vulnerable and in many cases defensive that's really not a good idea in business applications okay. In fact strategically what you want to do when you look. At somebody's public face is you want to you want to deliver messages and communications that make them feel validated on the public side does that make sense does everybody know what i mean when i say validation type in the chat if you again i need to know you're with me because this can get kind of dry sometimes yeah okay.

Good. So one of the best ways to do both simultaneously is to use a technique we call the echo technique the echo technique is the most ethical powerful and um unstoppable way to just get deep level rapport and massage the public and the private master at the same time okay. So let me show you let me go back to some of my graphics here and jump into this um by the way and also in terms of let me just finish this up really quick i have a little note here under passive profiling what you're going to see is that there's actually a correlation a lot of people have a criticized the classical chinese approaches because they say it's not scientific the work of dr helen fisher has established that there's actually a correlation between certain facial characteristics and personality type okay. And that's.

Then that directly goes to behave the behaviors that they create we're gonna i'm gonna show you that um shortly let's see here let's go up to public and private. So once again for those of you who want to take a screenshot or whatever. So for mass this is what people want you to see versus what they don't want you to see. So if we look.

At this particular graphic again i apologize for the pixelation. So the left side is our private face very left side is private right. Side is public what do we want to look. At when we're assessing a person's right.

Versus left side well the. First thing we want to look. For is asymmetry why do we want to do that because the side the relative size of a person's feature give you a very strong indication of their of their temperament now what i thought the the particular trait i talk about right. Here is the eyes.

When i'm looking at the eyes. I want to look. At the right. Side versus the left side and i want to figure out which is bigger now when left when the eye the eyes.

Tell us how open a person is how emotionally available and expressive they are if you see someone who has a an eye that's bigger on the right. Side this tells you that when they're in public they will be more expressive they will be more open to ideas they will tend to be more forthcoming in things if that public eye is actually held closed or smaller this person will tend to be a little bit more secretive they'll be a little bit more um they'll filter the information a little better both going in and out. So when you see someone holding their eyes. Like if they have big eyes.

For example and they hold them open this is somebody who is going to be a lot more trusting a lot more emotionally expressive um. But not going to hold things back quite. So much they it can it can be an indication of suggestibility not always though means they have a very open heart someone whose eyes. Are held closed or more narrowed these people are very selective they and and filth and and they filter information that comes in they filter information coming out they're the kinds of people who will tend to answer a question with a question if you're talking to somebody in in terms of lie detection or and.

Then their eyes. Are very open and you ask a question all of a sudden the eyes. Get very squinty or very narrow you might see this the light behind the eyes. Kind of dim a little bit you've just triggered somebody you've tapped into something that they don't want to they don't want to give out of there they're going to be they're suddenly a little bit more suspicious and worry i guess is a good way to say it.

So when we look. At how wide the eyes. Open and the reason that we say that is because the shadow the spirit comes to the heart and. Then it shines up out the eyes.

So you've ever seen somebody who was very depressed for example and all of a sudden something happens and they get very joyful their eyes. Just kind of light up and this energy just kind of beams out the spirit the the chinese call that having shen or spirit means more of their their um their energetic field is actually in their body and animating it and what happens when people start to lie unless they get joy from the line okay. And that's psychopaths and um a lot of your sociopaths will have a little duping delight you can see a change in the light behind the eyes. Okay.

And and. So that if you see that the eyes. Start to squint you see the light kind of dim a little bit that's usually an indication that you've triggered them in some way. But when i look.

At somebody's public side versus private side if that eye is held really more open on their publix on their private side i know that behind closed doors this person is a lot more forthcoming a lot more emotional in many cases um takes in information a lot easier. So this is again some things that we want to look. At because it's this it's the relative symmetry between the right. Side and the left side that gives us an indication of who a person is to the public who they are behind closed doors okay.

Um. So when we look. At um cheekbones while we book. You don't see this too often sometimes you'll see cheekbones that are asymmetrical this just tells you how bossy they are they tend to be i don't see a lot of asymmetry in cheekbones.

But i do see a lot of asymmetry in the mouth many times is the mouth big or small right. Is it bigger on the on the right. Side versus the left side is the mouth upturned or downturned people who have upturned mouths tend to be a little bit more on the optimistic side they tend to be more in the the glasses have full side uh it can also lead to a little bit of unnecessarily gullibility. But more suggestibility um.

But you'll find many times when you look. At your right. Side versus your left side that the the thickness of the lips for example let me move this really quick okay. That's not helping me i'm using it's not letting me okay.

Um how big are the lips at the lips four on one side versus the other and this actually and when we talk about the fullness of the lips hold on a. Second you're actually going to see a a direct correlation between active profiling and passive profiling the thinner the person hold close the thinner a person's lips are the more they're repressing the more information they're they're holding back and refusing to let out. So if you if you and if they have a lot more lip you and again this this would be something you would do in a phase reading. But if you if you peeled down this lip and you saw a lot more lip that was wet behind here you could see that this person was probably going through a lot of uh it was living spending a lot of time in environments where they're not allowed to express where they have to kind of bite back and hold back the things that they want to express if you're talking to somebody and you ask them a question and you see this what we call lip compression this is what we call an active profile this is something that happens in the moment this is somebody who has something that they wanted to say.

But they're biting back they're holding back they don't want to say or they don't think they should say. So again you can see the people who hold their lips this way all the time and people who hold their who are only that way in the moment. So that's the difference between an active profiling technique and a passive profiling. But people who who really hold their lips uh tighter uh tend to be someone people who aren't as expressive who are very selective in the information that they let out okay.

They can also believe it or not they can also be actually more sensuous or sensual than people who have fuller lips which is kind of weird think about it. But if they only do it um around certain people whereas people with the full lips tend to be a little bit more outgoing in terms of what they um in terms of what they who they share with that makes any kind of sense uh. So again there are there are some really cool correlations between this and handwriting analysis which me was really really helpful um. So let's go back to this.

So one of the things that let me see here that's not what i want okay. Okay. So all right. We talked about this.

So the. Next thing i want to talk about really really quickly is would it be useful if you could look. At somebody and kind of know how they go about making decisions if we you know our. First our.

First looking at the face talked about the right. Side versus the left side in this. Next slide what we're going to talk about are what we call the three zones of the face now the chinese uh named the upper zone the the mental the heaven zone the middle zone was man or human and the. Third zone was earth and what this relates to is what is the kind of information a person wants to process.

First now in if we were studying nlp we would talk about something called uh propulsion propulsion systems and we also talk about modalities and what we've discovered is that human beings tend to have a preferred order to things that they do things. So if you look. At somebody who has a much larger upper zone in their head in their head you're seeing someone who's primarily data driven these are people that if you want them to make a decision they're going to ask you for the data to support whatever whatever ask you have people with a larger middle zone people with a larger middle zone tend to be more on the practical side these are people when you talk to them they want to know what how what you have is going to do for them what's it going to do with them how's it going to make their life easier what's the practical benefits of having it or doing it or or owning it right. The.

Next layer is going to be what we call the earth zone the earth zone people these people tend to be much more emotional and instinctive they're very i guess the best way to say this is they're very gut driven okay. So and the secret way to figure for them to get to act on something is do they love it now one of the things that the common misconceptions that happens with people when they look. At these three zones is that they think that we're one or the other we aren't one or the other we're all three the difference is what's the preferred order that we do these things in are we somebody who likes to uh look. At something we love for example look.

At something we love think about what it will do for us and. Then look. At the data that supports it that would be a one two three code right. Or could we be someone who wants to know okay.

Give me all the data that supports the conclusion you want me to have right. I'll see if i if my gut tells me it's right. And. Then i'll look.

At what it'll do for me. So in this case you have a what we call a three one two code right. And. Then.

Finally of course tell me what it will do for me show me the data that supports it and. Then does it check out does my does my gut tell me it's a good thing to do right. So when we look. At these propulsion systems or we look.

At decision-making processes if you go to a place like um well again uh. So whatever whatever tech campus you have in and around your area. So if you go to a college campus for example and. Then in the tech and especially the tech areas or you go to silicon valley or you go to qualcomm and you just hang out on the campus in and around lunchtime you'll see that the vast majority of people walking around have a massive upper zone my partner uh with jet webinar brandon burr every time i ask him a question he answers me with a spreadsheet.

So people have this very large upper zone love data they love to process data they love to to extrapolate and get out and think abstractly right. If you try to present a data driven person with a gut level presentation they're going to look. At you and say and it's going to have little to no. Effect because the.

First thing they're going to ask you is where's your data right. Where's the proof that this is going to do what you say if you try to hit somebody who's got a very large middle zone who's very pragmatic and practicality driven and you start hitting them with all this data when we study show this and this and this the person is going how's that going to make my life easier what can i do with that right. So the idea in terms of understanding these three zones is you want to look. At the relative ratios of upper middle and lower and present the information to the person in that sequence.

So if they're if they're if their biggest zone is data their smallest zone is emotional or gut driven. Then you would present you know three two one if they're pragmatic and. Then data driven and. Then emotional.

Then you go up two three one right. Can you get away with just presenting one yeah you probably could. But if you really want to cover all your bases and make sure that you've got their maximum attention looking at it this way and a lot of this actually will correspond to some of the myers-briggs type indicators and things like that it's kind of cool thinker right. Judger perceiver.

Anyway. So again little little cross references there let's see the questions matthew says did i say becoming more yeah that's the that's what we call the ling mod which is more than the alchemical metaphysical sides okay. Is this is this is can you see how we could use this does this make life easier a little bit i'm hoping go ahead and type it in come on guys let me know you're with me right. The.

Next thing i'd like to talk about and to me the the the. Next map i'm going to share with you to me the moment i saw it in lillian's class was the one that just really sent off all kinds of alarm bells for me it was one that allowed me to really say okay. That's useful what we're going to talk about. Next is would it be useful if you could look.

At somebody and know what emotions are expressing what emotions they're repressing um whether they're skeptical whether they're you know more trusting things of that nature would that be useful okay. So how many of you guys are therapists or coaches or salesmen or do some form of influence or therapeutic work okay. This particular map for those applications it's going to be probably the single most useful map um that i've come across and there's lots of maps by the way lots of maps. So this is called the emotional map of the face it's the one i usually spend the most time in a webinar on and again we're going to go we'll i'll keep teaching from the emotional map until about a quarter past.

Then i'll present to you the the training opportunities we have coming up. Then i'll circle back finish the emotional map and. Then we'll drill down on any specific questions that you ask does that sound like a fair a fair process yes. Or yes.

Okay. So let's look. At the emotional map of the face okay. So this is um i usually do this in clockwise order we're going to take this in groups of three or four and.

Then i'll take questions on these three or on that group and. Then we'll move on. So starting if this is the 12 o'clock position right. Up here this is our one o'clock right.

So the. First one i want to talk about is skepticism skepticism can be seen by a line directly extending directly from about the center of the eyebrow and contouring that eyebrow line. So these lines here are your skepticism lines and um remember that these line this particular map is showing you a single trait they can be bilateral in other words i can have i can have skepticism here i can also have it here. So skepticism doesn't only appear on the right.

Or left side what you do want to look. At though taking the the previous map on public versus private into consideration is when you look. At these traits which side are they deeper on right. Which side are they more pronounced because that will tell you where these traits are more dominant and what where they've been doing them most often the baptism can be seen as a line that extends from about the center of the eyebrow and i can now when i see it most of the time it's usually a tracing it usually literally really parallels that eyebrow okay.

The. Next the. Next uh trait we want to look. At is joy now joy extends from the outer corner of the eye also known as the inner canthus and it travels upward now when we talk about joy in terms of chinese medicine we need to kind of clarify a little bit uh in chinese five element theory chinese five element theory joy is considered they they say there are five pathological emotions one for each of the five yin organs they talk about joy being the the pathology that affects the heart the most the chinese conception of joy is actually more about excitement too much excitement can negatively affect the heart when you have too much excitement you often see what the chinese call mania mania can be seen as a line that extends from the outer canthus and this one travels up past the eyebrow.

So if you look. At again i'm not i'm not talking this in a political way. But if you look. At pictures of donald trump especially when he was in office you see him from the profile you will see these long lines traveling up the side from the from the outer campus upward this is why he was tended to be up at 2 o'clock in the morning tweeting these people don't sleep a lot okay.

So you have joy or happiness and when you see these lines these are good lines to have right. Also extending down from the inner outer canvas our shorter lines we call sadness lines. So these are more crop these would be more um acute let me change i got to change the stylus on this because it's too thick there we go. So sadness is seen as a line that extends from the outer canthus and it's short it doesn't go very far if that sorrow has been around for a while that sadness has been around for a while and it's usually older and deeper it will transform into what we call sorrow lines sorrow lines tend to extend down into the cheek area and one of the reasons that that we uh we say this is if you look.

At the facial map let me go back to this when a chinese medi this is what we look. At in terms of personality and temperament right. When a chinese medical practitioner looks at your face this is what they see. So you can see here going back to this this map of the sadness lines when sadness and sorrow extend down it passes into the liver or i'm starting to the lungs the lung line there's another line called the grief line and it's an older more deep level of sadness all of these pass through this lung area on the face.

So for those of you who see clients many times when you start to unpack things like copd emphysema asthma allergies these people will start you'll start to uncover hidden sadness grief or loss um migrating to that organ also when people start to clear grief there will be a very specific breathing pattern that they tend to exhibit and it almost goes like a right. And. So when you start to clear grief from the body the lungs will start to activate differently. So the the energy of sadness will go to go go short if it's long if they've had it longer and deeper more repressed it'll go about midway if it's something that's really really old really really deep it'll it'll tend to travel all the way down now what's interesting about sorrow is that it's unprocessed sadness and and and i'm sorry grief it's unprocessed sadness and sorrow if you unpack this you may be unpacking an um an event or an issue that happened when they were you know they may be 50 or 40 or 50 years old this may have happened when they were two and their response to it will be almost like it happened yesterday if that makes any kind of sense it's they've been they've been locking it down refusing to express it and it's and it's migrated just to create a physiological counterpart in the body the body works a lot on physiological metaphor really cool when you look.

At the from the holographic perspective which is why facial markings can change you'll notice as you clear this sorrow this grief out or the sorrow or the sadness those lines will start to fade we have pictures of people who began studying faith reading you know 20 30 years ago and they look. You know you can tell they're in their 40s or early 40s or 50s they're in their 60s going on 70s now and their their lines are gone because they've cleared up all their emotional baggage. But you can look. At somebody and if you see these blinds down the side of the face you know that they've been holding on to a lot of stuff they're very vulnerable to any kind of sadness-based influence okay.

But they lock it down if you start to clear these things and if you look. At your face in the morning you'll start to see you can look. At your face say okay. I need to work on clearing my sadness i need to work on clearing my grief i need to work on clearing up the loss there's one more line that i want to talk about and i'll start taking some questions about these and.

Then what we call a lost love line a lost love line starts at the inner canthus of the eye and and i've seen two variations on this it either comes straight down through that lung area once again or sometimes what it'll do is actually migrate across to the set towards the sadness area and. Then it'll come down. So let me show you what that looks like on the diagram. So if we're looking at lost love a lost love line will start at that inner campus and it'll migrate down now in golden path when we're teaching you how to get on your spiritual mission and become the best version of yourself we are very very sensitive to when these lines show up this line you know you know in spite of what the um the the label i guess lost love it doesn't necessarily relate to a person when we talk about lost loves what we're talking about many times is some activity that was that formed a fundamental part of this particular person's golden path right.

Something that when you did this activity you you just got more energy you lit up like a christmas tree on the inside made your heart sing you guys ever had an experience or have you ever had an activity that every time you did it you found energy even if you were like dog ass tired the moment you had an opportunity to do this thing you just boom all of a sudden you had you like the energizer bunny right. Moments we call those shen in moments in those moments those activities you came in these are part of the spiritual mission that the universe sent you here to do and. So you get extra energy you tap into extra energy reserves when you do those activities if. However a situation or circumstance or event happens in your life that causes you to stop doing them that loss to your personal identity will mark you from the inner campus across and down now one of the things that we do in our golden path workshops um is we we actually audit your entire life and we look.

At your pictures from when you were a little baby all the way up to the present moment and we look. At when you're you were more fully present in your body what activities you were doing and when you weren't. So we can figure out what happened that caused you to kind of lead to kind of step out we talk about shedding out we're talking about dissociation people tend to as they get more and more uncomfortable more more unhappy they tend to dissociate they enter dissociative states when we audit your life we're going to look. At places that cause you to be more in your body versus when you were more outside of your body and we do this through the light underneath the skin the face your facial expressions we also track these lost love lines because part of your golden path part of the the thing that gives you your best life are the things you stopped doing that made your your spirit be more in your body now an interesting thing happens when you start reincorporating these elements back into your life you get younger you get physically more healthy more vital the relationship status of people around you shift for the better and you move through successes in life faster.

But you have to learn how to use the innate gps the universe programmed into which is does it cause more shen or spirit to come into your body does more cause more shen to leave your body when you are forced to give up something that is part of your spiritual personal mission in this life you'll mark okay. So um the the common teaching story i use is let's say when you were a kid you fell in love with horses any time you had a chance to be around a horse to ride a horse take care of a horse your body lit up like a christmas tree you went to bed at night thinking about horses you you you know you got up thinking about horses and. Then maybe 10 15 years. Later down the line whatever it was you meet somebody and for whatever reason they don't like horses they're allergic to horses they're afraid of horses.

But because you love that person you give up horses you'll mark because that horse activity was such a big piece of your identity that you marked the passage of it in this sorrow. So all the things that deal with lung or the metal area of the face the negative aspect of it is loss any form of loss right. Short term long term whatever. So matthew says i stopped paying attention to a friend of mine or lost love lines were there constantly yes.

If there's a friendship that you and again. But i want to be very clear this can be a person. But many times it's an activity. So part of the things that we need to do as as counselors and therapists face readers behavioral profilers is we want to be aware of what the significance of this is and encourage people or stimulate that that need in some way to get them back on track that makes any kind of sense.

So these markings are always very very powerful um triggers and psychological levers in people if you see if you have these marks if you see marketing on these people be very very careful uh how you talk about it because you will trigger them emotionally okay. Okay. But you can get it back. So if you have the tools that we teach identity by design or regression or railroad trauma resolution self mastery supercharger or from the youtube channel the transformational triad you actually have some really really powerful tools to remove these lines and get that person back on track okay.

So um is this being useful is this helpful type in the chat okay. Let me look. At our youtubers um does anybody have any questions about the things i've covered. So far okay.

Um all right. Let's go on. Then the. Next set of traits i want to talk about hold on a.

Second are going to be uh humor bitterness and fear. So humor can be seen by a line in the bottom lip. So people with this particular marking love a good joke they can usually tell a good joke. So i would go.

So far as to say people with this line not only do they appreciate jokes they tend to have a really good sense of comedic timing either they just just kind of know when the right. Time to deploy a joke is sometimes you'll see people who have these little vertical lines directly below the lower lip you see these markings i want you to think bitterness right. Now the. Next bitterness over nurturing and disappointment are what i call the terrible trio because they almost always appear together they don't have to.

But they a lot of times um in cancer patients you will see these lines and. So let me explain kind of the ideology of what this is about and i want to start with the over nurturing aspect of it a lot of us who are very earthly who are very much want to take care of people or caregivers in some way we tend to give our energy to people and people with these markings often grow up following rules now here's what i mean we're taught that life has rules and if you follow them you'll be rewarded and that's the rule that that's the kind of the motto that they live by the you know god said i'm supposed to be a generous loving caretaking dutiful husband wife mother son whatever and. So what happens is these people get in a situation where they have to take care of people and they do it because that's what the rules say they're supposed to do they do it out of a sense of duty a sense of loyalty because they want to go to heaven whatever it is. But what happens is these people continue to keep giving.

But they never quite get back the level of nurturing that they're giving out and after a while they start to get very very tired and they keep giving and they keep giving and they keep giving with the expectation that it's going to come back from them and it never does right. And what's even more frustrating for them and because of that they become very disillusioned and that's where disappointment comes in hold on disappointment can be seen as a wrinkle at the corner of the mouth that trans trends downward. So after. So much over nurturing and not getting back they develop these lines when they realize that they're never going to get back um what they put out they get they they develop disappointment lines after a while they start to see something else and that is this other people don't play by the same rules and they get more stuff and after seeing that for a certain amount of time that bitterness that disappointment can become bitterness which is almost always seen as these horizontal lines directly below the lip okay.

Now when you take over nurturing disappointment and bitterness you have a recipe for cancer i've said this many times in other trainings and things like that there's no. Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient okay. Now it does not mean if you have these lines that you're going to get cancer it does mean. However that if you have these lines you need to start giving to yourself more than you give to others you need to stop expecting people to return things at the same level and you need to realize that you don't have to follow those rules right.

In fact when i see when i see these markings in people you almost always see these people people with this have some kind of irritable bowel constipation or intestinal issues usually digestive issues as well okay. Um we're not here to talk about the health aspects of it or the chinese medicine diagnostic aspect. But i can diagnose the entire body from the markings on your in the colorations on your face okay. When you have these three for a long enough period of time and the body doesn't see any way out these people will tend to manifest some kind of terminal or chronic illness okay.

So once again i'm not saying if you have these lines you are going to get cancer. But chances are if you have some form of chronic illness look. And see if any of these lines are present you may be surprised right. Now there's other there's other indicators of chronic illness that go beyond this.

But this is the one that i see play out a lot clinically when i start to help people um release it right. I've made a career helping people get rid of terminal and chronic illness. So i think this is important for us and again one of the you know a lot of you are saying that one of the reasons that you want to learn this is because you want to understand yourself better when you look. At yourself in the morning right.

Inventory the lines on your face make sure you're hydrated. First of all. But look. At the lines on your face and use them as a map to figure out what you need to work on because your face doesn't lie to you it's the passive markings on your face will not lie now sometimes these markings only come out when you're actually doing a facial expression like laughing or crying or whatever and that's okay.

That means they're just not quite as deep they're more hidden or more dissociated um. But if they're there when you're not making any form of active expression these are things you've been doing a lot and you really need to focus on clearing that now from an influence perspective if i see somebody with a lot of disappointment right. I could talk about how you know disappointing it can be when people don't focus on what i'm trying to tell them or that i think and i can actually get them i can actually using like some of the linguistic patterns and things like that i can i can stimulate positively or negatively that emotional trait in them and get them moving in a certain direction predictably now again most of the time when i use these things i'm just i'm just looking at it to understand who i'm dealing with. So i can have more compassion towards them.

But again when we start to want to influence and persuade people you know some of our most powerful triggers are not positive now i'm not a big fan at all of um negative stimuli influence-based techniques. But there are certain applications where people respond more consistently and predictably to an away from strategy than they will a. Third strategy right. And you should always build them together right.

But uh for those of you who are influenced students can you see how this might be useful in a behavioral influence type of a situation type yes. In the chat if you can for those of you who are therapists can you see how this can give you significant insight into the clients in front of you right. Okay. The.

Last one we're going to talk about before we jump into um training program we have going on is fear now i see fear in faces in one of two ways what you see on this particular map is what are wrinkles on the face. So if you have someone who's been whole and been living with a lot of chronic repressed fear you may see wrinkles i'll tell you what i see more often though is what they call the orange peel phenomena and the orange peel phenomena looks a little bit more like this let me use bigger dots. So you'll see little dots like little orange if you've ever seen the skin of an orange you'll see these little dots in this chin area people who have a lot of dots in this chin area or a lot of little dimples in this chin area are people who've been holding onto and repressing a huge amount of fear in their lives they're afraid they feel it strongly inside they just don't want you to know it okay. So when we start to look.

At this from a therapeutic perspective or from a behavioral profiling perspective these people are going to be highly susceptible to fear. But they'll deny it many times they'll be in denial. So again when i see that i know that when i start to talk to the unconscious mind and i start to take it to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source to be getting the root cause of xyz problem i'm probably going to be visiting some form of fear okay.

The. Last trait i want to talk about again i was going to edit it here. But this one is on the actually you know what we will end it here um and we'll talk about um what we've got coming up. So is this useful.

So far cool excellent very good with your permission uh i've prepared a little presentation for you in terms of how to take these skill sets to the. Next level. So that you can become some people were asking can you make money doing face reading yes. My my teacher lillian would regularly charge 700 750 a session to do face reading for people if you can do face feeding and you have the therapeutic skills to help them get over their you can charge even more.

So for those of you who want a really cool additional income stream or an alternative income stream becoming a certified face reader is a great way to take these behavioral profiling skills your character and profiling skills these diagnostic skills to a whole different level to that end for those of you who want to understand yourself better do sexual enrollment compatibility which we'll talk about when we come back i prepared a package for you that i'd like to show you. So with your permission i'm going to go ahead and present that to you is that okay. Cool all right. Let me find my powerpoint if permission has been granted introducing the face reading for fun and profit secrets of people reading a personality transformation home study course this is a course that will teach you all about how to take your life to the.

Next level utilizing the skills of what i call modern face reading it's going to teach you how to understand yourself better how to read people instantly even from across the room how to predict their behavior how to help more people by understanding them their public side their private side the things they want the things they're holding on to the things they don't want to talk about and helping them get clear of it you'll feel more confident because when you look. At somebody everything you need to know about them will be as plain as the literally the markings on their face if you'd like to feel more powerful and confident socially adept become the most influential charming charismatic and irresistible person at parties on networking functions closing more sales this is probably one of the most important packages that you can take advantage of right. Now and here's what we put together now this offer does expire tonight at 11 59 p.m that's november 4th 2021 and here's what we got. First and foremost we're going to give you the secrets of face reading proponent profit home study course this is a course that will teach you systematically uh how to assess personality character and temperament uh how they help discover how people think and make decisions how to unlock their emotional trauma.

So you can either figure out when they happened as well as how to help people resolve them you'll learn how to about people's management style based on their facial markings certain facial characteristics and constellations of brow bone and chin jawline cheekbones when these come together in certain uh configurations you can almost always extrapolate what a person's management style or uh relationship style is going to be you'll learn all about sexual and romantic compatibility one of the things that that we've discovered and maybe if we have time when we get back to the regular presentation we'll talk about um the correlation between hormonal pathways uh physiology chinese five element theory and uh even the e the western uh approaches from the ancient greeks and how they are actually mean the same things in terms of behavior personality and temperament how you can start to unpack those for compatibility purposes uh we'll talk about the ability to manage money and other resources different facial configurations actually relate and manage money differently they have different sets of outlooks and behavioral profiles for accumulating wealth for maintaining their wealth things of that nature and once you understand this you can actually change or work with work towards your strengths and minimize your your weaknesses. So to speak you'll learn how to connect with people far more powerfully than you've probably ever been able to do before because you'll create that what we call that shendushan or kinesthetic report transmission that allows you to deeply influence and feel understood and communicate to somebody in a way that they feel completely understood as well as positioning yourself psychologically in their mind as the absolute authority on who they are it's really really powerful it's something you should not do except with the utmost respect for the person you're doing it with. But it does give you tremendous tremendous influence over the average human being and insight into how they work um you literally become the most fascinating person to everyone you meet especially if you combine this with the echo technique and one of the best parts is it becomes very very hard for people to kind of pull the wool over your eyes. Ever again as a byproduct of this kind of training.

So this is a live video course that we created it was filmed live it's uh 14 it's 1 497 value and it's one of the most powerful approaches to being able to literally speed read another human being in as little as 90 seconds once you've been through the training total value is 1 497 comes with a fully illustrated and fleshed out manual and we for those of you who want to take advantage of this we're also going to throw in these special bonuses to round out your training we're going to include the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course this is a 1 497 value when you use this in combination with faith reading you have a massive one-two punch you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts it's going to teach you how to systematically unlock the power of the subconscious mind. So you can literally hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere under any circumstances you'll be able to rapidly find and remove blocks and limiting beliefs uh or dissolve the negativity that that is holding you back clear up issues that just don't seem to go away it'll show you how to change the crappy voice inside of your head. So that it's one into one that builds you up and motivates you and inspires you and gives you approval rather than the one that's always talking about you and trying to hold you back right. If you're wondering what i mean by that it's the voice in your head that just said what voice right.

It'll teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people you truly admire and desire to be like it'll teach you instant rapid inductions conversational hypnosis how to uh do a 30 minute consultation that has a 99 chance of having that person eagerly voluntarily uh signing up to become a client for you. So much more it's also an introduction to regressive technique called the gift very powerful training it's a five-day training uh that we videotaped for you giving it to you here uh total combined value if you combine this with the face reading program that we just talked about is 2994. But we're not going to stop there we're also going to include because a lot of you are into energetics a lot of you into the chinese five elements and various forms of chronic healing uh bangsten things of that nature for those of you who want to take your skills and your understanding even deeper we're going to include as part of this program our special vibrational healing energy secrets and remote influence almost study course this is a 1497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free this is going to teach you how to unlock the powers of your mind body and spirit and control your energy build it and use it you'll be able to channel it focus it harmonize with it tune into various things you'll learn how to clean and balance chakras you learn how to measure sakura's shy's and depth um how to repair chakras you learn how to influence and heal people at a distance from across the room from across the planet and our. Last vibrational healing class seth took.

A bunch of people out into the hallway and had them actually raising and lowering people's blood pressure pulse rates and body temperatures and like 20 after like 20 seconds of of of teaching them you need to understand shenduchen transference or kinesthetic rapport to facilitate that level of influence. But once you understand how to do it which is what you're taught in uh in both in identity by design you'll be able to do this very very consistently and we use actual machines to measure that. So you'll be able to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away a lot of times the things that we carry are comic you learn how to tap into those current those levels of karmic vibrational um containers that we talk about and how to make them go away you learn how to boost your intuitive and psychic abilities you'll learn certain mudras and hand positions that allow you to amplify certain neurological pathways in your body that have a correspondence to certain abilities you learn how to manifest things you want in the shortest amount of time impossible and absolutely protect yourself against psychic manipulation and psychic attack if you really want to tap into your true power your true potential as a spiritual being you want to tap into the energetic sides of you as well as the behavioral sides of you this is one of the most powerful extensions of the of the face reading training that we can give you total value is one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars combine that with everything that we just explained to you total value if you were to try to buy these on the website and some of these you can't even buy is four thousand four hundred and ninety one dollars. But wait as the as the old commercial goes there's more you know there's a lot more to reading people than just their face and.

So we've included a special bonus called people reading for fun and profit body language secrets home study course this is a 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free this is going to take your people reading skills to a whole different level literally because now we're going to talk about not just about facial expressions we're going to talk about body language the study of kinesics we're going to understand that we're going to teach you the body language and expressions body language of attraction what that looks like the seven stages human beings go through when they're moving from stranger to intimacy what i lovingly call one plus one equals three and how that mating paradigm or like those body language positions from the mating paradigm the attraction paradigm actually become the avatar or the archetype of all other social interactions we'll teach you how to detect lies and other forms of deceptive behaviors the 15 most important techniques to look. For in a simple easy user-friendly way we'll teach you how to influence people dramatically without using your words how to use state control shendeshen transference or we call it in this particular class kinesthetic rapport men you learn to understand women better ladies you'll learn to understand men better you'll learn how to dress for success in ways that actually frame you the way you want to be framed and position yourself in the minds of the people around you we call it personal branding and this is something that when people whenever we do it people get. So excited because it gives them the most important information they need to be perceived the way they want to be perceived right. We're going to show you systematically how to eliminate the behaviors that weaken your influence and amplify the ones that make you more charismatic persuasive influential and authoritative okay.

You'll automatic and as a byproduct of this you will automatically find yourself closing more deals getting more dates becoming a charismatic magnetic human being the life of the party um again when you start talking to people about themselves you have their undivided attention we're going to show you how to leverage that both verbally and non-verbally it's a 997 dollar value you combine that for the total package value of 5 488. But as you can probably guess we're not done yet see one of the biggest questions i get from people is how do i catch liars. So i threw together this special crash course this is called the lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar uh crash course it's a 97 dollar value it's a two or three hour breakout that i did on the 15 most uh most uh significant tells that people have that may indicate that they're lying remember that no. Single trait or behavioral characteristic or my friend chase likes to call it a data point a human being gives you is indicative of a lie when you put them together in groups and clusters and and uh that these things start to have meaning we're going to teach you the foundations of lie detection the 15 most significant tells the various types of lies there they may fall into three different categories and you'll be able to look.

At how everything the person is doing and understand it how to under again how to understand men better the the particular characteristics and qualities that are specific to men the specific qualities that may be more specific to women uh how to eliminate behaviors that weaken your influence and again you can use this once again to close more deals get more dates and i think most importantly is once you understand how to catch liars and they understand you can catch them um the chances of you being manipulated again uh drop dramatically. So if you're interested in never being manipulated again it might be a good time to grab this particular package total value 5 585. So let's just review really quick what the package is and what to do. Next.

So we're going to give you the secrets of face reading home study course it's valued at 1497. we're going to include absolutely free the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1 497 we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're going to throw in the vibrational healing energy and remote influence home study course once again also uh absolutely free we're going to throw in people reading for fun and profit the body language sequence two day intensive video course valued at 997 and. Then. Finally to make things kind of put the cherry on the sunday. So to speak we're going to throw in a very special crash course that we put together for you called lie to me if you dare how to catch liar's crash course absolutely free total combined value if you were to go to the website and try and buy it today which you can't by the way is 5585 and everything that we're sharing with you today comes with a absolute 100 satisfaction guaranteed 60-day guarantee if take this course there's absolutely zero risk test it put the material through its paces read faces get information from people if after 60 days you're not understanding people better able to read their personality character and temperament instantly and be able to predict those behaviors if you're not using these skills to attract more success charisma better qualities of relationships if you're not actively moving towards manifesting the life of your dreams feeling more.

So confident. So it's more secure confident and powerful if you're not winning the social encounters and and developing that magnetism that you want. So much i'll refund your money i have. So much confidence in this program i want you to try it test it put it through its paces you don't have to believe a single thing i've taught you on this webinar for it to work for you it is belief independent what you do need to do is just go out and do it right.

Walk amongst human beings in their natural habitats and test this material for yourself if it doesn't work pick up the phone give stephanie a call at 858-282-4663 within 60 days and we'll give you a full refund right. We are going to ask you why you're refunding. But it does. But if you're not satisfied with the program right.

If if it's not working for you we don't want your money right. So you've absolutely nothing to risk and everything to gain by grabbing this particular program for yourself and test driving it for a full 60 days now for those of you who might be on the fence for those of you who are um what i like to call. First adopters those who've been around for a while all you got to do is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face and once again that's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face the the link should be appearing in your chat box there yeah uh and again if you have questions give stephanie call 858-282-4663 now this always happens any time we do a webinar stephanie gets inundated with phone calls and that's okay. Many times when you call you'll get her the uh the answering machine or the entering service the voicemail if you call and you leave your contact information your name your address your email your phone number you will qualify for the bonuses and this this offer if you call and you get voicemail and you don't leave any information you call back tomorrow or after the deadline you will not qualify for this.

So it's really really important that when you call uh that you leave you leave your contact information if you get voicemail if you don't stephanie will help work with payment plans for you um and uh and give you all the information you need to get this locked in okay. So for those of you um oops that's not what i wanted hold on a. Second. So for those of you in our youtube channel you can go to http [Music] www.davidsnyder.nlp.com forward slash face that's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face you can also call stephanie 858 282-4663 uh it doesn't look.

Like our our stuff got posted in youtube now if that wasn't good enough grab your course today november 4th 2021 before 11 59 pm or before i log off the webinar today i should say if you log off if you grab your course before you log you get on the webinar or i'll go off the webinar you'll get these fast action bonuses you're going to get the nlp power mastermind mentoring group archive this is a three month trial membership it's a 594 value actually it's way more than that. But we're going to give this two preachers let me explain this to you really really quickly one of the most important things about planet david is our emphasis on hands-on training about getting the right. The right. Tools the right.

Crowd the way the nlp power mastermind works and we've been running this every week or every month non-stop since 2010 we're going on our our 12th year or 11th year we've been running this and what it is is we every on the. Third saturday of every month we get together and i literally go around the room and i say andy what do you want to learn brandon what do you want to learn um holly what do you want to learn allegra what do you want to learn seth what do you want to learn and i literally write down what they want to learn on the board i step back i look. At what everybody wants to learn i see where they all connect i create a curriculum right. On the spot and for the.

Next four hours i drill you on those specific skills until you can do them in your sleep. So if you want to get better at face reading we'll work on facial you want to get better at conversational hypnosis we'll work on conversational analysis you want to work on energetics regression marketing uh hypnotic presentation whatever it is if it's in my if it's in my wheelhouse you put it on that's what we work on for the. Next four hours right. Now we have videotaped every single session since 2010 and we've archived those on the nlp power website parts of it are on our youtube members only channel parts of it are in our private facebook.

Group during this three-month trial membership you get to come in work right. Alongside everybody else and do and focus on the things that you want to learn about get the skills get the feedback get everything you need and make some really cool friends you also get unfettered 24-hour day access for the full 90 days that you're in the program to that entire 10-year archive anything you can think of from energy to energy to hypnosis to nlp to marketing to seduction to attraction to face reading um remote influence you name it it's in there you can binge watch this stuff 99 of it has never been seen has seen the light of day on youtube or instagram or any of our other channels it's completely private you get the entire 11 year archive you can look. At it and binge watch it to your heart's content. So what is stephanie's number dr snyder's okay.

It's 858 hold on a. Second 858 282 four six six three i'm sorry yeah that's it four six six three. So again if you like that if you like the program and you you find value in it. Then you can we'll show you how to extend your membership.

But you get to get to come in for 90 days on the. Third saturday every month you get to tell me exactly what you want to learn and with the rest of the group you roll up your sleeves you do the drills and get the skills that by itself is worth well over uh 594 because not only do you get access to all of those those videos you get to actually practice you get to talk to you get to ask me questions you get the live feedback that you need to get awesome at this stuff. Then you go out into the world and you apply what you've learned you will not get a certificate from the nlp astronaut what you will get is a skill set that you can actually put to work that you can actually go out into the world and make changes with okay. Is that is that a good deal would that be something you'd like to do go ahead and type that in the chat if it's something you'd like to do right.

Sure it's absolutely free when you grab this particular face reading program okay. Total combined value. So far if you add everything up is six thousand one hundred and seventy nine dollars. But because these are fast action bonuses and i like to do things uh in a set number we're also going to throw in face feeding for fun and profit level two this is the.

Second level of the face reading program where we take you through the rest of the features of the face how to combine them what they mean how to interpret personality character and temperament how people deal with risk how people um are how suggestible someone is how bossy someone is things of this nature it picks up or leveled one left off and it gives you the whole story many people say that once they've had level two everything that they learned in level one takes on even more significance more dimension the emphasis in these two courses is on uh personality character and temperament. But we'll also be talking about an introduction to trauma history emotional uh history things of that nature we may even i think we even touched a little bit on the um what they call the prognosticative or the fortune telling aspects of it on this one. So this is a really good. Next step in terms of your face reading training it's a 1497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free again if you're any kind of influenced professional whether you're a therapist a coach salesperson uh and we've never actually i don't think we've actually released this prior to this webinar.

So. Finally this is only this. Next one is only for the. Next 25 people to register today remember i'm a big proponent of just rolling up your sleeves doing the drills getting the skills people people come to me and they say david i've looked at your catalog i've looked at the the uh the videos and the courses for sale on your website i noticed that a lot of your price points for the live events versus the uh video events are pretty close i'm curious which is better for me should i just should i come to the live event or should i buy the videos and without hesitation i always tell people come to the live event use the video as a supplement why because in that live event i can give you feedback i can observe what you do i can talk to you i can interact with you i can create drills for you on the spot you get to interact with lots of other people all doing the same things and getting that real world feedback that you need.

So much. Then when you go back and you watch those videos uh you see things you didn't see before you see them through enlightened eyes. So to speak now in the case where you know you can't get to a live event video is a great. Second choice right.

And if you combine that with the nlp power mastermind you now have the ability to watch the videos learn from them and ask your questions during the mastermind and actually get a certain degree of hands-on for the. First 25 people to register for this program today i am going to include absolutely free of charge a face reading for fun and profit three-day virtual certification boot camp this is a super vip ticket now what does that mean we're offering this to you as a way to get online with me for three days and go through the entire face reading level one curriculum getting drills breaking out into groups learning how to profile people completely in as little as 90 seconds and we'll actually test you on that um it's going to be um february 20 i'm sorry if you don't have the day it's february 25th to the 27th you might want to write that down february 25th 26th and 27th it is a virtual training there's no. Travel involved you do have to be live and in person uh virtually for this if you've already had um if you've already had phase reading and you don't want to do the face reading virtual certification you can convert that to what we call vip super ticket which allows you admission to any single live event in our 2021 or 2022 calendar and again if you go to david snyder nlp.com forward slash events you'll see a listing of all the events we have coming up through 2021 and the rest of 2022. this is a 1950 value. But we're also going to give you as a byproduct or as an extra bonus when you come to the three-day.

First face reading virtual certification we're going to give you the the zoom copy of your videos it's a 1497 value absolutely free it's an it's a three that's a typo it's a three-day event not a not a four day um and if you've already had face reading and you don't want to take it again you can use that vip ticket towards any single live event coming up in our 2021 or 2022 calendar okay. Total combined value for this is three with everything else we talked about is three thousand four hundred and forty seven dollars it's yours absolutely free all you gotta do to get yours is go to uh www.davismeternlp.com forward slash uh face and again this course will teach you how to instantly read people's personalities understand how they think feel and behave measure their sexual romantic compatibility their their uh what what kind of jobs they're gonna be right. For uh their current state of physical mental health or emotional health how to uncover and resolve forgotten traumas um resolve relationship issues with their parents and their siblings know how they make decisions and. So much more this is a very very powerful class it has completely changed the course of my life and the way that i teach and it has changed the lives of my students if you've actually if for those of you for you face readers out there if you you have a significant experience that as that was derived as a direct result of face reading type that in the chat.

So people understand just how powerful this opportunity is for them again it's yours absolutely free when you take advantage of one of the. Next 25 people to take advantage of this particular face reading program before i log off the webinar okay. Total value combined is eleven thousand one hundred and twenty three dollars right. So once again today's special offer secrets of face reading home study course valued at one thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars we're gonna give that to you absolutely free the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at one thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars we're gonna give that to you um sorry absolutely vibrational healing energy healing remote influence free i think i misspoke the.

First thing secrets of face training is one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value it's not free. But that's the course um we're gonna give you the people reading for fun and profit home study course absolutely free the lie to me if you dare how to catch the irs home study course plus you'll get the nlp power mastermind mentoring group trial program right. At 594. we're going to give that to you create the face reading level 2 pre-release version 1 497 and of course the uh free vip super ticket and face reading virtual intensive valued at 3 47 this outfit expires november 4th 2021 when i log off the webinar uh that vip ticket goes away all the factory action bonuses do. So you want to grab that now obviously i'm not going to charge you 11 123 in fact i'm not even going to charge you 6 167 at all i'm not going to charge you 2 697 you can get all of this today for the one low installment of just 9.97 and if you want to you can break that up into three easy payments of just uh um 397 each okay.

So um let me let me kind of i can see now why i need to tweak this powerpoint a little bit that's all right. Today only you can get it all for one low installment of just 997 or you can break it up into three installments of just 397 each if you want to take advantage of the payment plan you need to reach out to stephanie 858 282-4663 that's 858-282-4663 uh all you gotta do is go to www.davidsnyder.nlp forward slash face and once again here's a little synopsis all you got to do to get yours is go to uh forward slash davidscenternlp.com and you get it all for one loan installment of just 997 or you can do three installments of 397 each. So here's what's going to happen i'm going to let you guys kind of take care of that we're gonna take a uh seven minute break while i run to the potty. So you guys can all run to the potty when i come back we're gonna pick up with the facial with the emotional map of the face and we're gonna circle back and we're gonna do some q a and you can ask me about face reading and how we can apply it facial characteristics things of that nature and that's what we'll do.

So go ahead and reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 or just click the link click the link click the link at eight five eight uh i'm sorry um www david snyder nlp.com forward slash face that's www.davidsnydernlp.comforwardslash face and i will see you in seven minutes okay. I'm back from my break early. So if you guys have any questions go ahead and type them in the chat and i'm happy to uh to answer those i'll be bashful dark areas around the eyes. Are almost always steven steven user is asking what about dark areas around the eyes.

Dark arouse around the eyes. Almost always indicate adrenal fatigue um or or tired kidneys. So if you've been working a lot um if you've been overusing the your kidney energy being too willful uh being too fearful uh these things will tax the the energy of the kidneys the adrenal glands and you'll start to develop purple purple bags or dark areas around the eyes. So bob pottix asking um people with marfan center can have large foreheads how does that translate to reading the data section of the head it's a really good question um i'm not familiar really i'll fill in with the symptomology of marfan syndrome um i would have to see i would i could extrapolate that they might be a little bit more on the um the asperger spectrum maybe a little bit more um again i'm more in the abstract uh.

But i'd have to i'd have to look. At i'd have to see it because i'm again i'm not i'll be honest i'm not really that familiar with marfan's and earth says thank you that was useful yeah if you're if you get i'd like to know more about uncovering hidden traumas excellent great great question um again we can start with the emotional markings which we're going to get back to in about a minute because most of these because most of these markings if you see them in sky if you see them marking very very deeply on a person's face they're almost always related to a trauma we're gonna have to and and we're gonna have to actually discuss a little bit um we're gonna have to discuss a little bit what actually do what actually um how do we define traumas and and this is important to understand is that trauma can come into. So mass asking the chinese fed violence how useful are they for understanding they're very useful if you take them in context okay. Uh in fact i'll remind me uh towards the end of the webinar and i will i will show you a little chart i put together um that kind of i think it really demystifies chinese five elements in terms of behavior quality character readings and temperament.

But in terms of going back to skye's question about trauma anytime you see these deep lines marking it's some form of trauma now whether that trauma happened as a byproduct of one significant event that was not that got stuck or frozen or it's the accumulation of multiple smaller traumas that kind of build up over time that area will mark deeper the deeper the trauma the deeper the line the older the trauma the deeper the line the longer it is the more intense it is the deeper it is the older it tends to be the more the traumas start to migrate down the face the longer you've had them. So a trauma that's here may be very very very new relative to one that's here okay. You can almost always see trauma markings because they're either a horizontal or a vertical a horizontal or a vertical line emotional markings tend to be diagonals and you'll see that when we go back to the um when you go back to the the emotional map you'll see that the vast majority of these emotion lines are diagonals whereas when you look. At the jing level which is the the physical constitution the trauma history lifestyle that these people have when they when you drain your jing you mark differently from a jing injury an injury to your fundamental material foundation than you do to your emotional body and.

So i'll i'll i'll go over kind of the difference between those that helps did that helps guy okay. Uh let's go back to our map okay. So here's what we're looking at. So we talked we pretty much covered this half of the face and and this right.

Our. Next segment is the rest of this as the andy rooney would say the rest of the story okay. So our. Next marking that we're going to look.

At is actually really a lot of people consider this a very good marking to have these are called purpose lines you tend to see these markings in people who are on or fulfilling their spiritual mission these particular markings start at the the border of the the nostril. So let me show you this really quick on me um i use this card okay. So if you look. At the border of the nose.

So this starts right. At the border of the nose and travels down this way right. So when you see this line it's it's showing that somebody who is fulfilling their mission in this life they're doing the things that they they took. On a body to do okay.

So the more the deeper these lines are um the better off you are now chinese like to say if you don't if you if you hit your 40s and you don't have these lines something's wrong okay. You're not on mission. So to speak you're not you're not living the life you came here to live. So just like your lost love lines a lack of these lines can demonstrate that you're not doing the things that are lifting up your spirit bringing more spirit into your body.

But most of us will have these by the time we're in our 40s right. Now what's interesting is uh when you start doing a face reading with someone especially like on a ming reading which is a golden path and they get clear on on what their golden path is or you'll see these lines start to form it's really cool uh it doesn't happen all the time. But it it it can't happen right. So let these lines be your guy right.

If you've got these lines now also when you look. At the face are they more are they deeper and longer on the private side or on the public side right. And that will tell you where you're more on track in your public life and your private ideally we want them to be balanced. But not everybody's balanced okay.

Um what about the opposite peasant of peasants life that make people look. Like a cheshire cat i've never seen you mention them i've never seen them um you may see people who have an upturn to their mouth will tend to be a little bit on the optimistic side they will tend to be a little bit more um i don't want to say pollyannish um because that's more more an openness of the eyes. But you'll see a little bit more of that uh that optimistic side in the in the corners of the mouth people have a downturn corner of the mouth it's not that they're necessarily pessimistic it's more like they know the world can suck right. They know there's a lot of crap and misery in the world and they tend to be very sensitive to the suffering of other people.

So much. So in fact that a lot of times people with this downturn to their mouth which should not be confused with a disappointment line by the way this appointment line is a wrinkle a downturn mouth means the corner of the mouth actually kind of turns down a little bit people with this kind of marking tend to be the proverbial good samaritan unfortunately um because they tend to be the proverbial good samaritan uh they can tend to fall prey to people who can tell a good sob story. So they tend to be a little bit more i don't want to say gullible. But they're more likely to to help somebody who can tell a good you know to can can express how miserable they are that makes any kind of sense um.

So yeah let's go back to this facial marking here. So this purpose this means you're living your purpose it means you're doing what you came here to do we want these markings these are you know ladies i know aesthetically maybe you don't want them. But from the chinese perspective these are good lines to have right. Now some of you if you look.

If you look. At your head from the side you may notice right. In front of your ears are these little lines let me let me go to a different picture and show you this now we're not we're not talking about age markings yet. But these are maps of the ears male when we look.

At the the chronology this this is something you would learn in the uh the jing or lifestyle constitution module it's not we're talking about today. But um people's gestation tends to start for men it starts on the left side from age zero to seven and. Then it picks up on the right. Ear from ages nine 14.

Then it picks up on the head women are the opposite women start on the left and. Then they go to the right. Now again we're not talking about age markings. But we are talking about little wrinkles in the front of the ear.

So what i'm talking about is if you look. At your ear and you notice like little almost like gil gill lines little wrinkles here okay. Usually you usually have two or three of them what you're looking at is something the chinese call auditory intuition and auditory intuition is really really interesting because it actually starts out as a defense mechanism it's a form of auditory hypervigilance and what that means is people with these markings almost always grew up in in a in a household or an environment where they had to constantly be listening to what was being said around them and and kind of read between the lines the subtext the tonality and kind of infer what was safe to say what was not safe to say. So these people were always kind of walking on eggshells when they were very young trying to figure out um is dad mom or dad in a bad mood is and her uncle joe you know drunk or whatever by how they spoke.

So this starts as a form of self-defense and over time it becomes a very very powerful detector in people people with this line tend to be really really good at uh reading people's voices their tonality their tempo they can tell lies much more adroitly and adeptly than people who don't have them in general uh. But it starts off it becomes a superpower. Later on. But it really starts out as a form of self-defense or auditory hyper-vigilance now physiologically there's some there's some ramifications to this these particular markings reside on what is commonly referred to in chinese medicine as the triple warmer meridian the triple warmer meridian in conjunction with the liver meridian is the stress management and water metabolism meridian the triple warmer corresponds in some cases to the thyroid which controls water and governs water metabolism in the body.

So many times when you have these lines you may have a tendency physiologically towards dehydration and while that on the surface may not seem like a big deal um people who have a tendency towards dehydration tend to drink a lot obviously what happens though is when you drink a lot you pee a lot when you pee a lot you flush out of your body electrolytes because you don't most people don't replenish their electrolytes when they drink water right. And. So what happens as a ramification of drinking. So much water and get rid of themselves fluid you start to develop heart palpitations and what we think of as anxiety attacks or panic attacks because our hearts like suffering from a lack of electrolytes.

So if you. So if you tend to have if you have these markings and you find yourself having heart palpitations or a tachycardia from time to time and you think you're having panic attacks one of the things after you get checked out by a doctor of course got to cover my ass right. Uh you might want to test is supplementing with electrolytes to see if the palpitations that you have are actually due to a lack of electrolytes right. I found a lot of people go oh my god that changed everything for me because you think you're you're like something's broken because you have this these irregular heartbeats or these palpitations or tachycardia and it turns out it's just you just shorten electrolytes.

So if you have these markings and you do suffer from time to time with what you think is a panic attack or palpitations try supplementing with uh with more electrolytes and see what happens right. Let me know what you discover okay. Uh another really interesting marking that can can go towards people's faces is uh on the ear itself. So going back to this uh his ear map if you look.

At a person's ear and you see little lines little wrinkles here what you're seeing are what we could we call blood pressure irregularities now this does not mean if you have these markings that you're going to die of a heart attack okay. And it doesn't mean you have high blood pressure doesn't mean you have low blood pressure what it tends to mean is that you have erratic blood pressure sometimes it's high sometimes it's low right. People with this kind of marking also tend to be hyper responsive the shock what do i mean by that it means that if you have these markings let's say you're walking down a hallway right. And somebody jumps out at you right.

And the no. The the level of surprise or shock a person might experience um on average is like a six or seven right. You might experience an eight or nine because your body over reacts your body over reacts to the stimulus right. So if you have these these the and i have both i have both the auditory and intuition lines and i also have the uh the blood pressure irregularity lines does it mean you're going to die tomorrow doesn't mean you're going to have a heart attack it means you should probably spend a little bit more time paying attention to your cardiovascular health you should spend a bit more time in meditation and mindfulness.

So that you can kind of get your baselines a bit lower. So that you can respond to shock and surprise a little bit more appropriately right. So again i see this a lot okay. If you have a poor diet and you have these markings you really need to pay attention right.

Because that irregular blood pressure can really can really wreak havoc on you okay. This is one i don't see as often as you might think. But um it's something you should be aware of again starting at the outer canthus these are lines that travel in a diagonal from the outer canthus towards the bridge of the nose and we could we call these pain lines now pain can be acute or it can be chronic it could be something that they've had long term or it could be just now they tweak their back and they're just walking around every time they walk they have a they feel a twinge okay. But these lines start at the outer canvas and they they migrate along the under surface of the eye towards the bridge of the nose of course we talked about uh we've talked about mania lines if you see this these people tend to be a little bit on the borderline spectrum they may be bipolar they could just be manic right.

They could be psychotic. But or on some stimulus when you see these lines these are people who are a bomb waiting to go off right. They'll be up at two o'clock in the morning tweeting um they'll be tend to have a grandiose sense of self uh they may be hypersexual um again any any any that's the symptoms of mania uh you may see these lines that start at the outer canthus and migrate up okay. Questions on these markings.

So far no. Okay. We'll keep going um again before i go those of you who are asking just to reiterate um our face retreating webinar package expires tonight at 11 59 pm uh and you get your face reading for a front and profit home study course valued at 1 497 and you also get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course buy it at 1 497 we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the vibrational healing remote influence and energy healing made easy home study course guide at 1 497 we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the people reading for fun and profit body language sequence home study course 997 value the lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar crash course right. At 97 and for those of you my.

First 25 to sign up tonight you're going to get the nlp power mastermind mentoring group practice trial valued at 594 we're going to give that to you absolutely free face reading for fun and profit level 2 the pre-release version 1 497 value we're going to give that to you free and you're going to get that free vip super ticket for page feeding three day virtual intensive or if you prefer you can convert that to a super ticket that gets you into any single one of our one of our live events in our 2021 or 2022 calendar the three thousand four hundred and forty seven dollar value um total value for the program is eleven thousand one hundred twenty three dollars you can get it all for one low installment of just 997 or you can break that up into three easy payments of just 397 and all you got to do to collect yours is just go to www.nlp davidsnetternlp.com forward slash face david snyder nlp.com forward slash face and i want to just run real i want to look. At our youtubers here really quick because they got a lot of cool questions um well these are all good questions i gotta i gotta i gotta circle back to my youtubers shortly. Anyway um you can reach out to stephanie and get that uh let's go back to our motions. So the.

Next the. Next line i want to talk about is a transformation line now transformation lines are diagonal lines and these often manifest after you've gone through what we call a long dark night of the soul. So what that means is maybe you've gone through a time in your life where everything you just had to work hard and you had to do a lot of soul searching and you had to dig deep just to get through it and when you came out on the other side of it you came out of it with a new understanding of yourself or some aspect of yourself that you couldn't have had any other way that kind of resulted in a spiritual epiphany when you have those long dark knights of the soul you you have those awakenings you will tend to mark with diagonal lines that kind of emanate up from the. Third eye area at a diagonal right.

If you if you're if you lead a very spiritual life a lot of meditative work a lot of introspective work and you start to achieve varying degrees of enlightenment you may start to develop what is commonly referred to as buddha wings buddha wings are like little curved lines that emanate up from the. Third eye if you look. At the dalai lama uh when he's teaching he tends to show these lines. So you see these a lot in high-level buddhist monks meditators people who are really um moving in terms of their spiritual evolution and growth people who just go through long dark nights of the soul and have some spiritual awakening that gives them some a deeper awakened a deeper ask for themselves they'll mark with a verdict with a diagonal line people who are getting ongoing spiritual work they have buddha wings.

So almost like wings that come up from uh from the. Third eye level now the. Next couple lines we want to talk about these are i see these. So much and these are really really really important okay.

When we look. At people's foreheads and especially the area between their eyebrows here this area is commonly referred to as father's blessing area or the seat of the stand not eat of the stamp seat of the stand and one of the reasons that they call it this was because um this is the area where a lot of your psychic abilities or your your intuitive perception comes in this is also an area that marks very very strongly based on the influences you have from the dominant masculine caregivers in your life the people who you idolize the people who played that parental role for you when you see two lines here this is somebody who is demonstrating a high level irritation annoyance or impatience um these things the mark these are people who get tend to get angry easy they tend to be very frustrated they don't like the you know they come to a red light and the light turns yellow and you know they're gunning the engine or whatever if you see a single line and this is where we get into um for sky's benefit and for other people who are actually interested in trauma work or things of that nature we talk about jing blockages sometimes when you look. At a person's face you will see one thick line or one one line going right. Down the middle in chinese face reading we call this particular marking a suspended needle if it's really big we might call it suspended dagger or sword now the reason this marking comes about is usually due to repressed anger i need to explain this usually towards the uh the dominant masculine energy in the family now i do need to explain this okay.

So when you see someone with a marking right. Here what has happened in their life is that at some point in their life they got really mad like really mad and they acted out they acted on that anger and for whatever reason when they acted out that anger they got severely punished for it you could say this was a form of trauma they got punished. So severely that in their mind at the unconscious level they made an active deliberate decision to never express that level of energy ever again okay. This is a very strong wood or liver associated area.

So when we express anger it tends to pop here when you see this line you see you're looking at someone who's literally taken if this is the the sum total of their achieving energy right. They've literally taken a uh a metallic block and cut it in half and. So and it's usually derived as a some interaction between a masculine energy the dominant young energy in a person's life. So it's usually father-son father can go either way if they're if it's an organization it could be towards the executive aspect of that organization.

But basically what this what this tells you is that at some point in that person's life they expressed their anger and they got punished for it and they made a decision to never let that express that level of energy again now on one level that sounds perfectly okay. You expressed your anger you got mad you crossed a boundary not gonna do that anymore. But here's the thing you need to understand the liver energy of the body the wood element of the body is the achievement energy of the body. So if you have a marking here you have a vast reservoir of achievement energy that you are refusing to express this will almost always manifest in some form of self-sabotage an inability to move beyond a certain point of achievement in your life.

So unless you go back and you clear up the energy behind that marking you will you will find yourself blowing yours you will get to a certain level of success and you will either stop dead you won't get able to get any further or you will get to a certain level and you boom you will get knocked back to square one or like one of my old colleagues you he used to brag that he had he's had 25 different careers because he would get to he never saw it this way or as an aspect of this marking. But he had a massive one he would get to a certain degree of achievement or attainment and. Then he would blow himself up you literally change careers or sabotage the relationships with the people he worked with and he would have to leave that job okay. So if you have this marking and the deeper it is and the longer it is the more energy you have that you're not using and it will come back to bite you at some point in your life it will it will manifest as an inability to move forward now if you know the transformational triad you know matt color breathing magic frame energy spinning you know cinematic search engine concept you can you can blast these things you can get rid of them right.

If you understand classical face shooting and reframing you can reframe it and have them resolve that anger towards that that member of the opposite sex and it'll go away right. It'll start to fade. But if you don't you will consistently self-sabotage right. Now every now and.

Then you're going to see someone with a marking that looks like this when you see someone with three lines like this what you're seeing is somebody who has come to terms going through terms with their anger or impatience and can now manage it okay. So if you see three lines this person may still get have bouts of temper. But they manage it much much better than someone who just has two lines right. So again in this case three is better than two now the.

Next line i want to talk to you about also manifests as a result of anger or trauma this line is called a disempowerment line i don't like to use the word disempowerment because i don't think it accurately describes i don't think it accurately describes this quality of this characteristic. So the term i like to use rather than disempowerment is what i call appeasement and the reason for that is because that's the behavior this marking indicates. So going back to um these two markings a suspended needle or a sword right. So the suspended needle is that single line which results as a result of anger expressed and punished suddenly expressed and punished okay.

The disempowerment or appeasement line manifests when somebody violates your boundary they violate your boundary and you try to stand up for yourself right. In other words someone's coming towards you you say i don't do that you're not allowed to do that that's not that's not okay. Get back and they push back harder in other words someone tries to approach on your boundary you push back they push back even harder and rather than fight back harder you say okay. Okay.

Okay. I'll do what you want just just make it stop okay. Just make i'll do whatever you want anything to keep the peace okay. I don't want any trouble you start acting instead of locking down your energy you actually flip it and you you you you do it you you and again you see this more in women than you do men um there's a tendency for females to do what they call tend and befriend when they can't effectively guard or push back on their boundaries they will lapse into uh caregiving or appeasement types behavior now for those of you who see clients and you got somebody who's coming in with a lot of repressed issues like a lot of trauma if you see these lines on the face and the lines start at the um they don't really start at the inner outer campus like our piece like our lost love lines do these are lines that literally it's like somebody took.

An exacto or a razor blade and they etched lines in the side of the nose that moved towards the tip right. You see these lines there's almost always a history of of some kind of abuse or appeasement going on below the threshold these are people who have tend to have very permeable boundaries um they will they will tend to put up token resistance right. Because at that point you know at the time that these things happened they didn't have the ability to fight back or they lacked the courage to fight back effectively and. So they flipped they went into appeasement mode um as an alternative to fight flight or freeze right.

Um in uh in our attraction mastery course and in um in soulmate secrets and to some degree in defense against the dark arts we talk about the fourth f which is uh befriend or um. So you know when people are in trouble they say that you can either fight you can fight or you can freeze there's another one that is less talked about which is um acquiesce in other words they they they they tend and befriend like i can't really i try to put it to four f's. But they people will automatically become compliant out of fear rather than the three of the other three f's right. And.

So you got to be very careful because a lot of times when there's a history of that domestic abuse childhood issues you'll see these markings along the bridge of the nose okay. Some other markings you might be interested in looking at or being paying attention to well those are good enough. So let's go ahead and open it up to questions [Music] and i'll take you know again we'll kind of unpack more things about the face and stuff let me look. At let me go to my youtubers really quick here see if there's anything interesting uh okay.

There's a lot of there's a lot i don't see a lot of questions. So i'll go back to our zoom room any questions or my chapters here hold on a. Second all right. What if you have no.

Line between eyebrows well if you have no. Line between the eyebrows cami it's usually an indication that you're pretty clear there in fact the more space you have between the eyebrows you start to exhibit uh what we call father's blessing and father's blessing is a marking that that demonstrates that people have learned how to get along in groups how to navigate the corporate structure or the corporate hierarchy whereas people who have a closer eyebrow these people are a lot more impatient with the status quo they're looking to climb the social or corporate ladder as rapidly as possible they tend not to care quite as much what the protocols are what the etiquette is or who they have to step on to get there. So that's why they call that father's blessing because people who uh have a nice wide area between the eye also the. Third eye can be open as well these people tend to be uh do much better in corporations and and large organizations uh let's see here uh who's this matthew says i always look.

More attractive listening to that yes. I always look. More attractive listening to the letters what you'll find a lot of times and that's why we always take at the beginning of a face reading class we take before and after pictures we take a picture of you before the face reading class starts and. Then we take one at the end and we have them compare what we actually encourage our people to do is take a picture of their face every day of the class and notice how this changes okay.

Uh energy block line is incredibly important to deal with and i'm trying very hard not to sabotage myself okay. Any other questions um see here okay. What other questions do you have what would now be a good time to ask all right. What are five vertical lines i have no.

Idea i've never seen five vertical lines what i have seen what i have seen a lot of times is people have these very deep like almost like trenches um in their face and i i wanted to ask lillian. But i never got the chance what that actually means um when you see those kinds of lines if they're really really deep i almost i almost guessed that this person went through a very very intense dark emotional period and uh and came out of it on the other end of lines can that energy put into other things or it's simply for the lost thing you know it's a really good question i think if you can find an alternative behavior that lights you up and you're actively seeking to replace that thing i think it can make it go away. But you can also resolve it through a therapeutic work that we do right. You should still endeavor to whatever degree you can to get that thing back um unless there's some kind of physical injury present that prevents you from doing something there's almost always a way to recover that and pancakes are in again getting a little bit more woo-woo a little bit more metaphysical if you're um if you do have an accident there's almost always some other lesson you were meant to derive from from processing that lost love out uh spinning is good for anger what about freckles and blemishes freckles is a rule indicate the presence of a higher degree of fire element the blemish uh if it's if it's well formed is usually just a healthy healthy marking if it's irregularly formed the borders aren't real clear it could be this sign of some kind of a lesion or a tumor a cyst of some kind um okay.

We already talked about two vertical lines between the eyes. Let's see here uh java says i think those are skinny to the never representative underlying traits um i'd have to go back if you could repost the question i i might be able to answer that better for you what are the diagonal lines between the eyes. On the eyebrow mean i have to see it i mean are you talking about the the lines on the towards the the lateral half barber no. Okay.

Are you talking i'm not sure what we're talking about diagonal lines between the eyes. On the eyebrow i'd have to see it are they scars or are they wrinkles okay. Wrinkles okay. Generally speaking if they're wrinkles it's usually indicative of an event that is going to happen or or did happen uh at around the age of i believe it's 30-ish if i look.

At my let me go to my age map real quick. So if you look. At the age map here. So if you're seeing wrinkles in this area okay.

If they're past the age of 30 ask if something happened at around that particular age if they haven't reached that age yet chances are it's a generational trauma or a generational uh event and there and. Then it's going to happen at around that age okay. And this is this is scarily accurate by the way right. So if i see a marking here and the person's in their 50s i'm going to ask what was going on around the age of 30 what happened to your life right.

And chances are there's usually a car accident or an emotional trauma or something that correlates within a year of this uh the chinese actually add if for chinese years you actually add a year for uh european years you you subtract a year because the chinese figured that it counted the time in the womb as the most important process. So i hope that helps let's see what else we got here the vertical angle lines of the forward what if you have more of those in the actual brow again if they're in the brow i'm going back to what i just said earlier that are probably events that happen to you that you need to process out that happened at about that time of your life if you haven't reached that level that that time in your life yet it's indicative of some kind of event that if you don't clear it you're going to have to deal with at that point the nice thing about because the body is a hologram these markings can change as our consciousness changes and our way we process information changes again it gets kind of woo. But if you look. At quantum physics that's what they're telling us the entire every human being to do with vibration vibrational density and refracted energies right.

So as you change the refractive angle of your vibrations how you how you look. Will change as well okay. Oh yeah start doing that cleanup now i would unpack and attack that now what do i mean by that let's say you're in your early 20s right. But you have a marking that's in your 30s if you go back and you apply your somatic search engine concepts right.

Unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always have an urge to edit with just came up right. Never allowed never linear if you understand that and you go to somatic search engine and you ask a question like there's a feeling there's a marketing that i have a marketing that has everything to do with something that's going to happen to me at the age of 30 or 30 i should cure. First impression there's a reason that that feeling exists in my body the reason that marketing exists in my body where in my body might the reason i have this marking be stored.

First impression i'm going to already feel it reach out and touch it start unpacking it right. If you are if you can find the services of an actual trained face reader who also has identity by design techniques it's even easier because they can guide you through the process. But again if you can see it and you can point to it you ask the right. Question you can change it.

So as an alchemical tool a way of personal exploration and self-discovery everything that we teach in identity by design combined with face feeding gives you some very powerful very effective real world tools for unpacking your emotional baggage the stuff you didn't even consciously know that you had and resolving it right. If you want the understand purple personality behavior tap into people's secret hot buttons from across the room without having to interact with them you can just look. At their face know if they're data driven know if they're gut driven know if they're pragmatic right. Know if they how they respond to authority people with very big brow bones very thick bushy eyes.

Do not do well in the presence of authority they're very reactive people people with very strong cheekbones are going to be tend to be on the bossy side they're going to be very very picky in the aesthetics of the environment that they're in people very strong jawlines are going to stand up for what they believe is right. You start combining these traits and you start to extrapolate a profile that allows you to understand who you're dealing with right. In addition to the emotions right. See here what else we got um okay.

All right. Uh anybody have any more questions or you guys what else you guys don't know about oh you guys want to know about compatibility didn't you right. So how does this actually work well. First and foremost you need to understand um there's always a there's always a challenge between um nature versus nurture and opposites attract versus like attracts alike well it's funny you should ask that matthew i left a question behind are there any techniques to make the face symmetrical yes.

Unpack your clear up your emotions as you start to get on your golden path as you start to balance your intimate component between balancing your anger your fear your sadness your joys your lost loves. So you start to express the metal the elements you're deficient in those character emotional makeup changes the physiological characteristics will change as well it's crazy when this happens i've literally done sessions with people where they spent their entire life being repressed by their family and as we go through the process in the 90 minute session we go through the process of clearing up all the crap that they put up with as kids halfway through the session their eyebrow bones just pop out like like a turkey bastard like a turkey that's done it just boom also at the beginning of the beginning of the training they had eye very you know you know very bushy eyebrows. But no. Brow bone halfway through the training they've got a big brow bone sticking out right.

It's very very weird and again the. First time i heard this. First time lillian said is i called on a on a quantum level and. Then i actually did a face reading at the.

First fat on the. First face reading class and it was literally a before and after picture they had different faces like the faces were different they put them side by side and it's like within 90 minutes of each other same light same wall boom right. But if you want your face to become more symmetrical more towards what the the chinese call you or the dallas call your original face. Then you want to balance your elements you want to get on your golden path you want to clear up your emotional baggage and amplify the behavioral traits and the perspectives and the attitudes that go with it that foster uh again if your energies are symmetrical your face will be more symmetrical right.

That's that's the long and short of it. So. But here's the thing you know whether you think of this as woo or not i want to i just want to share something with you really really quick because again and this goes back to matthew's question about balancing the five elements some questions about compatibility uh things of that nature i spent a lot of time corroborating and cross referencing different systems to find the patterns where they connect where they where they agree with each other and i use that as the basis of my systems okay. So matthew says my jaw is filled out and i have the feeling that using the energy of behavioral traits with yes.

Uh you can grow a jaw you can grow a chin you can grow brow bones right. Um your face very very much change you want to see faces change look. At the person's face when they. First go into boot camp when they.

First join the army and when they come back from boot and when they get out of the army and notice the differences in the in the facial architecture right. You will see dramatic differences because of the effective environment which brings us back to you know which is more important nature versus nurture the answer is yes. The new study states about 50 50. 50 of of what your personality character in general income comes from your biology the other 50 comes from your environment. So um and when we look.

At the hormonal studies we find this to be true too. So here's the here's the secret certain facial now if the more facial characteristics this is classical face reading okay. As opposed to modern face reading the more facial traits or attributes you have in common with someone the more sexually or romantically compatible you'll tend to be. So if you have very big prominent eyebrow bones and your your partner has very prominent brow bones you'll tend to get along better if you have a nose that's very very similar in size and shape you'll tend to be more in alignment with them right.

Now the question becomes well how do we how do we find the optimal match right. Certain personality types which are equivalent to certain elemental types gravitate work best with people who are like themselves certain elemental types this is modern face reading this is david's approach certain personality types are going to do better with complementary personality types. So let's say for example you have someone who has strong in the fire element okay. Fire element people tend to do better with fire element people whereas people who are more woody i guess you could say tend to do better with people who are more watery or more earthy actually more watery actually you know and.

So how does that actually work how does how does that even correlate here's what we've discovered based on the work of dr helen fisher who uh was the lead researcher for match.com and chemistry.com dr fisher developed the only personality assessment tool based on the predominance and ratios of hormone or hormonal pathways to one another okay. Air people tend to be metallic they tend to be a little bit more um pick me and i'm gonna i'm gonna show you how it all correlates okay. I'm gonna i'll just finish up with this right. And again in uh in our face meeting clinton trainings coming up in in uh in february we'll go over this a little bit more in depth.

But this is the chart i came up with. So for those of you who want to make the the big leap between body chemistry facial characteristics yin and yang chinese five element theory and greek personality types you guys remember the greek personality types from hippocrates uh sanguine choleric melancholic phlegmatic direct correlation across the board if you start with the foundation of hormonal pathways and dr fisher in her study in her book. Um why him why her she devotes two pages to the facial characteristics relevant to certain dominance of hormonal pathways. So what i'm sharing with you now no.

One's ever done before in terms of correlating it the science is there i'm still building it out. But now we know there is in fact direct correlations between certain facial characteristics and predominance of hormones which is analogous from an attribute perspective to the personality types that the east and west have both identified. So this is what it looks like uh where is it uh i gotta find it. First guys just give me a minute okay.

There we go okay. This is just a quick chart that i put together i i taught actually i told my soulmate sandwich class a few couple weeks back and this is what i taught him. So people who are very strong in dopamine and norepinephrine these people are known as curious energetic types right. So if you were to take the fischer type indicator it would show based on the questions you answered a predominance of dopamine and norepinephrine these people qualify as an explorer type these are very young they correspond to the sanguine personality type from the greek hypocrite hippocratic system or the fire element in chinese um chinese uh five element theory people who are more serotonin dominant we call these social norm compliant these are very stable people we call them builders in the fischer system these are very yin type people they tend to be very melancholic and they chloroform they correspond to the earth and metal categories right.

Now obviously you would need to know what what qualities correspond to each of these elements and if you were to see the uh see the the characteristics of fire versus dopamine you would see them you would see it jump out at you tough-minded people are more testosterone driven these would correspond to very woody people or the void or akasha uh and corresponds to the phlegmatic greek character type or the wood and metal element okay. And you can see if you combine social norm compliant with tough minded you would get someone who's very metallic from a chinese five element standpoint someone who's very um dopaminergic someone who you know is very young um they would be a little bit more on the wood side okay. Pro-social behavior is it estrogenic-based these are we call these negotiators or these are very yin people very watery people and these people have a lot of water and earth elements to them and that's how they correspond okay. So the way we figured this out was let me find another another chart for you okay.

So this is kind of how it plays out. So sanguine individuals people who are more in the fire element optimistic impulsive energetic loving they tend to they tend to do best with other people other explorers or other people who are fire element people who are melancholic are builders they tend to socialize more they're more they're more values oriented um very traditional tend to be a little bit more rigid in their thinking these people do better with people who are also melancholic or or earth okay. Pragmatic individuals they tend to be a little bit more on the unemotional side they tend to rationalize a little bit more uh and these people tend to do well with uh what people tend to do really well with other wood people or water people okay. Baleric individuals uh these people tend to be more watery they tend to do well with woody people or other water people.

But actually uh wood tends to be a better match based on fisher's work in terms of personality. So again i think what you're looking at here um is a general tendency certainly there are there are um exceptions to every rule. But that's kind of what my research is leading me towards and this is what i would consider to be modern face reading. So again it's very easy to see now um ian versus young you know these people are very very rigid in their thinking these people are very very open in their thinking these people are very very tough these people are very very gentle loving and unfolding like water is okay.

These people are very achievement oriented these people are very relationship oriented. So you can see how these people would be a very good match okay. Some questions oh we got 16 more things comments in the chat here what's the hormonal pathway do hormones affect emotions yes. So fire energy and blood energy are the same yes.

In a five element perspective yes. They are. So can you manifest these energies or get more of it with things like diet yes. You can remember hormonal pathways can change based on lifestyle and temperament right.

If you and if you get somebody who is very skinny or who is very you know very metallic they're not they don't have a lot of musculature and you send them into the gym you have them lift heavy weights for a long period of time they will start to get more woody right. Because you're over taxing them you're putting stress on the system the body will start to produce what more testosterone. Therefore the jaw will start to increase the brow bones will start to enlarge right. Um they'll still because they're more if they're more metabolised features.

But those wood aspects that are that are a byproduct of extra testosterone will start to to come out right. And they'll tend to get a little bit more aggressive right. So yeah everything is and that's what's cool about this is that you look. At things from the hormonal pathway and.

Then cross-correlated from a behavioral attribute standpoint there's a consistency here and i won't tell you all the things i know about the the four hippocratic uh personality types we call it climatic melancholic and sanguine um. But there are direct elemental correspondences there with the greek systems as well. So this is how we look. At it if we look.

At things in terms of the attributes and correlate them to hormonal pathways we can get a very clear idea of what what bonds would like and the nice thing about fisher's work is that it's been tested on literally hundreds of thousands if not millions of people all over the world and it's the only personality indicator based on the ratio of hormonal pathways in your body and we can correlate that directly to the five chinese five element and greek hippocratic systems there's direct correlation right. So hopefully that helps any other questions about that all right. Well that being said just a quick reminder before we log off for those of you who are on the defense for those of you want to get into are more deeply into the face reading materials we're offering our special face reading for fun and profit home study course it's uh one that it's uh again it starts with a 1497 value it's going to include free of charge the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course right. At 1 497 we're going to give that to you free vibrational healing road influence and energy healing made easy home study course fight at one thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars people reading for fun and profit body language secrets uh 997 dollar value we're going to give that to you free the lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar crash course it's valued at 97 and for those of you who sign up before i log off on the webinar you're going to get uh the nlp power mastermind practice mentoring group free trial valued at uh 594. uh face reading level two the pre-release version for 1 497 by we're going to give that to you free and you're going to get a free vip ticket to our face reading three day virtual intensive uh scheduled for february 23rd uh 23rd to the 25th or 26th no.

25th 26th 27th my bad all you gotta do to get yours is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face www.nlpower.com davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face uh or reach out to stephanie directly at eight five eight two eight two four six six three and uh. So once again physiology leads emotion vic the rick and says yes. Uh. But nice thing now is we can actually we actually have a map now that allows us to uh to really make some crossroads uh fortune says does facial hair mean anything uh it generally amplifies the traits it's covering generally speaking okay.

[Music] what's the hippocratic equivalent in the hermetic elements flamatic corresponds to fire melancholic corresponds to earth i believe oh wait sanguine is fire uh phlegmatic is wood or would be akasha or air and. Then i hold on let me go back and look. One. Second uh okay.

So choleric would be water clematic would be um akasha or air melancholic would be akasha or air i'm sorry not would be mostly metal earth or metal earth or air um and. Then sanguine would be equivalent to fire predominantly okay. Uh atlanta expressed anger which is severely punished okay. All right.

You guys have fun you learn some stuff okay. All right. Well listen i want to thank you all for coming out and uh in the words of if we can't start this program. Then how can we start healing journey.

So we can join when we can uh reach out to stephanie get in on our. Next uh self mastery supercharger program in january it's probably the best place to start or you can always you can always find uh useful tidbits on the web on the websites uh we have a whole podcast library there that you can use um and. Then we also have a lot of free stuff on our youtube channel lots of products for a full price on our website you can always do that. But if you have any questions about where to go or how to get it started reach out to stephanie at 858 four six six three and uh we'll show you how to get going all right.

In the words of the immortal caliber net i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song it seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night everybody enjoy if you hadn't if you had a good time please share this video to as many people as you can get in on the fun go out into the world and do this stuff right. Last call for getting your packages remember that you can break you can do one installment of 997 or break it up into three easy payments of just 397. japanese very easy to work with you have 60 days to give it a shot if it works keep it if not give us a call we'll make it right.
