Title: KpokIdoGQZs.txt
Video Id: KpokIdoGQZs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpokIdoGQZs

All right. I'm feeling. I'm feeling funky you guys have enough chocolate enough caffeine oh bummer. I know.

But. I feel. So much better anybody want to get have a little anybody here want to feel good yeah how many people here can follow instructions because if you don't follow instructions you don't get the cookie. So before we do this exercise.

I want to tell you a little bit about trance because you've all you've been going in and out of. Trance all night tonight you just weren't aware of it and that's the rub human beings are trans machines you can't function without going into trance okay. When. I have you reach out and touch a picture guess what anytime you use your imagination anytime you play pretend anytime you generate anything inside and imagine as if it's real you're in trance now in a moment.

I'm going to ask a couple really weird questions how many people here were ever little children every now and. Then. I get the in the back who goes not me. I played with computational models as a child.

But we all played for 10 when we were kids how many people played. PR 10 when they were kids ra how many people here had an imaginary friend cool how many people here have to take medication for that imaginary friend all right. Cool. So here's the thing raise your hands again if you play prend right.

On. So. Jillian when you played pretend were you a tom boy or a tom girl. I was a tomboy you a tomboy huh what was your favorite thing to play pretend at um probably with the.

Howard. Johnson trucks. Howard. Johnson trucks uhhuh you delivered food no.

It was just a little toy okay. And how did you when you play pretend did your trucks talk to each other no. There was one one there's only one big one and what did you did anybody ever like play. Soldier or.

Cowboy zians or princess or yes. You played. Princess no. No.

No. No. You look. Like some guy in.

The. Price is. Right. What did you play pretend at.

Carlos. I was a cowboy you're a cowboy excellent were you you a cowboy or an. Indian. Cowboy all right.

Good answer how about you sir what' you play pretend at. I know you did pirate pirate. I love. Pirates yes.

I do remind me to tell in my attraction classes. I talk about taking on certain personas and. I talk about the time. I spent playing with socially programmed anchors.

So. I walked around through my acupuncture clinic being. Captain. Jack the acupuncturist and.

I. W like this all the time and. I told like this in the. First couple days.

I was there everybody said why are you talking weird and. I said what do you mean why do you sound like. Johnny. Depp no.

He sounds like me and for the. First couple of days they thought it was weird they said why are you talking like that why can't you just be yourself. I said why do you bathe why do you color your hair right. Certain things because they're unusual we tend to think of as socially unacceptable you can change anything about yourself if you want to as long as you get past that problem of how you see yourself how you think other people will see you or what you know to be true does that make sense.

So when you played did you play pretend as a little girl and what did you play at ballerina princess a soldier ballerina princess. Soldier. I just saw somebody in a tutu carrying an. M16 pting through a mine.

F right. But it's cool two brothers of course and. I'll bet when you were playing soldier in the backyard or the front yard or in your bedroom you picked up your toy gun or a stick right. And when you picked up the toy gun or the stick you knew it was just a stick for the.

First 5 minutes and. Then five minutes. Later there's real bad guys they're shooting at you you're shooting back you're ducking and rolling calling for backup were you asleep were you wide awake were you completely absorbed in the experience were you having a ball how many people here have ever gone to see a movie now if anybody's not raising their hand we're going to talk okay. But you know when you go to see that movie right.

You got your. Milk. Duds if you're a guy you got your best girl depending on whether your right. Hand or left-handed one is in the other hand you sit down now if you're a guy you know you're looking for the opportunity to do the the famous stretch right.

You know what. I'm talking about the old 50s movies. But you sit down the curtain opens the lights go down and for the. Next 90 minutes 120.

Minutes minutes 2 hours two and a half hours nowadays the movie ends you stay for the credits you ignore the bladder busting ache can you tell me at what moment you became completely absorbed in that experience because if you could you're lying to me that means you weren't absorbed in the experience trance is only that absorption and focus if you can be as little children and play pretend you can have whatever you want to the degree that you can do it utilizing what. I'm about to teach you anything is possible is that cool all righty. First things. First.

Jillian you're the. Next contestant on change my life bring her down ladies and gentlemen come on up [Applause] here. Jillian's becoming a regular at all my functions. So okay.

Anything on a shittiness scale of zero to five that you want to get rid of yeah the pain in my foot pain in your foot and my knee cool point and my ankle well which is it your knee or your ankle damn it it's this ankle this foot and this knee huh close your eyes. Here's what. I want you to do that that pain you're feeling in the knee the foot and the ankle there's a place where they all originate from somewhere in your body. I want you to point to that place where it originates from.

First impression good now as what. I want you to do now is. I want you to look. At that spot with your inner eyes.

I want you to notice that sens there's a color associated with that sensation what's the color. First impression green excellent. I want you to take your hands reach in with both your hands grab all that green energy take it out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you got it all cuz sometimes that hides is it all there. I see sometimes that hides excellent now as you look.

At it. I want you to notice did the color change or stay the same no. It's a little bit more turquoise now excellent now notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning forward excellent. I want you to grab it with both of your hands uhuh and reorient it in space.

So it's rotating the opposite of what it was. So if it's rotating forward to back turn it to the other way now double the spin double it again keep doubling it make it faster and faster stronger and stronger until it takes on a life of its own till it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's gone gone all of it little residual in my knee okay. Spin it faster the other way the other direction no. The way you you just changed it to double the spin again until it's completely gone and when you know you got to.

SL touch that spot to lock it in notice the change notice it's gone. I try to bring it back notice you can't do it let the feelings come up it's all right. That's why they were there okay. That's the emotional purging process for every experience that we have every em that we feel physical pain emotional pain doesn't matter there's a code that the nervous hey feel all right.

Give a big round of applause every experience that we have has a code it has a structure the energy in and around your body is not this amorphous cloud of of of steam energy is holographic it conveys and. Carries information that information is coded holographically in it once you understand the structure. Then you know how to work with it you have two kinds of code you have a genetic code or an archetypal coding system you have a unique personal coding system each and every one of you here has some semblance of an iPhone. I'm pretty sure yes.

But. I bet if. I looked at the apps on your phone they would all be different there would be some overlap. But how you have them arranged how you use them they're all going to be different pretty unique right.

And yet you're your iPhones work the same way right. They have the same sets of codes the same sets of circuits the same underlying structure. So. First thing we need to understand when we're going to work with our grid is that the information that we access and the way that we work with it is based not on the story that happened it's not what makes it changeable is the structure the human human nervous system cannot code code for an experience without automatically at the very least creating the code for its opposite did.

I. I asked her where the pain now she had a physical pain was there an emotional thing part that came up too with that well. I guess yeah some. I don't want to front load you just tell the truth if if you okay.

There's three elements to every problem that we have and sometimes the sticking point is in one or the other okay. You have a sematic component you have an energetic component you have an emotional component. Big. E little e these are feedback loops.

I'm a licensed acupuncture. I spend an enor amount of time and hundreds thousands of dollars to learn how to stick needles in people and balance out their energy and make them do cool things right. I do almost no. Acupuncture do you know why because.

I can heal it faster using what. I just told you the reason being is that most energetic imbalances come from one of two places they either come from the external environment or they come come from the internal environment now external envir external pathogens as. Chinese medicine likes to call it we kind of understand heat cold dryness dampness these are how uh the. Chinese medical tradition codes pathogens.

But we also have internal pathogens and those pathogens are exclusively emotions too much joy too much anger too much fear too much anxiety and they affect our physical organs as well and the chi the energy that flows through our system we tend to think of it like a river because the. Ancients when they created the metaphor of the human body looked at it like a river because that was the closest natural phenomena that they could understand. But. I want you to think of it like a data stream like a set of structures a code a a a computer language for lack of a better word that your nervous system can choose to interpret any any way you want it to does that make sense all right.

So here's what's here's what we're going to do. I want everybody to stand up and. I want you to think of a time in your life we're not going to clean up yet we're going to feel good. First is that okay.

Everybody how many people want to feel good raise your hand if not we have a different class for you know make my life miserable all right. So here's what. I want you. I want you to close your eyes.

And what. I want you to do is. I want you to think of a. Time in your life when you felt the absolute most.

Joy pleasure ecstasy whatever the positive and positive feelings only for now most exciting most powerful most wonderful sensations of your life and. I want as you think about it. I want you to reach out and touch the image connected to that feeling or that event trace the edges of it with your hand notice how big it is and now what. I want you to do if it's small if it's smaller than like a big freaking poster make it.

IMAX big and notice what happens to the feelings good that's right. Make it as as good as you can tolerate you know play with the size and shape until it's what you can tolerate right. Excellent you guys are doing great now what. I want you to do is physically point to where in your body that feeling starts good as you point to that feeling.

I want you to look. At it with your inner eyes. I want you to notice that there's a color associated with that sensation whatever the color is make note of it. First impressions only and what.

I want want you to do is. I want you to imagine that you can reach in physically reach in with both of your hands grab all of that wonderful energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you and look. At it with your inner eyes. The.

First thing. I want you to notice is does the color change or stay the same doesn't matter what it is. I just want you to pay attention to that as you look. At it and you notice whether the color changes or stay the same.

I want you to notice it's spinning in a certain direction whatever. Direction it's spinning. I want you to physically grab it with both of your hands and now using your hands. I want you to double the spin in double the amplitude double it again double it again keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and it's only going to get stronger and better and when you know you got it slam it back in notice the change notice how good you feel and allow those feelings to spread all throughout your mind all throughout your body notice those feelings originate from that spot and and.

Then they move somewhere else and. Then they move somewhere else and somewhere else and they begin to create a circuit in your mind of pleasure and eventually it comes back to its point of origin and as soon as it reaches its point of origin whoos. It rushes through that circuit again and who it rushes through that circuit again each time stronger and stronger and stronger bathing your body in wonderful feelings wonderful. Sensations and just allow it to happen because it's already done.

So just sit back and enjoy and anytime you want to amplify it just double this spin a little bit more notice how good you feel beautiful when you know it's right. About where you need to be where you want to be that's good keep working with it you've just discovered your own inner. Universe your own personal code for pleasure and you can do it anytime as many times as you want to and it only gets this strong or even stronger when you know you've got it just open your eyes. Look.

Up here there's some really campy hoers in this room we'll get you okay. Have a seat easy peasy all right. How you feeling okay. She's like she's like.

I can't stop touching it. I can't stop touching right. How you feeling excellent excellent how about you you're you're in. Cloud9 over here he's glowing yes.

Sir visualization no. No. No. No.

This this is a hybrid technique the technical term in the world according to. David is neurosomatic energetic repatterning or neurosomatic repatterning huh it's exactly what you f what we're doing here is we're bridging multiple systems okay. We're using. NLP we're using.

Advanced. Neuroscience we're using energetics. But we're embracing a new concept of how your nervous system works we're engaging the meats suit the body the actual structure that people go through when they're presented with new information is. First they accept and believe.

Then they analyze and process and decide and. Then fight to keep the decision when you go with. First impressions as illogical nonlinear and apparently unrelated as they may be you're tapping into the unconscious part of you that's driving the bus when you start to act it out you take the parts of you that monitor what goes on inside and the parts of you that monitor what goes on outside and you get them all focused and absorbed in one process you light your brain up like a. Christmas tree okay.

Is that energetic yeah in one world according to. David right. Yes. Sir thinking about yogis and cement.

Samantha and thinking about drugs like. LSD. I know you'd be thinking about drugs think about a lot of things adrenaline endomorphins uh oxytocin are those complicating situation do they have their own business model or they're all touching upon things you're telling your mind to do. Anyway they follow the the they follow the thought processes they follow the feelings in the body they're the chemical counterparts of what we're doing non-physical it's all physical really it's just different levels of the same physicality remember this this grid we're talking about this proceptive bubble it's a projection of your pro receptive nervous system how many people know what mirror neurons are if you haven't you need to look.

Those up when. I'm up here and. I'm guiding you through a process there's a physics principle. I'm using called entrainment how many people know what entrainment means if you don't go to.

YouTube look. Uh type in entrainment and you'll see really cool videos they take like 41 different metronomes all set at different speeds and they put them on a table together and within four and a half minutes every single one of those metronomes is moving at the same. Pace okay. Like people heart.

R if you go to heartmath.org they took. A dog and his boy strapped them to instruments let them go out in the yard and play within 15 minutes their heartbeat synchronized it's not suggestion it's not belief it's physics and everything about you is subject to the laws of physics even your thoughts yes. You said when face with new information. First we accept and believe.

First we accept and act as if it's true. Then we rationalize and analyze what have you found well the. First part happens really fast because really yeah because we compare it to. We compare it to what we know to be true remember that critical.

Factor process right. But here's here's the cool part when we. Engage. The.

Body it doesn't matter what our brain's doing remember. I said my techniques are are not dependent on whether you believe or not it's not dependent on whether you have the willpower or not stand up again how many people here know who. Amy. Cy is raise your hands if you know who that is if you don't go look.

It up she's uh doing a great. Ted. Talk on. YouTube called postures of power in that talk.

Amy. Finally brings out scientifically what. I've been teaching for decades is that your physiology your body controls your mind every emotional state that you have has a corresponding breathing pattern a corresponding posture and when you engage the body it doesn't matter what you do cognitively and. I'm going to prove it to you right.

Now actually you're going to prove it to yourself because. I know this being a technical term mind you okay. First things. First.

I want you to again bring up a good feeling wonderful feeling you can. Jazz up that ecstatic feeling you just had and by the way that process. I just taught you you can do with any state you want you want. Clarity and focus you can do it you want calmness and strength you can do it you want to remove a fear you can do it what.

I want you to do. I want you to bring those good feelings back and. I want you to do a little bit we'll start with the good feeling. But.

Then. I want you to add something to it. I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you wanted you knew you wanted it like unstoppably wanted it you made a decision to go for it you made a plan you put the plan into action and you nailed it big time maybe it was that big the big account you landed maybe it was that patient you wanted to fix maybe it was that job you were going for or that term paper or what whatever it was you saw what you wanted you knew you wanted it you made a plan you put the plan into action you won big time super big time. Victory.

I want you to stand the way you were standing. Want. You to. Breathe the way you were breathing that's it do it now while holding that breathing pattern while holding that posture without changing anything try to feel bad notice you can't do it how does that work now double the feelings double the power very nice when you know it's where you want it to be open your eyes.

Look. Up here yeah excellent give you guys a big round of applause. I didn't say sit. I was waiting to see who would sit down.

First now. Next part. I are you hiding gu ah we didn't say sit down yet remember follow instructions right. The.

Next part because. I shown you you can feel good right. Now what. I want you to do usually what.

I do when. I have people do this. Next when. I haveen him turn around and face the other way because.

I don't want you looking at me when. I do this. So. I want you to turn around look.

That look. At look. At. James say hi and thank.

James for coming out and working with my camera and. I he's my good friend and colleague and he is a master trainer in. NLP coaching if any of you are interested in helping other people uh to be more successful in life as a coach. I highly recommend you talk to.

James um because he can teach you stuff that most people won't or can't here's the. Next part. I want you to imagine a time when you went for something and he didn't quite get it didn't quite work out the way you wanted to. I want you to bring back that disappointment.

I want you to stand the way you were standing. I. Want. You to.

Breathe the way you were breathing let those feelings come back for just a moment and now what. I want you to do without changing anything try to feel good notice you can't do it now here's what. I want you to do while holding on to that less than positive feeling shift your body back to the. Victorious triumphant physiology breathe the way you were breathing hold on that negative potion if you can shift your body back roll them shoulders back expand that breathing.

But try try to hold on to that crappy feeling notice you can't do it you mean controlling my emotions is that easy the answer is yes. Ladies and gentlemen now double those good feelings double them again spit them faster spin them stronger make them impossible to go back the way they were excellent and when you feel completely empowered turn around look. Up here oo. I got some serious ass kickers now now here's what.

I want you to do from this place remember that feeling we just had you call up that less than positive feeling. I want you to close your eyes. Point to where you felt it notice that there's a feeling in your body where that that that experience lives notice there's a color associated with that feeling notice the color. First impression reach in look.

At it with your inner eyes. Reach in with both your hands grab all that crap with both hands take it out and hold it in front of you make sure you got it all cuz sometimes that hides being a technical term mind you get it all it's okay. Sometimes it's sticky that's all right. As you look.

At it hold it in your hands in front of you notice did the color change or stay the same. First impression only as you look. At it notice it's spinning in a certain direction grab it with both of your hands and using your physical hands turn it in space. So that it's now the opposite of what it was when you know it's now moving the opposite of what it was double the speed double the amplitude double it again double it again keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's gone oh how about that is change that easy try and bring it back yes.

Does it help to change the color it can once you have you once you know how to interact with your own code whatever you do that makes it better by your standards and definitions is allowed. I've had guys uh when they do this they say it's hot it's really hot and they're like. I said well cool it off if that's what will feel better to cool off goes yeah. I go cool off goes.

I don't know how he goes well figure it out he goes and he stood there for five minutes blowing on it and he cooled it off and it went away and it never came back why because each of you is built on a genetic blueprint print that every human being on the planet shares this is the future this is the past it's that simple when. I played with. Charles he had something that was always bothering always every time he talked about it you can see his face just turn red like somebody had too much hot sauce right. So what did.

I do. I had him reach out right. Play with the size and shape. So you knew you had it yeah and.

Then what did we do. Then you asked me to put it back behind and what happened and when it all ended. I could not put it front anymore now. I think about it it's always back here how about that it's just big yeah and when he started it was this big you can all do this you just did to the degree that you can be as little children to become completely absorbed in the experience without analyzing without judging without criticizing without trying to be the smart guy or the the smart girl.

Jesus said it be his little children it was a code absorption. Focus play you can access your own coding system and you can have be and do whatever you want to be and do is that fair is that worth the price of admission have a seat give yourselves a big round of applause and it's just the beginning just the beginning of what's possible for you okay. Um yes. Sir you keep talking about.

First time and time being a factor before meeting this time isn't there a layer of time just being another layer and when. I think of long-term memory versus shortterm as you get older maybe you have great longterm you forget what you did with your keys kind of thing. But isn't there a mental trip where it bypasses the biology and you're working on a different plane where time isn't even a major oh you're transpersonal work spiritual work well that would be that would be what we're talking about right. We're talking about non-local work right.

I teach that stuff. But not to beginners why you'll blow yourself up okay. Our nervous system is the most powerful most comprehensive information processing system and manifestation system on the planet it's designed to take basically the equivalent of ones and zeros that we're surrounded by and interpret them any way we want it to. But it's not any way we want it to in the terms of what we consciously choose it's what we want it to be in terms of the filters that were put in place outside of our conscious awareness now the reason.

I gave you that experience of changing your physiology is because many of us try to move through the world rationalize and using our reason to get over stuff or to like. I feel this way about a certain situation. But that's not rational. So.

I'm just not going to. I'm not going to respond to it well guess what that's the. Genesis the seed of every ownness. I have to deal with in the clinic your conscious mind evolved not just as a filtering mechanism for you to keep stuff in or keep stuff from coming in it evolved as a mechanism for you you to in go into and analyze and process all of the experiences being stored at the unconscious level the unconscious level is not just your brain how many people noticed when.

I when. I talked about a feeling or an experience that you had a memory for all intents and purposes there was a picture or a sound or something in your head. But when. I had you point to where the feeling was it wasn't up here it was somewhere else why in my world we call that a sematic bridge you see.

NLP which is really the science the pseudo science that discovered that we put pictures all around us spatially we project them below the threshold of conscious awareness they brought out this concept of modalities that the structures of your thoughts are based on the five of the information contained in the five senses the words that come out of your mouth are a literal verbal representation of the visual auditory kinesthetic and. Factory components that make up your thoughts. Therefore if we understand how somebody talks and the structure of how somebody talks we automatically understand the structure of how somebody thinks and. NLP also went on to discover that the order and sequence of the visual the auditory the kinesthetic the olfactory the chain of them that they go in creates behaviors every time we have an experience we sort through a context and our unconscious mind comes up with it an emotion and a set of behaviors that are appropriate to the context okay.

The building blocks that generate that behavior are the visual auditory kinesthetic and old factory elements okay. It's not the size and shape of the experience that does something different when. I had you play with the size and the shape the location what changed the intensity what changed having trou having trou she's in trans. Lynn what changed a feeling the feeling the exper yes.

That we get some kind of control over it well you absolutely do get control over it that's why you came you all came here to take the randomness out of your life right. You came here to get more control more freedom more choice right. And that's okay. That's why the name is.

NLP power because that's why you're all here regardless of what term you use in place of the word power because some of us have a very visceral response to that word. But my point is this the order and sequence of the visual auditory and kinesthetic create behaviors. But the characteristics of each of those is in color of black and white is it big or is it small is it three-dimensional is it moving or is it still those create your experience of a memory. But it's just one small piece you see.

NLP didn't when when when. NLP does its work it does it one at a time. I'll work with the pictures or. I'll work with the feelings or.

I work with the sounds. But in our head or outside of the head what we do is we take a. Quantum approach we take a holographic approach we say if. I'm if.

I'm accessing a thought. I'm accessing an experience and my hand doing this my body is showing to anybody who's trained and understands my body is showing me where in my aura. I prefer the grid where in my grid that sensation is located it's telling me the direction that the energy is moving that needs to happen in order to maintain that experience well if. I'm talking about a problem and.

I'm doing. I got this thing and. I just can't seem to get around it and. I'm doing this what if.

I just imagine that. I could grab it and turn it the opposite way and spin it while. I can't code for one type of experience without automatically creating a code for its opposite and all you have to do is connect the pictures with the feeling the sematic address the place in the body where the feeling lives once you create the connection you have control. Quantum control okay.

Sometimes when we play with pictures we can get a change sometimes when we play with feelings we get a change and some of us can do it mentally we can just do it in our head and it'll work. But a lot of us can't because anything that's generated in the body overwhelms the willow it overwhelms the critical. Factor the conscious mind and you can't use all of your faculties that's why. I showed you how to change your body.

First if you're in a stressful situation you're in an emotionally disturbed situation disturbing situation you're in a battlefield or you're in a car accident or somebody's having a violent. AB reaction which happens to me all the time because. I cause them because that's how. I'm going to find the biggest problem and fix it okay.

How do you control your state if you're critical if you're if you're if the part of you your willpower is overwhelmed you just learned it change your physiology the environment can overwhelm you the situation or context can overwhelm you. But unless somebody physically restrains you and ties you in a specific position there is no. Power on. Earth that can take over your physiology.

But you isn't it. Delta. State like race cars drivers over 200 miles an hour they go to automatically to see things like they go into time. Distortion that's a trans phenomenon okay.

That's different okay. What. I'm it's a physiological change that gives you an altered perception. But what.

I'm saying is if you want emotional control anytime anywhere control your body people who are chronically depressed you ever see their posture you ever see anybody working at a cubicle here's my point everything in the universe is a feedback loop your mind affects your body your body affects your mind if you want to change how your brain works change what your body is doing you can control fear absolutely absolutely you can control any feeling you have that's pretty cool. But you have to have the presence of mind to hold the physiology how many people noticed that when you were in that positive physiology that winter physiology and. I had you try to remember something that was less than positive how many people noticed their body wanted to do this and you had to consciously fight against it welcome to the. Mind.

Body feedback loop every psycho emotional state that you experience has a physiology every physiology has a corresponding. Trans. State or emotional state all emotions are transstates when you are feeling those wonderful feelings of ecstasy and pleasure were you completely absorbed in it were you focused wow when you're terrified are you focused you bet your bippy bippy being a technical term. I haven't figured out a.

CO acronym for yet are you yes. What about when. I thought he was going to give me an acronym for bippy. I was what about when someone's not focused.

Panic uh fragmented or disorganized that's also a trans. But it's not one that you can manage until you change their physiology okay. Again when one is in disarray you can use the other to get it back. But most of us are brought up in a society that cult that puts an an abnormally large amount of emphasis on the conscious mind and willpower and gives us almost no.

Training in how to develop it we live in a culture that that for many many decades taught us not to trust our conscious mind taught us that everything that's. Primal and primitive and and dirty and nasty and blah about ourselves isn't our unconscious well guess what. So is everything that's good about you all the joys all the passions all the talents it's all there too most people wind up in my chair because the parts of them the best parts of them aren't talking because they've created images and identities within themselves that are at odds with each other even though they all want what's best for the body and the. Mind as a whole the reasons that they go the reason the way they're going about them are not are mutually exclusive sometimes they working with different brains because.

I thought. The. Reptilian. Brain had stuff that's sort of lustful and organic and stuff like that.

So when you're talking now you're talking about what brain or you kind at this point which brain is doing what isn't nearly as important as the fact that they're in. Conflict that's what's important when you brought at the beginning of tonight's lecture lecture being a technical term how many people had at least one major experience or. Epiphany tonight raise your hands okay. Cool how many the rest of you are lying and just don't want to raise your hands all right.

Um yes. Sir. So um there was this movie called. Big.

Daddy starring. Adam. Sandler and um. So there was a kid who was scared and he told the kid okay.

Put these glasses on these sunglasses on and they're going to make you fearness mhm. So did end the feel fear yeah. I watched this a few years ago five years ago and. U was a like throwing up she felt uncomfortable for some reason.

I know now why. But at that time. I didn't know why and. I took.

Uh one of those um rubber bracelets. M. I thought back to uh to that movie and. I thought okay.

You know uh. I'm. I'm you know reaching for for a solution. I don't know if this is going to work.

So. I took. One of those rubber bracelets and. I put it on her wrist said okay.

As long as you have this on nothing bother you okay. And she listened to me and uh from what. I remember. MH not surprised at all how many times did.

Mommy or. Daddy kiss the. Boo. Boo and make it better did youat that yeah he.

Bas his daughter was was. Ill she was nauseous or sick or something and uh he had just seen a movie called. Big. Daddy with.

Adam sammer which actually as as as much of a segue as that seems. It's actually quite relevant and what he did was he took. This bracelet and he basically took. A queue from.

Sandler where the the child in the movie was very afraid and. So. Adam. Sandler's character put a pair of glasses on the child and basically said as long as you wear these you won't be afraid and.

So he he did the same thing with a bracelet and say as long as you wear this you'll be fine and she was okay. How old was your daughter um four years ago maybe she was like seven seven okay. Who's the dominant authority figure in her life who's the who's the ultimate. Arbiter of.

Truth in that child's life right. Remember at seven years of age the critical. Factor barely exists whatever you tell a child is true with congruence and love and sincerity they're going to believe as long as they absor as long as they follow the instructions and they accept the instructions and suggestions when. I work with somebody my my techniques are not based on whether you believe they will work or not or not they're based on whether you follow the instructions okay.

It's that simple if you follow the instructions you get the result it's just a question of degree trance is inevitable trance is natural trance is what you experience every minute of every day it happens. So smoothly. So naturally. So seamlessly you're never aware of it that somebody like me comes along and really really forces you to become aware of how things are shifting okay.

Like daydreaming is trans everything's a trans you can't learn without trance you can't experience music art literature any ecstatic experience any any any experience really you have good transes you have less than positive transes really enough such thing as a bad trance the question is is the trance useful for the outcome you want is it getting you what you want right. Now um it's going on either my watch stopped or. I'm in. I'm an extreme.

I'm an extreme time. Distortion um. So before we got into the yes. Sir ask you know the.

YouTube people are going to hate you guys for asking all these questions again. I get hate mail about the questions from these guys when they watch the video you think maybe uh love is the greatest way to shift your uh subconscious to reprogram your your conscious thought do. I think love is yes. No.

Maybe not okay. I. I think. I don't know love is a.

Trans. State no. But. I was love is a.

Trans. State period it's just another state saying like love thoughts could transfer or change your unconscious programs that you have in embedded in that my experience love just just hard drive to make them better no. I don't believe that like well what. I'm saying.

I mean about you were saying right. Now like uh taking out the bad or the hate or things when you were like for instance at those. SPS when you were a child or whatever and making them uh and you know making them into changing them. But with love and with kindness and and acceptance the answer to your question is yes.

And no. You see the reason that we have problems and again this kind of gets into um some of the pro some of the more detailed processes that. I use what. I showed with you night is one small part of an overall system.

I created many years ago. I didn't develop it for you guys sorry to tell you. I developed it for me to make my life better to help the people. I loved and.

I cared about live better healthier more happy more fulfilling lives to remove their pain. I got tired. I got sick and tired of seeing too many of my loved ones die grow old be crippled by emotions they couldn't they couldn't deal with and subate them in the body and. I just wouldn't take it anymore okay.

That's if you really want to know. I'm going to show you my panties a little bit that's one of the reasons. I do do the things. I do it's why.

I stand up here giving you better information for free than most people charge you for because part of my job is to end suffering that was my personal mission for me it's mine for you the other part of that is a little bit more on the positive side and that's to show you what is possible you don't have to do things the way. I do. But maybe just maybe because of something you experienced here tonight you'll go and you'll make a shift you'll make a change in your life make some decisions to do something different to explore your mind and body to explore the things you've been running away from with a different set of eyes. Realizing you have far more control than you thought and it starts with one little experience one little.

Epiphany or aha okay. Uh you're welcome uh. I'm going to do. I'm going to do a couple of things real quick there's one one more thing.

I want or another demo that. I want to do real quick it's a little bit long. So what. I want to do is.

I have some things that some events and things that we've got coming up uh and. I know some of you is getting close to our some of you already looking at your watch going to. Sprint for the door. So what.

I'd like to do if it's okay. Is. I'd like to tell you a little bit about some things we've got coming up uh hand out some worksheets and uh we have a couple of gifts for you guys tonight most important of one being everyone who came out tonight and some people came as far as mene. Orange.

County what have you um anybody who came out tonight uh. I'm. I'm offering everybody a free 30 minute consultation with me what. I do isn't a fit for everybody.

So. I'm giving everybody the op usually to to work with me it's anywhere from $175 to $350 an hour. So it's a $175 value coming on in just sit with me talk with me and. I'll tell you if.

I can help you if. I can't help you. I'll point you in a direction of somewhere that. I can what.

I. But we only have a limited number of time slots cuz. I'm leaving on on a plane in a couple of weeks. So.

I need to get you guys in and processed on the chairs around you you'll notice a pen you'll notice two cards what. I want you to do is. I want you to keep one of those cards for you on the other card. I want you to write your name address or your name and telephone number and a good email and.

I want you to go back and hand it to this lovely young lady in the pink dress that's my daughter my oldest daughter. Tracy uh if you go to my. Facebook. Page every now and.

Then you'll see me posting some artwork that's she's completely self-taught four years ago she won. Second place in the. D. County.

Fair for artwork never had a lesson in her life. So that's my proud moment. So all. I want you to do is.

U before you leave tonight if you want to if you want to come and see me it's completely free. I don't promise to fix your problem. But we'll talk about it and we'll see if there's actually a fit between what you want and what. I do see her she'll get you on the schedule okay.

Um can you hand out the the papers. June 26th and 27th. I've got a two-day event at the beginning of this the beginning of of tonight's talk. I asked three questions.

I asked how many people are coaches and. I had like two or three people raise their hand that's about right. And. I asked how many people want to get certified and do this with other people and.

I had a couple people raise their hand and. Then. I asked the all important question how many people want to fix their own stuff right. June 26th and 22nd.

I have a very special. Workshop 7th 26th and 27th. I have a very special. Workshop sh coming up it's called secrets of self uh self secrets of self-mastery and it's a hybrid.

It's a combination of me literally programming the seven stages. I'm about to explain to you as well as teaching you how to do it for yourself. So if you've got fears you've got negativity from your past that's kind of holding you back in area stuff you don't even know you have. I'll show you how to get rid of it not only will.

I show you how to get rid of it. I'm going to do it to you okay. I'm going to show you how to sometimes when we have an a memory or an experience that we have an actual process for we go and we do this process and the problem comes back usually that's because our part of our brain is afraid that if we if we let go of this experience we'll forget the lesson it had to teach us and it'll come back we have processes for eliminating that we're going to teach you that too there's a problem that a lot of us have with the voices in our head is telling us nasty about ourselves we have a special technique just for getting rid of that and changing that voice into a voice that only tells you the best things about yourself it's called the voice of authority it's amazing technique sometimes when we think about it sometimes we have a problem with wondering what kind of feelings we should be having on a regular basis a lot of us move through the world in this kind of anxious worried state. But there's actually a couple states that we can program in that actually move us towards the things we want and make our lives more fun there's three of them playfulness intense curiosity and.

Triumph when we move through the world in those. States everyone around us changes we have special techniques just for layering that in. So you'll move through the world with more confidence ladies you'll be seen everywhere you go and you know what. I mean when.

I say that you will be more charismatic you will be more influential and people will get you a lot more okay. Sometimes when we think about our past we think about the past in such a way that it only makes us feel bad we only see the bad pictures we have special techniques that take the energy out of those pictures and move them into all the positive aspects of your life. So that whenever you think about the past you only think about it in a way that makes your life better sometimes once we built those resources in what we want to do is we want to change the person who had the experiences in the. First place.

But before they had the experience. Carlos asked about love and his love p is love uh can love change things um what's your name again. Ken. Ken.

I'm sorry for some. Ken's been coming a long time and he's always had some good information. But. Ken asked about time and how does time change and how and time how does the time.

Distortion work well your unconscious to your unconscious mind to your nervous system time is just another filter remember. I said point to a place that you have that happened a year ago or four years ago and you reached out and you touched it right. Point to something that happened yesterday and you reached out and you touched it well there's a part of your brain a part of your nervous system a part of your unconscious mind that tracks the chronology of your life and the further back you go go in history the more powerful the memories become. So what would happen if we were to take the person who after.

However many years of life you've had who's gone through the those change work processes. I just described change the memories change the voices change the unconscious feelings change the reasons they were being kept in place what if the person with all those skills and all those experiences of becoming free and how to be free of them what if we went back before those events ever took. Place and taught that little child how to do it in such a way that as they moved forward through those experiences the person who experienced them already had all the love all the safety all the nurturing every resource and perspective that they they could have ever wanted and needed at that moment what if that person went through those experiences what would happen when you think of the thing that one of the most troubling experiences of your life what if if it's you went through that you were supported by the fact that no. Matter where you go no.

Matter what happened to you no. Matter who hurt you or tried to hurt you there was always someone there to advise you to support you to hold your hand to give you that hug you wanted most and needed most at that time. So that no. Matter where you went no.

Matter what you did you knew you were always loved you were never alone what would that be like you mean. July right. July 26 and 27th. July 26th and 27th ladies and gentlemen that's what we're going to do together okay.

Depending on the size of the group we'll either be doing it at my clinic in salana. Beach or we'll be doing it here now normally to do something like that. I would charge right. Around 1,000 to $2,000.

But that's not why. I'm here tonight my job tonight is to give you the keys to getting everything you want in life to becoming the person that you've always wanted to be. So. I'm making it ridiculously easy normally to do that kind of work it's a $2,000 workshop and my initial price point was going to be right.

Around $1,000 right. And. I said well you know what it's special you guys all came out. So.

I said well 497 is is fair. I was like you know what. I want to reward people who take action. So.

I'm tell you what you're going to do on your sheet anybody who enrolls in the program tonight you can have both days and me 197 bucks that's it if you want to do that if you leave here if you leave here tonight it goes up to 497 which is still a great deal for the. Transformations we're talking about. But if you want to get in and you want to lock in that special rate see the young lady in the pink shirt and she will in fact get you set up. But you all get a free 30-minute consult just for coming out and putting up with my spiel okay.

So here's what. I want you to do. I want you to close your eyes. Put your feet flat on the floor oh by the way some of you asked about my ongoing mentoring program um once we finish this particular part of tonight.

I'll be happy to answer any questions you have about that it's not for everybody only people who really want to get some some real powerful skills that they can go out and use in the real world. I've also got some certification programs coming up anybody who's interested in that come and see me also. But. I don't want to take up any of your valuable time and.

I want to do this one. Last process with you if that's okay. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take. Every. Beat of your heart ladies and gentlemen just allow those wonderful feelings of pleasure that we generated earlier the ones you really like notice where in your body those feelings live and begin to spin that energy begin to spin it faster faster and faster notice as you begin to spin it and it begins to take on a life of its own stronger and stronger that in fact it begins to move it begins to move from that place where it lives and it moves to another location and. Then once it's been there for a certain amount of time it moves to the.

Second the. Third location and the fourth location and it begins to spin it begins to cycle through your body now you may notice as that energy continues to pick up speed to pick up amplitude that your body starts to do strange things some of you may laugh some of you may yawn some of your ey some of you your eyes. May water some of you may want to feel emotions coming up that's okay. That's part of the shedding process your nervous system is going through as you begin to rewrite the software that controls your life experience and.

I want you to allow those feelings of pleasure and joy to just double and triple eventually eventually coming back to that place where they started and when they reach that point of origin. I want you notice that they double again and double again and double again and. Then what. I want you to do is.

I want you to imagine with me if you would that you could while keeping your eyes. Closed. I want you to imagine that you can open and close your eyes. And each time you close your eyes.

I want you to deepen this feeling deepen this experience and close your eyes. Imagine in your imagination slower and slower and let your feelings just intensify open your eyes. Close your eyes. Open your eyes.

Close your eyes. Allowing those tiny muscles in your eyelids to just relax deeper and deeper spreading that relaxation from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes your body suffused with all those wonderful feelings open your eyes. And your mind close them again going 10 times deeper into that wonderful. State and now as your body continues to be saturated with those wonderful.

Sensations those wonderful feelings percolating all throughout your mind all throughout your body what. I want you to do now is imagine you can float up out of your body you can actually look. Down and you can see those colored energies surging and. Rippling through every part of you only growing stronger with.

Every. Breath. You. Take in.

Every. Beat of your heart and what. I want you to do now is imagine that you can look. Down and see intersecting your life a glowing thread of energy and there's a part of you that already realizes that this is your personal timeline your personal filing system for how your unconscious encode your past your present and your future.

I want you to begin to float backwards along that line of time back through your 20s your teens your pre-teens back through childhood looking down seeing it and just passing over it moving all the way back to a point of light and passing into that light and into someplace else a place that exists outside of time as we know it the place from which your. Consciousness the true part of who you are that true self its source its origin and as you do. I want you to notice a feeling of safety of warmth of security of deep deep connection and nurturing and in this place there's a spark that is the seed that will become all that you are in this life and as you go into that spot into that spark merging with that spark of. Consciousness allow everything you've learned today how to spin how to move pictures around how to work with with your own coding system let all of that information all of that knowledge transfer into that spark of.

Consciousness. So that from this moment forward as you move through the events of your life the you that will experience them is different now teach it how to move through every part of you and find the places that need to be spun in the reverse. Direction how to move the pictures from where they're hurting you to where they're helping you impart that information and when you know you've got it only when you know you've got it. I want you to do something even more special.

I want you to whisper in a way that that spark knows it's getting it no. Matter what happens to you sometimes people will hurt us or try to hurt us sometimes they'll lie to us sometimes they do things we don't like sometimes circumstances will happen that we can't control. But no. Matter where you go no.

Matter what you do no. Matter what happens to you in your life. I will always be there to hold you to advise you to tell you only the very best things about yourself to give you the very best advice and avoid that you can always trust that you can always believe that will transmit to you in an endless supply everything you could ever want and need to not just understand what's going on in a whole new way not just to accept it not just to survive. But to thrive by your standards and definitions and when you know you've got it when you know it's true for you allow yourself to begin to move forward through the events of your life noticing how everything is already changing how through every event that voice is with you how through every experience this voice this presence is there sharing with you guiding you advising you telling you the very simple truth that no.

Matter where you go and no. Matter what you you do you're always loved and you're never alone and let the truth of that sink in move through the events of your life feeling the changes. Ripple through every level of your body and mind and understand you've touched something powerful you've touched something real and. From.

This. Moment forward it only gets better now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from 1 to five when.

I reach the number five you'll emerge from the state coming fully back to the present only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed that you know you've changed for the better and it only gets better number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a deeper more powerful more pervasive understanding of what reality really is and that you have far more control far more freedom and power than you ever dreamed possible and that the keys to that power the keys to making your life everything you want it to be are right. In front of you number two all of my suggestions from me to you and from you to your own unconscious mind are now 10 times more powerful than ever before each time you go into a powerful. State of. Trance whether it's through meditation through guided hypnosis or with me you'll simply go 10 times deeper than the time before everything you've done for your benefit will only work 10 times better whether it's with me or with somebody else or by yourself all of the wonderful work you've done to improve your life will only get better it's just the way you work number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly automatically begin to generate those.

Solutions and put them into action easily effortlessly automatically for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you ladies and gentlemen you've made the jour. Journey you've made the commitment you're doing the work you deserve the rewards and it's true for you now on the. Next count you can emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed that you know you're ready willing and eager to make your life everything you've ever wanted it to be already realizing you have powerful tools that you can start putting into implementation and into action right. Now number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel everybody have a good trip take your time it's all right.

Some of us go deeper than others some of us don't want to come back. I have this need to. Applause thank you guys did great for those of you who want yes. That was your applause she has such an cool little idy she sits down like this.

I love it you guys are all cool thank you all for coming out for those of you who want to take advantage of the stuff see. Tracy just stampeder she'll take care of you if you have questions about other trainings other processes come see me yes. What's the difference between your classes on. July 12th and 13th and this one.
