Title: How to manifest anything you want in the shortest amount of time humanely possible!
File Name: Kxj0FUQR-Q0.txt
Video Id: Kxj0FUQR-Q0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kxj0FUQR-Q0

Hello hello hello my friends welcome to the hidden laws of attraction how to reprogram your subconscious mind for success health wealth and happiness i'm your host for the. Next 880 minutes or. So dr david snyder i see a lot of people in the chat it's. So exciting for to be back we've take we took.

A little bit of a hiatus uh we had a lot of live trainings that we had to do as you know when uh when coven shut everybody else down we leaned into it and said you know what we're not gonna stop we're gonna keep going out there we're gonna get in front of people and we're gonna show them how to transform their lives and that's exactly what we did and people have been sending me their success stories and their oh my god moments um every day since we started doing that we just finished a seven day deep dive into the wonderful world of david and the vibrational influence curriculum which part of this is taken from in costa rica we did a seven day deep dive and we showed things that have never seen the light of day. So i just want to share some things with you really really quickly you can't hear me in zoom um does anybody else in zoom not hear me or just ivy the only one who cannot hear me okay. People tell me ivy it must be on your end because it seems like everybody else can hear you very very well it might be useful for you to log out and log back in okay. Um and see where that takes you all right.

So a lot of us are are i've heard this thing called the law of attraction and i'm i've been practicing the law of attraction since uh before it was actually called the law of attraction uh back when it was actually called magic or manifestation or things like that in nature. So um let me just go ahead and do my administrative stuff really really quickly hey if this is your. First. First of all like i said before if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you probably not the best use of your your.

Next three hours right. Uh if this is your. First time with us what i'd like to do now is i'd like you to type your name where you're checking in from and i'm going to ask this multiple times throughout the course of the webinar what do you want to take away from today what is the thing that if you if you got nothing else from this webinar would say this was completely worth the time it took. To do what david says and and and spend three hours on this what would that be for you right.

I want you to go ahead and type that in the chat okay. Now if you're a veteran of planet david if you've been be bopping around the planet david uh three six eight months a year ten years some of us have been with me for 12 years some of us been three four years and you've you've been around you've been to some of the live events and you've used our material i want you to go ahead and type your name how long you've been in planet david. So that we know who you are and that we can recognize you now the reason i'm doing this besides the recognition part is because like i said before as we go through this content and by the way none of the content in the following presentation that we're going to go through requires belief now that's going to fly in the face with a lot of people who study the law of attraction or teach the law of attraction uh are are preaching out there we've taken a lot of time at planet david to distill these things down to principles and mechanics and if you follow the mechanical principles. Then we're going to show you.

Then these things will have a high probability of working very very quickly for you now we're going to teach you why the law of attraction does and doesn't work why there's a lot of misinformation about that and how you can begin to clear up that crap in your life right. Away. But just uh you know if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in this study even in a three-hour webinar i have time to take to give you this much. So here's my commitment to you tonight and for as long as you're in planet day whether it's just for tonight or for the rest of your life or some points in between tonight i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have i will teach you as much as you can absorb and practice and i will point you in the direction of where to go for more if that's the course you want to take if you really are committed to upgrading your life and becoming the best version of yourself i will show you what to do.

Next is that a fair trade if you think that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat for me this is a very interactive webinar by the way this is one of the things that i think makes a learning experience. So profound the more you do these drills the more you get active the more you take part in this process the more rapidly you'll discover these things unfolding and you'll uncover the the own magic inside of your nervous system inside of your neurology i've been quoted as saying many times human beings are magic incarnate and tonight with your help and a little bit of patience you're going to experience that magic. First hand okay. Because again nothing is more convincing than an experience and that's my job to give you the experience okay.

Um. So let's see i've done my profanity and by the way just for you know i have a very pro my intention is never to offend anyone period okay. But my style of presentation can often be very provocative. So if something i say causes a really sudden emotional response in you and you don't know where it came from that's a sign from your neurology that there's something there that needs to be explored using some of the techniques that we're going to be sharing with you because we're going to tell you how to clear some serious out of your neurology really quick to open a path for greater and greater manifestations.

So tonight if you are ready let's jump in now let me close the loop on my veterans like i said before if i don't if you ask a question and i don't get the answer or it doesn't fit in the flow of the webinar it's going to take us down the rabbit hole we don't need to go i ask my my veterans that people been around planet david for three four five six years a year. However long who has experience with these materials with the you know the question that you're asking please go ahead and answer that right. Because you expect me um you know could you expect me to say my stuff's the greatest thing since sliced bread i get that. But people won't keep coming back year after year after year if they're not getting some kind of value some kind of result from what we're doing.

So i don't ask you to believe anything that you're going to learn over the. Next three hours all i ask you to do is do it and experience for yourself and. Then make your decision to upgrade or not right. If it works for you use it if it doesn't work find something that does right.

If you can get get results faster than i do i'm coming to your seminar okay. So that being said we do have two streams that were uh streaming to we're streaming to our youtube channel our youtube brothers and sisters are out there they get a little bit of a delay in the video feed. But their questions are in real time. So if again we have people in the chats on youtube we have people manning the chats here in zoom and we we have our uh we have a position and planet david called whack a troll and.

So if you catch you behaving badly uh you it's a there's a zero tolerance policy we'll just move you to timeout and. Then we'll move you out permanently right. So again we don't usually have those kinds of problems. But every now and.

Then someone comes in and tries to you know ruin the experience for everybody and we have people in place to handle that. So that being said is this the right. Place you know for those of you who are brand new to planet david one of the big questions that people often ask let me go ahead and share my screen here really quick is who the heck is david snyder and why should i care. First and foremost i am an actual doctor of chinese acupuncture and oriental medicine this is a copy of my diploma from pacific college of oriental medicine i've been a practicing acupuncturist with a clinic here in solana beach california since about 2005 where my specialty is treating physiological illness that is due to repressed emotions and.

So uh in addition to that i'm also a neuro-linguistic programmer and a very highly qualified hypnotherapist an energy healer and we use the combination of all these modalities in a multi-disciplinary integrative approach to help people get over terminal cancer chronic pain all forms of trauma um ptsd um pretty much the full spectrum of emotionally induced illness which as you'll discover as you get deeper and deeper into these studies is pretty much everything short of getting hit by a truck um pretty much any chronic illness that's going into a doctor's office has some kind of emotional memory-based route that is uh treatable through the kind of interventions that we're talking about. So. So you know in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org i've been in the top two for the. Last six or seven years uh.

So we come pretty highly rated this is kind of cool some of the techniques that we'll be talking about today are from a course i created back in 2006 called killer influence this is a letter from globalgurus.org saying that dear dr david it is with pleasure to announce that your course oops let me fix that for you really quick um killer influence your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp of 2022 uh you can see it here and of course if you click on that page you'll find um the global gurus page where you can see our course and uh killer influence as the number one nlp training program several years in a row actually this was a very pleasant surprise because i don't i don't know how they actually rank these things i have a 10 degree black belt in route kempo fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao. Second degree black belt and kosho kempuru. First degree black belt in fong kuru jujitsu i'm a certified instructor in combat systema single mono. Escrima and modern arnis and i like to make a joke i have more energy healing credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers i've been a reiki master since before reiki was cool i have certification in advanced chronic healing and chronic psychotherapy i'm trained in advanced dna theta healing thanks to energy healing and i have many many different systems of qigong in my background as well as being a hermetics practitioner now when people when i go through this laundry list inevitably people ask me.

So what what do all you know what why should i care about all this stuff what all these things have in common and this is again where things start to come together for you all these things have in common two aspects control of your vibrational state which is what is the we understand the law of attraction to be is controlling your vibrational state. But also something even potentially more important if that's possible and that's pattern recognition the ability to identify patterns of energy patterns of thought patterns of belief patterns of movement patterns of speech all of these things are implicit within a human being and if you understand how to perceive them. Then human beings become very very predictable the universe itself actually becomes a lot more predictable and malleable to your intentions and your will. So everything in my life has prepared me to learn about understanding and perceiving patterns and.

So when people ask me what all these things have to do with success health wealth and happiness pretty much everything pretty much everything okay. So are you in the right. Place well i don't believe there's. So there's i believe there are no.

Accidents i believe in a world that is. So fundamentally interconnected that it gives the illusion of being random. So let's take some of that randomness out of your manifestation and out of your life if you're ready you can just type that's me in the chat if you're ready to remove the blocks to success to get over limiting beliefs to attract the love health wealth success and more opportunities into your life without adding more to your everyday workload go ahead and type that's for me in the chat if you're ready to take your life to the. Next level and become the best version of yourself go ahead and type that's for me in the chat okay.

But there's more right. Would you like and again if any of these resonate with you just go ahead and type that's for me in the chat okay. The more i know about what you want the more i can target the content of this webinar to getting you there. So if you'd like to become super attractive to the opposite sex maybe even make them find you charming and fascinating and irresistible go ahead and type that's for me in the chat if you'd like to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate more confidence and assertiveness everywhere you go go ahead and type that's for me in the chat if you'd like to make more money from your job book.

More clients um build your business get a raise or promotion that you deserve go ahead and type that in the chat if you'd like to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to without feeling like you're manipulating or coercing or lying or deceiving people go ahead and type that in the chat right. If you like to be able to inspire your children your spouses your employees your team members to eagerly follow your lead you're going to find some really powerful techniques in today's webinar that are going to give you an ethical. But almost unfair advantage in every aspect of your life because you're going to learn very very quickly how your nervous system works how it interacts with the microcosm we call the universe and how these two are constantly intercommunicating to generate the phenomena and the interactions you have with other people human beings are little small micro universes in and of themselves that reflect what's going on outside of us and once we understand the dynamics of that system and how it works we can start to program our own minds our own bodies to be more effective out in the real world without working harder right. Um if you'd like to be able to surround yourself with a tribe of trustworthy and loyal friends who mirror your values who reflect and approve of the way you live your life go ahead and type that in the chat that's what we're all about here at planet dave okay.

So here's my promise to you if you stay until the end of the webinar tonight i'm gonna teach you the fastest most powerful direct way to reprogram your mind magnetize yourself for unlimited success health wealth and happiness using the real laws of attraction and i say the real laws of attraction because one of the biggest challenges that we run into as students of this particular practice is that the law of attraction isn't one law they can be summed up in a the classic like attracts like you you bring things in harmony with your dominant thoughts. But it's actually seven laws that interact with another seven laws that govern your mind and if you don't understand the dynamics of these and how they play into your manifestation you can often shoot yourself in the foot with the even if you have the best of intentions. So we're going to cover as much as like i said we're going to cover as much of that as we can in the time that we have between now and the end of the webinar we're also going to show you systematically how to use your mind and body together to change your vibration to match what it is you want to attract how to program it into your future we're going to show you how to remove the blocks to your success that some of which you didn't even know you had right. We're going to teach you very very simply how to figure out what are your dominant thoughts and what aren't because many times what screws us up isn't the fact that we um we actually don't know what our dominant thoughts are that's one of the big secrets right.

I'll show you how to figure that out right. How to get rid of negative emotions fear pain limiting beliefs and more. So at the end of the day i'm going to share with you the exact steps to go from interesting information to maximum powerful manifestation in the in the shortest amount of time possible. So if that sounds like you're ready to go let's jump in go ahead and type in the chat if you're ready to go with that okay.

I'm going to share my screen once again some of the material that we are going to share with you this is my vibrational alchemy chart this is known in my my beginner's classes as the identity by design silo this is a systematic approach seven stages of unique personal transformation that teaches you how to systematically cleanse your mind and body from the negativity you didn't even know you had how to remove secondary gain and limiting beliefs that are keeping you stuck or keeping you from moving forward how to install the default driver states the positive vibrational frequencies and success attributes that lead to success how to change the internal voice in your brain and in your mind. So that it actually builds you up and motivates you and inspires you and tells you all the reasons why you deserve something instead of all the reasons why you don't have systematically this is called temporal editing how to systematically sanitize the negative events and memories from your past. So that they have no. Energy.

So when you look. Back on the past you only remember in ways that make your life better. Then what we do let me get my let me get my annotation out here really really quickly. Then what we're going to do is we're going to take this entire again in the silo we're not going to do all this today obviously we take all this and we we install it before your very.

First memory as an infant. So it becomes a template and reprograms your dna if you guys are familiar with any of the work by dr bruce lipton on epigenetics this is an epigenetic intervention where we literally install this stuff before your very. First memory once that's done we teach our students how to take the qualities traits characteristics and attributes of their heroes of people they want to be most like and build them into their own personality into their own neurology. So that they can express those traits powerfully as well this is called the identity by design silo each and every piece of this is simultaneously a hypnotic process a meditative process and an energetic vibrational process now obviously we don't have time to go through every single piece.

But i will show you how to get access to all of that as we proceed i'm going to drill down on one or two aspects of this and i'm going to make sure that by the time you leave the webinar today you can do about some of the things that we're going to talk about does this sound does this sound useful or interesting go ahead and tell me what you think let me go ahead and stop sharing for here [Music] some reason i can't find my that's not what i want okay. Okay. Uh let me see we're at uh let me look. At that we've got a lot of comments going on again guys you guys are blowing up my chat box very cool all right.

So let's start with um some some very strong basics. First of all we talk about the law of attraction i'm gonna i'm going to shift my screen again there's several areas that we can cover we can cover the laws themselves we can talk about why is the law of attraction not working for us one of the reasons is that the way most of us have been exposed to the law of attraction is and correct me if i'm wrong and if you have slightly different experience that's okay. Most of us are taught that you will attract into your life the situation circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts and that sounds like okay. If i just control okay.

Bidology says i feel too tired to manifest on burnout okay. That's usually a self-defense mechanism by the way i'll show you how to get around that um one of the problems that we have is you have to understand that there are seven laws that make up the hermetic principles that the universe works by okay. Uh chris is asking i need to raise my vibrational energy that's great what does that actually mean and this is the problem that we have here's the. First powerful technique i want to share with you how many of you by a show that's me in the chat would like to be 30 percent better at everything cross context how many just raise your hands or say that's me that's me whatever right.

Here's what you have to do okay. All you gotta do is be playful have as much fun be as curious as humanly possible and you will automatically raise your vibration now that's the science that particular statistic comes from a field of very easy-going fun-loving people called hostage negotiators right. If you've ever been to a hostage negotiation or seen the job hostage negotiators have to do it's really light and airy isn't it no. It isn't right.

What that means is what the science shows us if if the hostage negotiator themself goes into the negotiation with more easy going relaxed playful explorational let's see what happens kind of an energy he is there up to 30 31 more perceptive he is 31 more adaptable 31 smarter 30 percent for more resourceful and persuasive and what's interesting is and this is where again we start to see that that vibrational bridge bridging effect between us and other human beings the hostage his counterpart the hostage taker is up to 30 percent 31 more compliant would it be useful to have people in your life 31 percent one-third almost one-third of the time more compliant and open and amenable to what you want them to do would that be useful okay. Here's the secret all you gotta do is be playful right. So. But how does that work i mean let's do it and again i'm giving you this very important piece.

First because i need you to understand that this isn't just some metaphysical mumbo jumbo this shit's been proven over and over and over again i don't know about loki energy being exactly the energy i'd go for. But maui well now he's the same energy. But um being happy-go-lucky playful and now i'm going to ask you a series of questions and i want you to answer these free you know in the chat we all know that higher vibrations again getting into the law of attraction right. Higher vibrations control lower vibrations that's just the law of physics isn't it true not true okay.

So let's think about this for a moment what energies which energy has a higher vibration seriousness or playfulness right. Which energies which energy is hot which energy is it has a higher vibration hate or love which energies are higher envy selfishness or gratitude okay. So here's the thing how many of you have ever done affirmations show of hands how many different affirmations all right. Now be honest right.

How many of you almost never do affirmations until you're in a shitty mood and. Then when they use the affirmations to get out of it anybody you ever wonder what some i get you see a lot of hands out there right. This is why a lot of times your manifestations don't work your affirmations don't work you're in the wrong state remember i said there are two things that all my life experience had in common vibrational state control and pattern recognition. So one of the things this is the.

Second big piece for you if you want to do manifestation work you got to change your state. First right. If you want to manifest you know a seven figure business or you want to manifest the perfect love of your life or you want to manifest the perfect employee and you're angry or you're you're frustrated because the person you're with isn't it guess what you got to do. First what do you have to do.

First come on it's not a trick question you got to change your state how do you do that i'm glad you asked would you guys like to know how to change your state in an instant and. Then build on that would that be useful come on let me see all right. So here's what we're going to do. First how many of you can be playful for no.

Friggin reason anybody if you can it's okay. Okay. How many of you would like to be able to generate intense feelings of pleasure on demand would that be cool okay. Both are more useful for manifesting than any other states pleasure and play right.

So here's what we're going to do we're going to learn how to control our state would that be okay. Okay. Very cool. So now we're going to do a couple of closed eye processes together if you're driving please do not do this exercise right.

If you really want to experience the process. Then pull off to the side of the road put the car in park turn off the key take it out of the ignition. So you know accidents don't happen put the emergency brake on and make sure that people are going to bang on your door and you can follow along otherwise stay on to the end of the webinar come back for the replay go through the process when it's safe for you to do. So.

So here's the. First thing you need to understand if we want to start to access the law of attraction we need to change our states. First before we do anything else we need to get into a positive vibrational state now that screws people up a lot because they don't actually know what they're talking about that's why i started talking about emotions okay. Now i'm going to give you something that's a little heavy a little heady here.

But i want you to understand this vibrationally speaking the way we count the way we calibrate frequency in this realm is through our body feelings body feelings right. And. So we can program the entire universe by understanding the the language of feeling now you have two kinds of feelings that that move through the system your body you have emotions and you have sensations most of your all sensations are feelings. But not all um all feelings are emotions.

But not all. But not all feelings are all emotions or feelings. But not all feelings or emotions and again we talk a lot more about this an identity by design we talk about it in vibrational healing and vibrational influence we can talk about what that actually means on a theoretical level as well as a practical level. Later.

But right. Now what we need to understand is if you want to get into a state that is harmonious to manifesting you need to start with body feelings now the two fastest ways to change your body feelings is to change your posture and to change your breathing okay. In our in our systems we actually devote in almost two days in some cases to just this aspect because it is the real jedi skill when you can do this eighty percent of your manifestation is done okay. But most of us don't we don't understand the system we don't understand the dynamics and.

So sometimes we get what we want sometimes we don't. But the fastest way to change your posture or change your your feelings is by changing your posture and your breathing your physiology literally controls your psychology okay. Are you guys with me. So far i want to make sure i'm not going too fast.

But i want to get i want to get you through the process as quickly as i can. So we can move into some other things okay. So we're going to start with state control. First right.

And we're going to use a process we known as color breathing. So i want everybody to just stop for a moment and actually i want you guys to if you can if it's safe to do it i want you to go ahead and stand up if you can do that okay. Go ahead and stand up i want you to close your eyes. And i want you to do something with your mind for me i want you to think about a time i'll give you a choice you pick which one you want the time when you were absolutely victorious a time when you saw something you wanted and on a scale of 0 to 10 it was like a lust factor of 27. and you decided in that moment you were going to do whatever it takes you're going to get whatever you needed to get or take whatever steps you needed to take to achieve this goal right.

And you put that plan into operation no. Matter what happened you worked that plan and you nailed it boom home run touchdown win all the way around i want you to remember that moment of victory that moment of achievement of being an absolute winner and most importantly i want you to remember what you were seeing in that moment what were you hearing what were you smelling what were you tasting and when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful absolutely amazing feeling that you get that lets you know you're a complete winner and i'd like you to notice something i want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment i want you to breathe the way you were breathing i'd like you to become aware there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow and where they spread from take a moment and point to where you feel it that's perfect as you point now if you don't find one pretend you can and just do that point to where you feel close your eyes. Look. At that spot with your inner eyes.

Notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color colors might that be for you. First impression now you don't need to type this in the chat just know what it is for you when you've got those colors i want you to imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of triumph of victory of wilderness a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all defeats all lost real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire beam let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can you turn it off or take it away not even you and when you know you've got it you've got it locked in you're certain of it test it try to turn it off try to make it go away and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied type what you notice when you try to turn that off wouldn't turn off feels powerful oh how about that you think this might be it gets bigger it laughs at me i started to dance a little bit very good can't turn it off well doesn't that suck you mean you're stuck feeling good now well right. Can't stop smiling perfect you think this might be a better state to do a lot of attraction working think you might be a little bit more conductive to the universe right. Now for things that make you winners heck yeah right. All right.

Now some of you and again it was the majority. But this happens every now and. Then you have something unexpected come up that's okay. In part three of the webinar we're going to show you how to clear that up right.

Felt. So happy and scared at the same time that's perfectly okay. You're working with aspects of your system that are largely left on autopilot okay. There is nothing in you that you haven't already beaten even if you don't realize it the very fact that you're on this webinar and you all and everybody who is this is relevant to you know who i'm talking to there's nothing inside of you you are not broken there is nothing inside of you that you haven't already beaten there's just a part of you that doesn't realize it yet okay.

Every single thing you are the way you are not because of the things that happened to you you're the way you are because of the way you've recorded the things that happened to you and the way you've been relating to those recordings. But that's into their class for another day or part three of tonight's webinar we'll show you how to clear that up some of you may have noticed that when you started bringing up these amazing feelings you had these little icky net these naggy little icky feelings in the background right. Okay. Remember where they were because in part three we're going to show you how to get rid of them okay.

So let's let's that looks. So magical my lower half keeps just it's this it's a screensaver i'm afraid to kind of move closer because i don't know if my head will disappear um all right. So the. First thing that has to happen is we got to control our state now what i gave you is what we call it's the.

First level of seven degrees of personal transformation we call color breathing and holographic regression or holographic memory theory you'll learn about those. Later right. Now what's important is that you all felt good yes. Or no.

Was that helpful okay. This is the beginning this is as powerful as this was this is the baby stuff okay. Now one of the things that we that often screws us up and since we're you know since some of you uh started to experience this right. Away is this idea that when we apply the law of attraction we we bring things into our life that are in harmony with our dominant thoughts right.

And that's fine the problem is is that what we think our dominant thoughts are aren't okay. And i'll reference this really really quickly you bring up that time when you were by the way if you couldn't come up with a time when you felt like a winner remember a time you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling all-encompassing pleasure ever and that could be anything biting into a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie your. First romantic experience uh your child's birthday your birthday you know whatever i don't care what it was as long as it's amazing pleasure as long as it's powerful pleasure or or um victory or joy it's going to be a higher vibration that you can work with okay. Now one of the things i'm going to teach you really really quickly is something it really worked yes.

It did right. How about that right. How many were surprised that it actually worked anybody a lot of people like oh no. I've been around david forever i know this right.

Okay. Okay. So here's the. Next drill yeah i'm going to teach you about these naggy feelings again we're going to cover it much more in depth in part 3 of the webinar.

But here's the. Next thing that we need to talk about dominant thoughts the pleasure feeling is what we try to consciously focus on. But in the background there's always these sometimes these naggy icky feelings okay. So alyssa and i know ivy was having some trouble too if victory was not very accessible that's fine.

But i guarantee you at some level it's at some point in your life you felt pleasure right. I don't need to know what it is i'm not the pleasure police use that on with this process it'll work just as well or better many times okay. Clinically by the way when i work with trauma patients or things like that a lot of times when my my patients come in and they're coming from a lifetime of child abuse or domestic abuse or or they've been in the foster system for a while you ask them remember a time when they felt felt safe they can't do it they've never had that experience. So they don't know what that's like.

So instead i go with pleasure because we can always access some degree of pleasure and that's an even higher stake many times than safety and. So we can actually use that to dissolve a lot of crap from our system again we'll cover that in part three of the webinar right. But now what i want us to do is i want us to learn how to do affirmations differently okay. So one of the things that happens how many of you notice that when you start to do affirmations you gotta you gotta say it a lot before it actually before it actually works true or not true what if we could get a 10x effect in our system with maybe five to ten repetitions and that would be it would that be useful okay.

So here's the. Next technique and to do this one we're going to talk about something that is vitally important for any student of the law of attraction any coach or therapist or mentor people who do any kind of counseling if you're in sales or marketing three to five yes. If you're in sales or marketing this is going to be absolutely critical if you're in any if you're any type of influence professional in other words where you have to get people to want to do the things you want them to do ethically and honestly this is going to be one of the most important lessons you ever get for some of you it will be review if you're coming from a neuro-linguistic background you're going to learn something you learned previously from a completely different angle now in our world we have beliefs and belief systems okay. And those beliefs are hierarchical in nature the higher up that hierarchy you go the more control that belief has over all the levels below it.

So let me just show you really quick on my screen what that might look. Like um don't mind me i'm just i'm not always sure where i put my stuff hold on a. Second as you can see there's a lot here you know it's right. Here okay.

So some of you have been who've been around nlp may have seen this this particular diagram from time to time as you can see it's right. Below the identity by design silo. So your beliefs have a hierarchy to them at the highest level is what we call spirituality and purpose and we have classes designed for this directly below that is your identity level directly below that is your beliefs and values and. Then what you think you're capable of what your behaviors should be in a situation and.

Then your environment. So this is a top down hierarchy the higher up the pyramid you go the more control you exert on the levels below it. So in every human being we have a phenomenon known as the emotional bonding checklist depending on what class we're teaching you'll also hear referred to as the emotional motivation checklist okay. So this is really really important because every single one of us man woman child maybe even martian for all i know works off this hierarchical structure to their beliefs now rather than explain it to you i want you to experience the power of tapping into what's at the top of the pyramid the identity and belief values and spirituality level would that be okay.

To have that experience go ahead and type it in the chat if that's okay. Okay. So here's what i want you to do to do this we're going to reference we're going to do a drill together this is called the emotional motivation checklist you find it really quick okay. Here we go i'm going to share my screen again i'm going to be bouncing back and forth between the screen and and you.

So i want you guys to be able to see me. But at the same time i want you to be able to uh do this drill. So this is called the emotional motivation checklist and this is a way of dialoguing with your own neurology to figure out what's going to give you the path of least resistance towards a positive state change as well as what what reasons your your nervous system has for allowing you to manifest these things. So let's talk about this for a moment this is we're going to go through this this little process together in a minute.

But i want to explain this to you and we're going to do something that's very very personal. So again i want you to stop for a moment and i want you to think about what you absolutely most dearly want in some aspect of your life maybe in fact what was your big reason for for for learning the techniques today what is it you want to be able to do right. I want you to just close your eyes. For a moment again if you're not if you're driving don't do this.

But i want you to close your eyes. For the moment and i want you to just think about what it is you really really want as a byproduct of this law of attraction class what is it you really want as a byproduct of doing these drills and skills what is it you want as a byproduct of uh learning to become a master of manifestation that motivated you to click on this webinar and stay with me today what was i want you to just go ahead and write that down on a piece of paper in front of you i want you just whatever pops up into your head i want you to write it down and i want you to look. At it and when you've done that type done in the chat perfect dana's really on top of this good perfect now let me go back to my screen. So.

First thing i want you to notice is when you wrote it down look. At it say it out loud once or twice and notice what happens to the feelings in your body what happened to the feelings in your body when you just looked at that and read it out loud just once or twice not we're gonna do the whole drill together. But i want you to just tell me what happened felt warmer wave of power perfect we're just getting started we're just getting started okay. So i'm going to go back to my screen and i'm going to walk you through this drill now.

Next to what that answer that you wrote down i want you to just put a little line and i want you to write this question what is important about that what is important about the answer you just gave and i want you to answer that question beneath the what's important question i want you just write the. First thing that pops up into your head the exact words write down exactly what's important about that when you've done that go ahead and type done in the chat done perfect now take that answer write it on a. Second line draw a line draw a little dash write the same question what's important about that. So let me show you what this looks like.

So we ask our. First question whatever that is we get our answer and. Then we draw some lines we ask the question what is important i'm sorry about that right. We take that answer we write it on a.

Second line we draw a line out what's important about that when you write down the. First thing that pops up put that on the. Third line. So this will be your.

Third answer right. What's important about that okay. So you have what you came onto the webinar for you and you asked what was important about that that became your. Second answer you asked what was important about that that became your.

Third answer and. Then. Finally you asked what was important about that now for most humans three levels is about as far as we need to go sometimes we go further sometimes we don't. But that's the process now if you followed instructions you should have three answers to three questions what i want you to do now is i just and they should be exact words that came up if you've done it the way i've explained it type i did that in the chat perfect now here's where it gets cool as you think about all the reasons you you logged into this webinar what you want to be able to do with it what you want to get for it as you think about all three of those answers i want you to stand up and uh let's see if i can find paper.

So i can model this we'll just use this napkin here i want you to stand up now if you're driving don't do this okay. If you're driving don't do this i want you to look. At your answers once you look. At your answers i want you to read them in your mind two or three times and.

Then what i want you to do take a breath i want you to speak them out loud five times just go from question one or answer one to answer three five times in a row. So. So you should have totally said 15 things just do it just just go ahead just read them out loud into the room i don't need to hear it and when you're done type done in the chat that was quick lisa holy cow done okay. Perfect okay.

Now what happened to the feelings in your body after the fifth read by by the end of the fifth reading what did you know typing what happened you exploded vibration got strong stronger stronger you think this is a better way to manifest stuff how much more achievable now are the things you want than they were 35 40 seconds ago what happened more right. Now this is this is the minority. But it happens from time to time how many of you noticed that as you were bringing that up those amazing feelings you might have noticed that like kind of sort of in the background was this little nagging icky kind of a crap feeling right. Those were the thoughts you don't know about those are actually your dominant thoughts you see one of the problems that we have when we're doing affirmations is nobody explains to us what the body's role in all this is remember your autonomic nervous system the part of you that keeps every other system running doesn't speak english it doesn't speak any verbal language that we consciously understand it works in the language of sensation primarily kinesthetics which is how we navigate the vibrational universe.

So when you when you try to do affirmations without this understanding what most people try to do and correct me if this if you know or tell let me know if this is your experience when you try and do affirmations the old-fashioned way right. You're writing it down over and over and over again by the way you only said it five times right. And look. What happened to your body and we didn't even do it the way i'm going to show you yet i wanted you to tap into your own belief structures right.

But what happens is we try to you know you know we'll we'll do an affirmation with something that we want right. And. Then that nagging feeling will come up in the background. But there'll be this really strong positive feeling and we just you know what i'm just going to focus on the positive feeling and that seems to make sense right.

If we focus on the positive we'll tend to get it more the problem is is that the minute you stop consciously doing that that nagging feeling goes back into operation because that naggy feeling in the background is your dominant thought it's the belief or the or the life experience or the recording you've made that's been holding you back and the reason it feels distant isn't because it's weak it's because it's deep it's locked in your system right. And the only time you notice it is when you try to do something that provokes it right. Does that make sense are you guys are you guys with me. So far the problem is once again is we don't fix we don't fix the naggy feeling we just keep trying to pump up the power of the positive one and hope that it works.

So how if you've never heard this you're about to hear it i've looked at people as moving every human being as moving through the world with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back and it's the and it's the difference between the thrust of the engine and the drag from the anchor that determines how far they get how fast now most people move through the world trying to put more thrust in the engine. But if you've ever tried to pull something that's dragging on the ground the harder you go the faster you go the more pull or drag you get true not true right. If all you did was chop the anchor you take off like a rocket you guys with me. So far part three of this webinar will all about all about cutting the anchor okay.

But. First i want to give you some tools to supercharge and blow away resistance to the things you want would that be okay. I want to teach you how to actually put more thrust in the engine that simultaneously eliminates blocks and to do that i need to explain something to you there's i don't know when i ask you what's important about why you're on this webinar right. I didn't ask you why you wanted it remember that they didn't ask you why because it doesn't matter and this is a big one because when we do this.

Next piece your brain your rational lying brain might try to paint an altruistic good samaritan socially acceptable reason for why you want the things you want instead of the real reason does that make sense here's the thing you need to understand when you're eliminating resistance the most powerful reason a person has for doing the thing they just said they didn't want to do is the reason they come up with now again we in a couple weeks we're going to be doing a secrets of human influence webinar we'll talk about resistance removal. But what i want you to understand now is that if you can get your own nervous system to generate a primal spontaneous reason for doing something it will bypass any other resistance from any other reason you generate that that sounds weird. But a lot of times some of the most powerful reasons we have are the most selfish ones and it's okay. To be selfish with this i'm just giving you that caveat right.

Up front. So here's what we're gonna do by the way was the. Last couple exercises powerful okay. So i want you to take your answers to the questions we just asked and i want you to do this this is called this in our system there's several levels to this we're only going to be able with the time we have we're only going to be able to cover the.

First level. So we'll you know in in future trainings um in our home in the program i'm going to talk about very shortly we'll cover all the other levels to it. But this is the. First level of it.

But i want you to experience the power of this okay. So i want you to get a piece of paper when you get out a piece of paper and i'm going to i'm going to kind of write it out for you because i think it's easier to see let me make this a little bigger. So i deserve. First answer because fill in the blank.

So let me let me let me explain this to you. So you got your. First your. First answer here right.

You're going to say i deserve let's say we're um we're trying to manifest money right. I deserve 100 dollars in the bank because i work hard right. Whatever whatever comes up is what you write. So again.

First thing that comes up right. That's what you put here let me erase that really quick. So i deserve x because right. Now again you fill in your answer i want you to do that again i deserve fill in your answer because and.

Then fill in your. Next answer right. I want you to do that for each of your answers that you've written here and when you've done that go ahead and type done in the chat okay. Perfect now just like we did before i want you to stand up i want you to put your your your answers in your hand scan your body notice the how you feel right.

Now and each of those i want you to read each one five times i deserve x because fill in the blank i deserve x because fill in the blank i deserve x because fill in the blank say them out each one out loud five times and notice what happens in your body right. Cool what'd you notice some of you're still doing it it's okay. Take your time with it feels part of you very good consuelo bubbly are you on is your system why are you are you height are highly more energized vibrationally higher than you were 35 seconds ago grounded like i said yes. You're on fire now your neurology is primed why because you tapped into your personal conscious and unconscious beliefs and because of the structure of the way that particular affirmation was created your neurology created a way to do it without resistance feels weird okay.

It's fine everybody's again if you weren't doing anything you wouldn't feel any different right. Feels more attainable yes. And this is why we call them information because when people generate their own rationale if i stay i no. Resistance easy flow there it is the moment your neurology that spontaneous because whatever comes up remember there are six dynamics to an unconscious response right.

First one is unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up what comes up is almost never loud and it's almost never linear when you give yourself when you create a yin formation or an affirmation with this structure your neurology automatically generates the belief system that would allow it to become true for you in other words instead of you know coming up with a societal reason or a you know a religious reason or whatever your neurology will just reach into its most primal level that has the strongest motivating harmonious connection to why that will allow you to generate that and it'll link it together does that make sense well it doesn't have to make sense you just experienced it right. True not true would you like to take it to another level all right. Close your eyes.

Actually do this again read your affirmations out loud again five times each as you do that notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow and where they spread from go ahead and point to where you feel that now close your eyes. Look. At it with your inner eye notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color or colors would that be for you. First impression now imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with every breath you take into every beat of your heart that amazing ball of transformation and manifestation begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of magical manifestation and transformation a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all loss all derivations real or imaginable at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply when you know you've got that breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in my friends.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you know you've got that test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead and when you're done when you're satisfied type your experience in the chat started swaying and smiling very cool all right. Strong empowering feeling you guys ready to go the.

Next level okay. So like i said we're at the top of the hour i've taken you as far as i can with the foundations of these things with your permission i'd like to show you a package we've put together that will take that these skills are drawn from we'll show you the whole complete program we'll show you how to get involved in that if that's something you want to do it only takes 30 40 minutes or. So and when we come back for part three we'll show you how to get rid of those icky naggy feelings would that be cool with your permission can i show you what i've put together for you okay. With your permission let me go back to my screen here i'd like to talk to you about where all these course where all these techniques and principles are drawn from and this is our hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery magnetic mind control training home study course this is of course actually a series of courses i put together into a package that is designed to absolutely teach you how to control your mind and body to become a master of vibrational manifestation whether it's for wealth health success happiness it doesn't really matter this is how your neurology really works how you can tap into the magic of your very own neurology.

So let's look. At what we've got for you. First of all there's. So much to this ultimate manifestation past mastery home study course it's all about helping take your life to the.

Next level. So if you want to make more money you'll figure out how to do that if you want to get more dates we'll show you how to do that if you want to help more people this is the most powerful rapid way to do that at a scale if you want to be more confident and powerful and charming and charismatic and irresistible if you would like to literally program the universe to give you everything you want by helping other people get what they want this is a course that will absolutely take you to the. Next level again you don't have to believe me you've experienced just what a tiny piece of these things can do for you okay. So here's what i put together for this offer is good until june 8th 2022 at 11 59 pm okay.

So we're going to teach you in the ultimate manifestation mastery home study course how to systematically unlock the power of your subconscious mind to quickly manifest anything that you desire and we're going to in the process of that we're going to show you how to find and remove the blocks to your health wealth success and happiness you didn't even know you had we're going to show you how to become an absolute money magnet to instantly and effortlessly influence people in person and remotely how to find and remove the hidden negativities that are blocking you from moving forward there's a simple way to do it you'll learn how to do it and once you do it there is nothing that you can't get around there's nothing you can't beat or overcome and you can use that to clear up the issues that just don't seem to go away if you've ever done something and. Then six days. Later it's come back or an hour. Later it's come back or the same people you keep dating the same person with a different face in your life these are all symptomatic of vibrational blockages that are looking for ways to be resolved we'll show you the shortcuts for doing that right.

This is the fastest way to get through your in the shortest amount of time possible we showed you level one of the information method we showed you how it links to your belief system and how the simple structure of level one informations can cause you to become super magnetized and vibrationally harmonized with the things you want if you move through the world with just this ability people would just start throwing things would just start coming into your life a lot of times people just throw stuff at you in a good way right. We'll show you how to delete the negativity and vibrational imprints from your past to install traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people there's about five to six psycho-emotional traits behavioral traits that all lucky people have we're going to show you what they are how they manifest and how to install and amplify them in your life. So that your automatic luck quotient the amount of luck you generate in your in your mind and your body in your world grows exponentially we're going to teach you the most powerful engine of transformation i have ever come across even more powerful than color breathing in many cases for manifestations and pretty much everything else it's called image cycling and i i firmly believe that this is an absolute game changer when it comes to tapping into the powers of the universe to get whatever you want everything from healing terminal cancer to manifesting things that you just don't qualify for it's again i have all kinds of stories you can go to my youtube channel and look. Up funny law of attraction stories and you'll you're gonna be telling three or four of the most amazing things as a byproduct of this image cycling class right.

Total value is 1 497. actually it's more than that. But we're going to give you we've got more stuff for you if you grab this course today we're going to include these amazing super free exclusive bonuses as a way to round out and flesh out your manifestation and law of attraction programming okay. So the. First thing we're going to give you is one of our flagship courses this is vibrational influence united kingdom this is a this was a normally our vibrational influence classes are three days this was a special five-day deep dive into the hidden laws of attraction and the the magical universe that we did in the united kingdom uh and it's going to teach you how to systematically lock the secret powers of your subconscious and higher conscious mind to gain control of your mind and body to unlock your unlimited potential tap into your psychic abilities and be able to manifest phenomena how to harness the forces of the universe to do your bidding people at this class were able after just a little bit of training to make themselves heavier or lighter to uh to dowse effectively to do a lot of really interesting vibrational and energy healing modalities to heal themselves and others to clear your chakras and master your own energy fields and to manifest anything you want and increase your psychic skills and much much more this class again we went deep dive it has two full days of extra bonus material that will completely transform your life if you like even a little bit of what we've covered.

So far this will take it beyond what it's in the realm of jedi school really. So it's a fifteen it's a one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free why because we want you to succeed we want to reward people who take action there are two way there are two absolutely important ingredients to success in life one is the identity that you move through the world in what do you believe you deserve what do you believe you're capable of what do you believe your behavior should be right. Your identity is critical and that's what we cover in the vibrational alchemy silo. But there's another piece and that's action for everything you do in the metaphysical universe if you don't take an action if you don't you know invest in yourself physically or in the actions needed to to manifest things to give your the energy you've created a vessel to reside in you can talk about this in our class right.

It won't manifest you have to have those two things you have to have an identity that supports the person you want to be and you have to take physical actions in this world that ground that energy and pull it into this plane with you we call it the law of externalization okay. We want to reward you for taking action we want to give you the information. So there's no. Secrets that you don't have access to total value.

So far is three thousand ninety four dollars. But we're not going to stop there if you drive your course now we're going to actually include some of the most powerful vibrational healing information i've ever taught like i said before i have more energy healing credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers i have a doctorate in acupuncture and oriental medicine i've been a certified reiki healer forever chronic healing chronic psychotherapy dna bankston and i've put it all together with the hermetic principles that make them all work into a special drill down on healing techniques and healing modalities um come on let me just make this a little bit bigger. So you can see it in this course we're going to systematically teach you how to unlock the powers of your sun conscious mind to find and remove the energy of the blocks to your health and wealth and happiness that you didn't know you had how to become a master of energy healing both in person and remotely how to find and remove the hidden energy and negative blockages that are behind the diseases people are manifesting how to clear up the issues that just don't seem to go away powerful new energy control methods for programming your mind and your body to to generate healing energies that you can use with yourself and other people both in person and remotely you'll learn the structure and the mechanics of your energy bodies to empower your healing and manifestation skills to re for maximum results in minimum time you'll remove the negativity from your past the energetic and vibrational self-defense secrets that will keep you other people's energies from infecting you wherever you go one of the biggest things that happens a lot with my students they come in and maybe maybe this is you too maybe you know you're. So empathic you go into a room full of people before you know it you've got their stuff and you don't think you don't realize it's their stuff and you're at the mercy of the energies that they're throwing at you we're going to show you how to turn that off like a switch how to create shields and vibrations and cleanse that crap from your mind and body in a very fast very safe very effective way.

So no. Matter where you go no. Matter what you do you can protect yourself and do the healing work that's important to you for yourself or others without fear of infection vibrationally or likewise okay. We'll teach you uh to discover the most powerful engines of personal transformation and manifestation ever once again a review of the image cycling and the information technologies and a whole lot more total value for this is 1997 we're going to give it to you free again because we want you we want no.

Stone unturned we want every base to be covered for you right. It's a 5 000 91 value we're also going to include the secrets of personality transformation home study course remember that little seven stage process that i showed you about this is where you learned the entire seven stages that we talked about and that we touched on how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind and reprogram it at will how to customize your sense of identity and belief system. So that it builds you up to be the person you want to be instead of the person society culture family religion whatever programmed you to be right. You'll learn how to find and remove the blocks that are keeping you the same how to remove those limiting beliefs you'll find or remove the hidden negativity that other people installed in you that you didn't even know you had how to clear issues that just will not seem to go away this can be behavioral it can be in your belief system belief systems doesn't really matter where it is we'll show you how to find it and how to remove it in a testable consistent way we'll change that crappy voice inside your head you know the one i'm talking about the one that just said what voice the one that tears you apart and tells you why you can't have things why you don't deserve things we're going to show you how to transform that voice into a voice that builds you up motivates you inspires you gives you the very best advice and tells you all the reasons why you actually do deserve it this one technique has caused more emotional transformation in the shortest amount of time than any of probably any of the other seven uh levels it's it's amazing um the power of this one technique.

But when you take it in in combination with the rest of the system it's it's it's a complete life changer uh we'll show you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics that people that you really want. So like i said if you if the earlier class we talked about installing uh the traits of lucky people. But what if there was somebody who was a great tennis player or a great physician or a great mediator or negotiator or salesman what would it be like to have the ability to just take those traits and qualities and attributes and literally graft them into your own nervous system. So they become an active behavioral functional way of moving through the world amplifying your skills we're going to show you step by step how that works how you do it and when you're trained properly you can do the entire seven stage process in as little as seven and a half minutes okay.

It's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value it's yours free if you register before the end of the webinar. So the total value everything we've talked about. So far the hidden laws of attraction home study course vibrational influence uk vibrational healing and of course secrets of personality transformation total value seven thousand five hundred and eighty eight dollars if you were to go to our website and try to buy them individually that's what you'd be looking at paying actually more because our prices are actually going up uh and. Finally we're going to give you a very special class this was originally an invitation only master class and this is about applying everything we've talked about.

So far to finding your soulmate this is called the hidden laws of attraction soulmate secrets masterclass how to find identify and attract the love of your life and actually keep them i have personally seen people within days of uh of taking this class literally find someone that they are still with and are absolutely thrilled about uh let me see if i can find the the secrets behind this. So in this seven day or in this in this video course you'll discover the surprising ways that chemistry and your body contribute to infatuation you'll learn how to overcome the soulmate myths and misconceptions that most people operate by how to eliminate negative relationship programming from your childhood how to prepare yourself for communication how to learn techniques to move you from infatuation to love this is one of the biggest hang-ups that we all have in finding the right. Person we're going to show you how to accept change in a relationship. So that it becomes a positive thing instead of something you have to dread how to determine what you need in a relationship and communicate that in a way that your partner gets it and is willing to do it this is a big deal how to identify the obstacles in your relationship and conquer them we're going to teach you strategies for keeping that spark alive if you've been you know it doesn't matter if you've been with your partner 20 minutes 20 days 20 months or 20 years every now and.

Then there's a cooling off that people go through we're going to show you how to recapture and restart that spark and. So much more okay. You'll also discover uh hold on a. Second here uh you'll also discover why you're attracted to certain types of people many times that very.

First formative experience that creates the template for the people we're attracted to happen between the ages of zero and five believe it or not you'll identify family patterns which contribute to your relationship stuff you'll discover the qualities you must have in a partner to be happy thrilled fulfilled and satisfied. But often not what you think you'll learn the basic communication patterns and the ways to demonstrate your love in the way that your partner accepts it and reciprocates it you'll discover the difference between sex sexuality sensuality and the role each one plays you'll learn to identify potential relationship challenges and how to handle them once and for all and that's just a small part of what's in this class it's a 1950 value we're going to give it to you free because over 50 percent of the time when i ask people what they want is to find that one perfect person that soul mate right. Total combined value is 9 538 let's just review. So for those of you who really want to take your life to the.

Next level who want to bring in more wealth more money more love more happiness more health and success this is the program that absolutely will knock it out of the park for you don't take my word for it do the drills experience the results and. Then decide if it's something that's worthwhile to keep or not hidden laws of attraction one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value free free to you we're gonna give you the vibrational influence uk special edition it's a 1597 value we're going to give this to you free we're going to give you vibrational healing 1997 value absolutely free secrets of personality transformation home study course 2497 value we're going to give it to you free and. Then. Finally the cherry on the sunday the icing on the cake hidden laws of attraction soulmate secrets master class and all the notes that go with it 1 950 value total value for this program is nine thousand five hundred and thirty eight dollars.

But for you today only i want you to take action i want this to be something that you can grab a hold of take it out into the world and write your own ticket and i want you to say david snyder delivered everything he promised and more. So for today i want to give you the best deal humanly possible i want you to write the script for your life and have it be even better as a result of what you got here today. So you're not going to have to pay 9538 i'm not even going to charge you 7347 nope i'm not even going to charge you 500 or 5 547 not 33.47 1000 347. now we can do better for those of you who want to get started there's been no. There's no.

Excuse now i want you can get it all for one low one-time investment today of just 9.97 that's all everything i talked about all the think of the potential think about what you experienced in just a few moments of applying technique the right. Way imagine what you can do with the entire system for just one low installment of 997 you can have it all plus a whole lot more. But for those of you who may need a little help that's okay. You can break that up into three easy installments of just 397. stephanie will work it out with you and each month you just pay the 399 invest the 397 you start accessing the material and start generating massive returns on your investment okay.

So to get started now all you got to do is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com that's www.davidsnydernlp.com the link should be appearing in the chat there if it hasn't if it isn't already right. Perfect i see the links you guys are golden now i get some of you might be going okay. Well how do i know this will work well did everything i just showed you work right. Start with what you know okay.

But for those of you who want to be convinced okay. After you get the course you have 60 days to put that course into operation if after 60 days you're not making more money attracting the love you want becoming more successful manifesting the life of your dreams being more secure and confident able to win social encounters and you know if you know and you're still feeling helpless if you're not satisfied i will refund every single dime you invested in this course. But i know you won't refund it you know how i know that because this works guys i've used it to write my life story i'm still using it today and i want you to have it we live in an abundant universe we live in a world where if you have your mind right. And you take the right.

Actions mr rasmussen says david you saved my career the echo technique is real thank you rasmus right. We live in an abundant universe. But we have a society we have public relations people we have governments all trying to convince us that we're not enough that we don't have that there's scarcity in this universe not if you know how the game works not if you know how the universe works you can become the person who deserves to have everything you want you have 60 days to play if at the end of 60 days you're not on the fast track to becoming the person you want to be to having the life you want let us know and we'll give you that refund it doesn't work for you we don't want you we don't want the investment we want you to use it for something that actually works for you now i ask you to be ethical about this right. If you're making money hand over fist don't ask for a refund right.

Pay it forward help other people become more successful and healthy okay. All you got to do is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash h l o a one more time with feeling www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa if you have any questions at all you can reach my administrative goddess stephanie skiba at stephanie nlp power or you can call her directly at 858-282-4663 now i will i will jump in and say really quick right. Here. First of all you've got nothing to risk.

So give her a call at this time people rush to the phones and her phone just blows up if you get her voicemail it's absolutely critical that you leave your contact information leave your name email and phone number if you leave your contact information you will qualify for the package you will qualify for the bonuses if you don't leave your contact information and you call back tomorrow trying to get this deal it will not be available okay. So again do your do your due diligence stephanie will spend as much time as she needs to to get your questions and get you set up on your payment plans make sure you have access to your your material it's available for immediate download once you're you're you're pros you're done processing you have nothing to lose go to click now go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hidden laws of attraction and get started on the fast track to manifesting everything you want now remember i said the world goes to people who take action if this wasn't an amazing enough offer if and only if you grab your course now before june 8th 11 59 p.m and actually before i log off this webinar if you grab your course right. Now you go to www.davidsmendernlp.com right. Now and raise your hand and say hey i want this i'm going to include the following amazing fast action bonuses just to say thank you for taking action in your life for no.

Longer being at effect in your life for being a cause maker and for being the person who's in control. Finally i'm going to reward you for doing that i'm going to give you a three-month trial membership to our nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group and access to our 11 year video archive these are videos that have been done every single month for the. Last 11 years covers everything from the law of attraction to how to resolve trauma how to overcome chronic pain how to find and attract your ideal lovers and mates how to learn faster improve your memory do magical cool stuff martial arts self-defense you name it we covered it. So let me explain really really quickly what the nlp power mastermind mentoring program actually is.

So here's how it works one of the things that you'll find out at the longer you spend in planet david that it's not about what you learn it's what you do and. So one of the things we discovered that makes all the difference between somebody who just buys a course and still has the same life and someone who buys a course and actually gets what they want is action. So we created in october of 2010 the. First hands-on nlp power practice uh mastermind mentoring session what the way it works is on the.

Third saturday of every month you you come into my my facility or you log in via zoom or facebook. And i literally go around the room and i say raz moon what do you want to learn deirdre what do you want to learn ivy what do you want to learn alexa what do you want to learn liz what do you want to learn jason what do you will learn joe what do you want to learn josh what do you want to learn brian what do you want to learn right. And i write on the board everything you want to know about the sticking points that you have and i step back and i look. At it and i look.

At where they all kind of connect and intersect and i create a lesson plan right. On the spot and for the. Next four hours or more usually i drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep you get to log in and rub shoulders work hand in hand with people from all over the world who are interested in the same exact things that you're interested in and you get the one thing that no. Home study course can do without help hands-on training and real world feedback from people who are doing it and from people who are teaching it you get personal time in that group with me on the.

Third saturday of every single month try it for 90 days if you're not happy with it well you got three days 90 days of me and cool hanging out with cool people who like to do cool stuff if you like it stay and we'll show you how to do that. But give it a shot. But during the 90 days you have unlimited access to an 11-year archive of video hundreds of hours of footage that has never been shown on youtube never been featured in a product completely off you know unscripted with the drills the skills the explanations the demonstrations uh if you need a translator we might be able to find somebody who can translate it for you. But right.

Now we don't offer translation google translate might be your friend for this though i think there is a setting where you can actually listen and it will translate you might have to play start and stop stop and go a little bit. But i know my my uh my cousin-in-law on my wife's side speaks no. English and he buys and sells houses with people who don't speak chinese through google translate. So it's it's a really if you if you have that issue it doesn't come up that often.

But if you have issue google translate is probably a really good way to take the the content and actually uh change for it. So. Anyway that's what the nlpr mastermind mentoring program is we've got another one coming up on the 18th as a matter of fact. So for those of you who grab and grab your package today you can log right.

In and i'm going to ask you what do you want to know about what do you want to learn i'm going to write it on the board and. Then for the. Next four and a half to five hours we're going to drill we're going to do skills until you can do them in your sleep you won't get a certificate from the mastermind program what you will get is the one thing that transcends everything and that's a skill set you get your sticking points resolved and you'll go out into the world to apply your skills in real time with real people and get real world results because that's what we're about no. Right.

The techniques you need and all the you don't if you're really serious about it jump in now because this will change your life for those of you who've been in the mastermind those of you who have been maybe you came to came to us through one of these webinar packages post in the groups let these people know who are first-timers what this mastermind program has done for you because you expect me to say it's awesome listen to these people okay. Well i go back to my explanations okay. Because we're not going to stop with just the mastermind. But if you combine the mastermind with everything we've talked about it's a total combined value of eleven thousand one hundred and thirty five dollars.

But we're not going to stop with just one fast action bonus we've actually got another one for you this is a four day deep dive attraction mastery dating mating relating home study course one of the things that we have found over and over and over again with people especially graduates from the soul mates people who've attended the soulmate secrets course one of the things we discovered was they have this idea of attracting they want to they want to draw people into their world. But they don't have the physical mental or verbal skills the psychological skills to find the people and attract them in a way that's useful. So we've put together this four day video course that will design to teach men and women how to be the perfect mate or the perfect attraction mechanism or person for them this is going to allow you to systematically control your state how to figure out how to interpret the body language of a man or woman we're going to teach you the seven stages uh that people go through from complete stranger to wanting to become very very intimate we're going to teach you that the drawbacks that women have when it comes to being approached the drawbacks that men have when it comes to approaching how to ethically and honestly create powerful fulfilling relationships and generate attraction in people. So that you can just write your own ticket in your romantic world now again i don't pass judgment on these skills these are i only when i teach attraction skills i only teach co-ed classes i do not do classes just for men i do not do classes just for women why because you have to understand the other side you have to understand how one gender perceives the behaviors and the approaches that the other gender is creating and it's it's a little fun for me to watch the look.

Of amazement on their face when people realize that they've been treating men like they treat their girlfriends and the guys have been treating their women like they've been treating their guy friends and they're different you both want the same thing and you need to be in the room together to explore this and really get your your true questions answered and get the hands-on that you need. So that you can walk up to somebody and create a relationship from perfect stranger to being married in all points in between okay. This is a great class it's based on my original award-winning killer influence training program and it's designed to bridge that gap between uh what you need to know and what you actually do know and what you can apply it's a one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value it's the perfect complement to the soulmate secrets master class uh we're gonna give it to you free if you're one of the. First several people to grab this course before i log off the fast action bonuses are very conditional they're they're available until i log off the webinar right.

Once i log off you can get the original package i talked about until 11 59 pm tonight. But these fast action bonuses they go away. So if you're on the fence you got that 60-day guarantee you've got these fast action bonuses to help make things even better for you total combined value 13 132. But you know what remember i said earlier that hands-on training is the difference that makes the difference for those of you the.

Next 17 people who register today i'm going to give you a free vip super ticket to our. Next identity by design hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification boot camp everything i talked about in the vibrational alchemy course is taught here and you will have the opportunity to be in a room with me live in las vegas august 1st through the 4th 2022 and go through this training with me personally i guarantee you will leave a very changed human being with the ability to help yourself and everyone you care about okay. This is only this tickets only available to the. Next 17 people who register today it is a 2 250 value it is yours absolutely free okay.

Now the cool thing about our vip tickets is it once you have it it's yours until you use it. So for some reason you can't make the identity by design training in las vegas in august. Next time one rolls around you just let stephanie know you call her up and she'll move you to the head of the line right. If something comes up at the.

Last minute where you can't come to las vegas you let stephanie know she'll move you to the. Next identity by design training if you can't make the identity by design training. But you have someone you think would really benefit from it someone you care about you can give that vip training to them the other thing is that the vip ticket gives you a price lock guarantee what does that mean our prices are fixed to go up in july a lot if you have one of these vip tickets you're you're comped no. Matter how much the course costs no.

Matter how many days it is if we do a five day vibration or identity by design training you get to go right. To the head of the line if it's 3 300 to walk in it doesn't matter you just show us your ticket you come right. To the head of the line okay. Because i want you to have this experience i want to work with you in a room for four days five days.

However long it takes to get these skills into you and watch you change okay. That's my goal that's that's how i get my job these guys i want to see the lights come on all right. It's a 2 250 value we're going to give it to you free if you're one of the. Next 17 people to register for this course right.

Now now if you've already registered you're one of those people you got this you didn't even know you were getting it you got it merry christmas your life is about to change in a big way a big big way total values 15 382 right. So let's just review what we've got here right. Fifteen thousand three hundred eighty two dollar value what are you getting hidden laws of attraction home study course one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value vibrational influence united kingdom special edition one thousand five hundred and ninety seven dollar value it's yours for free vibrational healing 2021 1997 value free secrets of personal transformation self mastery supercharger home study course 2497. free secrets of personal transfer um sorry hidden laws of attraction soulmate secrets masterclass sorry 1950 value it's yours free attraction mastery four day attraction skills intensive video home study course 1997 value yours absolutely free the nlp power mastermind mentoring group trial and 11-year archive 1597 value free and of course your vip ticket to identity by design live in las vegas august 1st through the 4th 2022 it's a 2 250 value all you got to do to get yours is just invest in 997 or three easy installments of 397. all you got to do is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com that's www.davidsnydernlp.com www forward slash h-l-o-a david snyder nlp.com hloa if you have any questions at all reach out to stephanie skiba at 858-282-4663 and she will get you squared away uh lady holly of bigelow is absolutely uh a godsend as well she's helping a lot of people in the back chats that's because that's what we do we help people we help you make the life you want the way you want it if you're serious about it we're serious about helping you all you got to do to get in and get started is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa okay. Hopefully i typed that right.

So what we're going to do now really really quick is i'm going to give you guys a 10 minute potty break actually no. We're going to do a we'll do an eight minute potty break. So you're going to come back at 5 46 and we're going to pick up where we left off with teaching you how to get rid of that crap that you've been carrying around would that be okay. Go ahead and finish up your uh go ahead and finish up your processing with stephanie and holly and brandon in the background there if you have questions you can reach them out at 858 282 why is that not there we go or you can call stephanie at nlp power dot com all right.

So we'll see you at 5 46 and we'll pick up where we left off talk to you soon my potty break is over. So if anybody has any questions uh i can answer them now while we're waiting go ahead and let me have it guys does anybody have any i'll let you guys go. So eric is asking how do you access emotional states you don't have any clear memory for or reference for it's very simple point to where you feel it if you're not sure where to point pretend you do and go with that there's all kinds of interesting neurological reasons why that works. But that's the shortcut laura is asking what's my favorite thing to teach and why uh it really depends you know um i love teaching the metaphysical stuff.

But i also love teaching the persuasion and influence i love teaching the healing because it keeps me grounded i tried to set up 20 minutes ago and no. Call back when can i expect a call bill did you call did you call 858 2824 and if you did did you leave a message if you left a message uh stephanie usually gets back within 20 less than 24 hours um depending on how much how many where you are in the queue um she's probably running around like a chicken with her head cut off right. Now. So it's really important that um and i'll send her a note just to make sure she follows up with you yeah that's fine yeah you did the right.

Thing reaching out to me. So good yeah this is this is the one time where we wish we had like six or seven people um on the phone lines because we get inundated. But we you know we you basically hear from you'll hear from us within 24 hours at the at the longest. So logan's asking hold on.

So some good questions coming in what is the um what is the youngest age a person should learn my material with parental supervision uh the youngest i've had i think is 13. no. I uh. Third yeah thirteen uh somebody actually brought their son to my killer influence class and he became the most dangerous 13 year old in his middle school. So as long as you as long as the parents are okay.

With the subject of the training um and they're accompanied by a parent um i think i think any age is good as long as they can focus and follow instructions i think once you get you know younger younger than 10 11 or 12 you you're looking at some some serious attentional issues um and sometimes the uh the the nature of the material isn't appropriate for a kid. But in terms of teaching them how to fix their stuff i think we should be teaching these kids as early as five how to do simple things like color breathing or magic frame and things like that because they can fix. So much of their stuff before it becomes a lifelong issue just by understanding a few basic aspects of things hold on a. Second.

So badaji is asking how do you remove toxic coping mechanisms that were developed because of toxic surroundings. First get out of the get out of the surroundings figure out what you will actually talk a little bit about that. But actually it starts with believe it or not most of our change work or manifestation work usually starts with point to where you feel it and. So the.

First thing you have to do is you have to remove the energetic reservoir or vibrational imprint that is causing the behavior to to perpetuate once you resolve that a lot of those coping mechanisms go away spontaneously because they don't need to be there anymore the other thing is you retrain the behavior. So you get out of the surroundings you resolve the emotional traumas that were generating the behaviors and. Then you retrain the behaviors. So i hope that answers your question okay.

Um we're at that times let's get back to training shall we denise says that's what one does this work with traumatic brain injury many times it does yes. And i'll tell you how i know that how many of you are familiar with my energy spinning technique okay. So i am continually amazed at what this uh how this how how this spinning technique can put a dent in just about anything one time i was in hypno. Thoughts live which i'll be at again this year and i was teaching the spinning technique and the gentleman came up to me and he says can you uh can you do anything for neuropathy and i looked at him with that expressive i don't know let's find out and turns out he had a brain injury that created some kind of a neuropathy and i think was his legs actually and we we did this spin and over the course of the.

Next two or three days the feeling started coming back into his legs the on the surface skin and stuff like that we've spun uh we've done neuropathy like three different ways now different types of neuropathy uh three ways one of which was it was a traumatic brain injury. So yeah in fact i've had several clients who came to me because of traumatic brain injuries uh and they were actually working and they started with neurofeedback and. Then they heard about our stuff and they made tremendous tremendous progress using the spinning the color breathing and all the other things that we do right. Because one of the things that one of the byproducts of of this particular approach is enhanced neuroplasticity and.

So the brain will start to generate alternative uh routes for the same information. But it can also if the resources are there it can trigger in some cases a regeneration effect right. Every case is different. So the short answer is yes.

It absolutely can will it work every time i don't know. But i have at least three cases where we have seen significant change as a byproduct of like spinning or color breathing or something like that. So i hope that answers your question yeah it i i look. At it i'll be honest with you tracy i look.

At stuff like i've been doing this i've been teaching the spinning technique and things we've derived from it now going on going on 15 16 years at least and i still every now and. Then i look. I look. At the results that this thing produces and i say that shouldn't work.

But it does you know uh and and my my students actually go out and they do stuff i've never even thought about doing i had one my one mega platinum student mandar he's his parents are visiting from india they were. So jet lagged. But they were you ever get. So tired you can't sleep he literally walked up to them said point to where you feel it took.

Out the the insomnia spun it they went to sleep like right. There boom it was insane i've had people use this on people i one time one time at band camp right. One time i was teaching a class on uh on instant trauma resolution and stuff like that and you'll learn it in the identity by design course though it's part of um if you go to instant emergency pain relief on youtube there's a little primer on that you'll learn how to do it um. But there was this one group we i was doing a meetup we're restarting our meetups by the way.

So if you like our early content where i was teaching the large groups of people we're actually getting ready to start those again. So we'll start maybe streaming those out um. But there was this one whole group of people we were in a building and apparently nobody told us that the air conditioning shuts off at at 6 00 pm and we were in there at seven and. So we got 30 people in there and they're all sweating bullets and i'm like what the hell am i going to do this is a little downlink to where you feel it they pointed they took.

Out the energy spun and everybody cooled off and i'm like what it didn't work right. So again magic inside of you i'm just going to show you i didn't put it there it's always been there i'm just going to show you how to tap into it and what you're capable of is probably well beyond what i've even played with right. Don't believe me jump in and test it for yourself right. All right.

So one of the things that um we're going to do is at the beginning of our training we talked about being playful right. We need to practice being playful we need to practice positive states remember your autonomic nervous system has a four to one negativity bias what does that mean it means that for every negative for every positive thing that you encounter it has a charge of one that makes sense for every positive thing you encounter it has a charge of one for every negative thing you encounter it has a charge of four. So your nervous system has a evolutionarily biologically programmed bias to accumulate negativity okay. So you have to actively cultivate positive states intentionally okay.

If you don't understand that ratio you're going to be spinning your wheels a lot with law of attraction right. Now it's a suck ratio i'm telling you right. Now one positive and four negatives you know one pot it sucks right. I didn't make the rule i just report them right.

That's what the science is. So here's the deal you need to call just to get balanced you need to cultivate four positives for every one negative can you see why maybe as time goes on we get a little bit denser our vibration tends to drop as time goes on because we're operating more and more from that very primal negative level now we have a society that feeds that we have a society that stimulates that negative part of you to make you feel less than to make you feel incomplete in some way now sometimes well they'll always tell you that it's for the greater good we're programming you for your own good well here's how you make that determination is the things you've been programmed with making your life better if the answer is no. Change it period right. This is one of the big things that i teach you this and i'm going to teach you this in soulmate secrets i'm going to teach you this in identity by design i'm going to teach you this in attraction mastery probably personality transformation too when you're evaluating the quality of your life and especially the people in it the.

First thing you have to ask is how is having this person in my life making my life better and if the answer is they're not move on right. Remember you have to jealously guard your vibration that means you have to consciously choose who you hang out with you have to consciously choose where you spend your time and if you can't and if the the choice of not spending time there is greater is a worse consequence than spending the time there you need to develop tools and tactics and techniques to survive and thrive in those environments and at the very least not be negatively affected if that makes any kind of sense. So that's kind of where we're going uh with part three of tonight's webinar is all right. How do we begin the process of finding the that's keeping us stuck that we didn't even know was there right.

So um. But before i get into that i want to ask you guys some questions is there anything in particular that you guys want to know about because again this is now your webinar as far as i'm concerned right. I'm going to continue to remind you about our package and let you know when your time is running out and stuff. But this is your webinar now.

So help me help you what do you guys really want to focus on you want to focus on clearing stuff up you want to focus on programming your future what do you want to know about how to do how to get rid of blocks okay. Repairing after a narcissist in life okay. Sandy how to identify my purpose okay. We have a whole class just for that by the way come on don't be bashful making money okay.

Golden path information for sure how do we clear negative feelings develop persistence okay. Somebody just joined thank you tracy welcome aboard how do we clear negative feelings when you're trying to visualize positive stuff perfect that's right. Up the alley we're going develop persistence people drained by other people okay. We can do that clearing blocks how to remove chronic pain okay.

Hey david how do i sleep better okay. Read other people well reading other people we might not have uh it's a little bit off the beaten track. But we do have classes for that uh programming the future okay. Clearing blocks all right.

Let's start with the block clearing part okay. So let me take off my stuff now remember some of these things that we're going to be doing together do involve trans processes and conscious processes a little bit some of them don't seem that way they have a very profound synergistic effect on your nervous system okay. And again you'll learn why all this works and how it all works uh in the identity by design silo you'll learn about a personality transformation um believe me there's a system in place and once you understand it making powerful profound changes from pain relief to finding the love of your life to manifesting more money and becoming the person who can it's all doable it's all doable okay. If you do the work if you don't do the work.

Then you might as well not get the course because it's just interesting information that you're not doing anything with and there's useless. So i tell my students for everything you get from me even on a free webinar you're always going to pay twice what do i mean by that. First payment's easy that gives you access to the information that's what we're doing today right. Now right.

We're getting access to the information how much information do you want right. And for people grabbing the package that that investment is the money right. But the thing about money is it's a renewable resource there's infinite amounts of it out there you can always make more money that's not that's the easy payment it's the. Second payment that really matters what is that payment time energy effort to do the drills to get the skills the.

Second payment takes you from access to ownership. So for everything you get from me even if it's free you're always going to pay twice why because you got to do it and you did if you've been if you've stayed with me this far you've had experiences you've gotten up you've done the drills and had an experience that you couldn't have had any other way right. The doors are open what are you going to do with it now right. So you'll remember when we were tapping into things we wanted to manifest right.

When we said i want x or i deserve x because we had this really amped up feeling. But for some of us there was this little background negative icky feeling true not true right. Why am i not seeing my participants here one. Second i didn't i didn't like otherwise okay.

So you guys remember i said that yes. Or you noticed that how many of you how many of you have that little ickiness feeling come up all right. So. First thing i want to cover i mentioned this earlier i want to do it again a little bit more officially okay.

You guys got some really good questions um unfortunately i'm not going to be able to get to all of them. But we will cover a lot of the processes the same process will cover a lot of different questions. So just bear with me here. So you guys remember i said everything that we're going to teach you starts with the point to where you feel it right.

So if i have an icky feeling i want to clear and get rid of. First thing i'll do is close my eyes. I'm going to become aware of where in my body that feeling is located i'm going to point to it now in fact let's do this together i want you to think of something that on a scale of on a shooting scale of zero to ten is around somewhere between a one and a three now a lot of you are going to not follow my instructions here okay. I'm going to say pick something that's on on a sheena scale of one to three you're going to pick godzilla 10 or 20 or 30 right.

Don't do that for right. Now okay. Pick something that's relatively minor okay. Because the process is going to be the same whether it's a 10 or 3.

But depending on how much how intense the problem is i can't i'm not there with you to guide you through other things that need to happen right. So i want you to pick something that's on a scale of 0 to ten is anywhere between a one and a three something you wanna change something you wanna get rid of and it can be pain physical pain it can be emotional pain it could be a limiting belief i don't really care what it is because as far as your neurology is concerned it's all just data vibrational data that it knows how to process. So once you take a moment think of that thing you want to change and it could be that icky naggy feeling that you had earlier or it could be something completely different zero to three point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel it if there were a picture floating somewhere in the space around you that represented that feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it. First impression and once you have that trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is and. Then we need to make sure we've got the right. Ones i want you to reach out grab that picture with both of your hands make it as big as the room or start to make it bigger notice what happens to the feeling does it get stronger or does it get weaker whatever it is it's fine now put it back to its original size you don't need to be typing now just follow along slowly pull that frame closer to your body notice what happened to the feeling does it get stronger does it get weaker right. Whatever it is it's fine now put it back to its original size now here's what i want you to do i want you to take this picture that you're holding i want you to put a big thick black frame around it bigger and thicker and blacker the better now most of you are probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls i want you to feel along the base of that frame and you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style touch screen or television right.

I want you to find the knob that controls the brightness of the contrast turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely and notice how that makes you feel turn them up all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide which one you like better right. Whichever one it is if you like it point it out turn it all the way to the white if you like it blacked out turn all the way to the left now i want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters on that whited out or blacked out screen there were some things and lessons that this experience that you're manipulating had to teach you i want you to write those lessons on that screen in glowing golden letters. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what those lessons were boom they put it right.

On that screen not a problem some people have no. Conscious idea what those lessons are. But your unconscious mind has a part that always knows what those lessons are. So let that unconscious part of you just start writing let it flow out of your neurology into your finger and onto that screen in an infinite in in an unstoppable stream of information just keep writing now some people just draw squiggles they don't have any freaking clue like automatic writing have no.

Idea what's going on there some people draw pictures some people get a little pissed off they write you you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously writing chinese and hebrew at the same time. However your neurology wants to express itself just let it come out and onto that screen. So you can keep all those lessons and let everything else go and just keep going some people they're done in a minute some people take them 20 minutes my wife when she does this she writes for 40 minutes straight she's writing she's writing war and peace doesn't matter just keep writing you may notice feelings and emotions come up as that writing continues put on the screen just write them on the screen as they come up they come out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it it's all dissolved and resolved from the body solved dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right. Reasons when you know it's done reach up grab that frame and all that stuff inside of it shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow art begins to move behind you back behind the horizon until it disappears completely and it disappears down below the horizon you know the sound a hammer makes when it's banging on a nail or on a nail gun is putting things into the wall feel it nailed back there for all eternity and possibly come back and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and pawns will come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead and type in what you noticed what'd you experience [Applause] robin says gratitude relief release very good renee an empty expected feeling.

Then surprise and relief boom excellent alex says it's nailed i broke my foot the pain just went to half all right. Excellent judy says wow i felt nice writing. But after seconds it does come back okay. You got some other stuff that we need to work on karen's is free beautiful real far it says release perfect rob harrison says tried this and yep it works well [Music].

So can we like do like with anything pretty much yeah exact insecurities lessened very good. So what you just learned is a technique that's also in your personality transformation course it's called the magic frame now the magic frame edwico says what do i stumble upon this is amazing yes. And it's still just a piece of the whole system right. So again you don't need me to tell you the power of this stuff you're experiencing it firsthand there's always things that can be a little bit more that need a little bit more attention.

But one of the reasons that we spend a lot of time on this particular technique and when we teach it in the webinars is because as we go through life we encounter situations and circumstances that activate the protective mechanism of our subconscious mind one of the subconscious minds primary directives is to protect your life to keep you safe that's and if it has to choose if it has to make a choice between your happiness and your survival guess what it'll choose it'll choose your survival right. And. So many times as we move through life we make mistakes where things come out of nowhere and sometimes similar things happen. So what happens a lot of times is an example i often use with this is somebody uh wants to be in business for themselves anybody here want to be in business for yourselves type it in the chat if you if you or if you have your own business right.

Any coaches any therapist this is going to come up a lot for you for your clients or how many of you um have been more have been in a more than one failed relationship right. So you can relate to this either way it's the same process just different content. So what happens many times is your unconscious mind is every bit as smart as you are it's every bit as smart as you are. However it doesn't have a time sense like we consciously process it doesn't work the same way and.

So what happens is let's say somebody starts a business and they build it up to a certain level of success things are going really really well and. Then something all of a sudden something comes out of nowhere you know they they run off and your partner runs off with all your money uh coven shuts you down um the stock market crashes there's a war somewhere and all of a sudden boom your business is gone right. And it hurts it hurts a lot the unconscious man that hurt we gotta recover from this and. So what happens well you start over right.

You you were successful you didn't see that coming. But you learned a lot of cool things it allows you to find the resources find the people you start that. Second business right. And it's going well and all of a sudden boom something comes out of nowhere sucks that.

Second business right. Out from under you're back to square one again and the pain is even worse right. Your unconscious mind is down there going every time he has a business he loses it and it hurts i got to protect him from this or her from this how am i going to make sure that this never happens again and the unconscious mind goes i got it if they never have another business they can never lose it if they never lose it they can never feel this way again unconscious mind flips a switch and even though the person knows all the right. People knows all the right.

Paperwork knows all you know when to make the right. Moves can't pull the trigger why unconscious mind created a safety rule that says in this situation this can't happen or this doesn't happen or you know this is as far as you're allowed to go right. Now let's say that you're in a romantic relationship things are going great right. And.

Then all of a sudden you know maybe god forbid uh the person dies um gets stolen from you just just gets a transfer. So it breaks up all of a sudden boom that relationship's gone and it hurts it sucks right. You're like okay. Well that was terrible.

But i'm a grown up i can get through this and say and you do you go through that grieving process that when you put yourself back together and you start dating and reaching out and you find somebody else who just seems to be the the real deal right. And all of a sudden five six months into that relationship boom it's gone again and the pain is there and the loss is there and the unconscious mind is going oh my god this almost killed him or her how do i protect them from this in the future i know if this person never has another relationship like this they can never have their heart broken again and they're safe unconscious mind flips a switch and now they've found mr or mrs right. And they can't move past friendship they can't move past the. First or.

Second date why the unconscious mind says i have to protect them from pain and if they can't experience the pleasure they can never have the pain and it creates a safety rule. So one of the things that we teach you in identity by design and personality transformation is that everything that human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. And at the beginning of today's webinar i told you that the way you guys remember at the beginning of the webinar how many of you just by show of hands were actually at the beginning of this webinar type in i was there. So i know a lot of grateful raising hands right.

I told you that the way human beings navigate the vibrational universe is through their kinesthetics their feelings and. So you have different levels of feeling well every recording that you have in your mind remember we are not the way we are because of what happened to us we are the way we are because of the way we recorded what happened to us and how we've been relating to those recordings and. So when we start to relate to those recordings the body generates a feeling connected to that file that file has a location in our body. But there's also a vibrational matrix out here that is projected from your neurology it's done from your cardiac nervous system your mirror neurons and your cranium okay.

We call that the proprioceptive grid if there was such a thing as psychic abilities a sixth sense if you will it would be your proprioceptive neurology. But it wouldn't be your sixth sense per se it would be your sixth seventh eighth ninth tenth and eleventh senses okay. So we're gonna we teach you how to put things together in a very powerful way. But there's a body feeling and a grid location out here that's exactly what i had you do i had you point to where you feel it reach out and touch it right.

Just the act of pointing and reaching creates multiple pathways to the same information in your holographic nervous system you get more on ramps. But it creates a synergy between all the different divisions of your nervous system you need to know all that for it to work that's why we did it. First right. You don't need to know how the the car is built in order to drive it right.

And. So that's the. First thing i did i wanted to show you this idea point where you feel it reach out and touch it. But of all the techniques the one that tends to have the most impact with all the other techniques is this magic frame process why is that because when we create safety lessons it doesn't matter how good our intentions are it doesn't matter how good our technique is if your unconscious mind decided that it was safer for you to keep that.

Then get rid of it and risk having it happen again it will choose to keep it do you understand that now the metaphor i like to use when we create uh i'm gonna show let me show you my conception of what a memory looks like from a holographic standpoint let me see if i can find it really quick. But before i do let me go ahead and remind you that all this stuff is found in our vibrational influence courses our personality transformation courses and the identity by design course that you get the live free event too. So i just want to remind you this is what we've got going on right. Now hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery home study course gives you the hidden laws of attraction home study course the 1497 value it's going to include the vibrational influence united kingdom special edition it's a 1597 value that we're going to give you absolutely free it builds on all the things that we're teaching you we're going to give you the vibrational healing home study course 1997 value absolutely free we're going to give you secrets of personality hundred ninety transformation dollar value absolutely free we're going to give you the hidden laws of attraction soulmate secrets master class 1950 value absolutely free and of course the four the three fast action bonuses that when i log off they go away forever attraction mastery four days super intensive 1997 value free the nlp power mastermind mentoring program root trial in the 11 year video archive 1597 value absolutely free and of course your free vip ticket to identity by design live 2 250 value all free total value is one thousand fifteen thousand three hundred eighty two dollars you can get it all for one low investment of 997 or three easy payments of 3.97 and all you got to do to get yours is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa that's david snyder nlp.com forward slash h l o a david snyder nlp.com forward slash hidden laws of attraction click the link click the link click the link get yours.

So i can continue to be your teacher and show you how all this stuff really works okay. Um. So what happens is let me see if i can find this um holographic memory unit for you this is my conception of what this thing looks like and remember this is this is again my conception it doesn't have to be true. But it functionally works.

So when you look. At a memory a thought a daydream something you want to manifest right. All of our daydreams memories thoughts feelings are built this way you have a vibrational substance like a dvd that's been encoded you have five primary channels just like a prism and. Then within each of these primary channels you have smaller distinctions or smaller attributes each of these functions like a computer command and it creates the movie of the event now this is a static picture all these things look.

Like they're just stationary and they're all pretty it's more like soup in actuality because all these things are in motion. So has anybody here ever tried ever made soup go ahead okay. We have a few right. Has anybody here ever tried to unmake soup no.

Right. Why because once this shit's in there it's all mixed up you ain't getting it out right. And this is what is this is the problem that we have once our neurology has created one of these containers all that stuff is in there and there's most of it is releasable that makes any kind of sense provided it's safe to do. So.

But floating in that soup are the safety rules that your nervous system created and embedded in that program that says if you let this go it might happen again. So with this particular process we can reach into the soup pull out exactly what needs to be kept and do it in a way that the nervous system recognizes it's being preserved and moved the moment the nervous system recognizes that the lessons have been saved it's willing to let everything else go you follow me that's what we did when we pointed to where we felt it reached out and touched it we connected all the divisions of our vibrational and physical nervous system when we took. Our magic finger and wrote the lessons on the white it out screen you started processing things through your kinesthetic cortex the energy started going out the emotional charges were being vented at the same time you were preserving the lessons and. Then what did you do you shrunk it down you moved it behind you right.

What happened when you moved it behind you what happened to the feelings when they moved behind you type it in the chat what happened right. Now what's interesting about that is i didn't tell you to make it go away right. What you did was this let me show you you literally took. Information that was in the front of your system it was in your forward hemisphere this part of your of your your energy field and anything in this field your neurology oops anything in this field your neurology classified as open active and running okay.

The moment it passes the boundary of the spine and starts to move this way your neurology starts to classify it as closed over and complete in other words it's done how many of you when i asked what happened when you moved it behind you suddenly realized it was in the past it was over it was done it was a neurological phenomena right. And the further back you moved it the less it impacted you true not true true not true this is the this is the interactive part of tonight's training true not true right. Did i have did i tell you that that would happen or did you just experience it before i told you that we'd already mapped it over with thousands of people from all over the world right. Again experienced guys and gals experience is the it's the thing that absolutely moves moves the meat forward okay.

Just experienced it right. The moment it went back is the moment it changed yes. Now here's something that also probably happened to you that you didn't that you didn't know i would know about not when i'm betting that for the vast majority of you there's exceptions to every rule okay. That's the vast majority when you move that behind you you had a spontaneous epiphany about it all of a sudden how you thought about the event the lessons connected to it dramatically changed you had a spontaneous reframe or insight of the experience true or not true type that in the chat for me true not true i gotta look.

At things yep thank you yep beautiful okay. Again this is just the tip of a very very large iceberg guys and gals okay. There is literal and metaphorical magic and you are magic incarnate the problem is is that nobody has given us a map that we can readily understand that links all the different systems of our neurology vibrationally and physically together okay. I was either lucky or well i consider myself lucky.

Anyway to have great teachers who could point me in the direction and give me some solid golden nuggets that created uh for me a system of personal development and empowerment that has literally allowed me and my students and there a lot of them are in this in these chats with you and on this uh this webinar to rewrite the whole direction of their lives right. There is nothing wrong with you my friends there's nothing you are not broken you can have everything you want. But. First this was a lesson that i learned from one of my female mentors a woman named taylor sinclair and it stuck with me for all these years and i found it to be true you can be or do or have anything in this life that you want as long as you're.

First willing to become the person for whom that thing can happen to and that's what brings us a lot of times in conflict with the law of attraction as we understand it there's i think i've catalogued at least 13 reasons why the law of attraction may fail right. Uh and obviously we don't have time to go through those today. But you can cover them in laws of attraction we can cover a few of them if you want. But are we clear with how the magic frame technique works you point to where you feel it you reach out and touch it you trace the outline of it with both of your hands you make sure it's the right.

One you put a big black frame around it you blacken out or whiten out the image you write the lessons on the screen. So you can keep all those lessons let everything else go you shrink it down to the size and post-it stamp you notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as it moves past your over your head and back into the past where it slips down below the horizon and it gets nailed back there right. Easy peasy lemon squeezy now you can do this for things on a zero to or one to ten scale of one or you can do them on a tent i recommend if you're going to do self work that you engage in a process we call bucket listing bucket listing is a way of reorganizing your traumas and your. So that you deal with the lowest level stuff.

First you get super good at the technique and. Then you move progressively through all the stuff that's the most problematic and most traumatic that is not the way we are tr we instinctively or intuitively are taught to deal with our stuff we are we are very much taught to run towards the biggest nastiest most painful thing in our lives. First and that's why we fail because your unconscious mind sorts for what's familiar which is usually what it's done the longest and the strongest right. I call it bambi versus godzilla scenario right.

Uh hold on a. Second we've got some people in the youtube chat same like you says thank you dr david you always be the best teacher in this field you bridge and unite the whole knowledge both science and magical i hope god will make you a light for this world well thank you that's that's very kind. But i'm just a guy in a vest who learned a couple of things and wants to spread that light right. I learned the hard way that when god gives you something you're expected to do something with it you have the keys to transforming your life in the lives of countless others what will you do with it when you keep it to yourself hoard it and there's nothing necessarily wrong with that.

But when you take what you have you go out into the world and you share it what you have grows okay. Um what other questions let's see what the other people questions other people have helmet says just purchased thank you helmet welcome to the family in that non-culty kind of way sandy says you made some great investments in yourself oh yeah yes. I'm very invested very very cute very cute i like that one fact we have certain uh we have member levels uh in planet david where if you if you come in like a platinum level or higher we actually give you a vest to say that they're invested it is we have a lot of fun i gotta be honest uh the people i've met through planet david have been the absolute coolest people on the planet and they are the most cherishing giving supportive group i mean i'm obviously biased. But don't believe me when you come to identity by design you'll meet these people and and you'll be just blown away i am every day i'm.

So grateful every moment of every day to be part of this amazing plan and i want you to be too whether you know at whatever level you can do if all you can do is our free videos do our free videos right. If you can afford to do the package do the package and just help upgrade yourself big time if it's somewhere in between where you just can buy one home study course or something like that. Then that's what you do right. I'm going to put stuff out at every level for as long as i'm walking this planet and you decide when you're ready to go to the.

Next level right. Um i don't decide that you do you have to decide you're worth it right. And while we're on that note um as is my tradition let's go ahead and remember um when i log out today these fast action bonuses are going to go away. So what again the hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery home study course is the hidden laws of attraction on study course obviously one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value you're also going to get the vibrational influence united kingdom special edition five day training with the bonus training and the bonus footage uh 1 597 value absolutely free we're going to give you the vibrational healing home study course valued at 1997. we're going to give that to you absolutely free secrets of personality transformation 2 497 value absolutely free um soulmate secrets masterclass 1950 value absolutely free did i get personality transformation uh 2497 value absolutely free uh the only power mastermind practice group fast action bonus 1 597 thank you florence god bless welcome aboard you know attraction mastery four day intensive 1997 value absolutely free and.

Finally your live ticket event to the identity by design las vegas four day intensive two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value absolutely free total package today is worth fifteen thousand three hundred and eighty two you can get it all for one low installment of 997 or three easier installments of 397. So go ahead and go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa that's davidsnydernlp.com forward slash h-l-o-a. Finally one more time david snyder nlp.com forward slash hloa now if you're calling stephanie i promise you she will be she will return your call within the. Next 24 hours religiously make sure make sure make sure if you're calling you leave your contact information.

So you qualify for the bonuses if you don't leave your information and you call back you won't qualify for the fast action bonuses it won't happen okay. So if you know you want everything if you know you want to spend time with me live in las vegas if you want to spend time with me and. Then mastermind please please please click that link now click it now click it now or call and get your name in. So that if you have questions you're at least qualified for it right.

This there is a local group in southern california and my intention over the. Next six to eight weeks is to i'm starting my martial arts masterminds or martial arts uh meetups this saturday i'm doing my. First escrima meetup after that we'll be rolling out probably a meet-up every couple of weeks until we're back to a full schedule in a way that fits my training schedule and my online classes and things that we do. So um i see now that people need to get out of the house they need to find safe places to meet with people and.

So i'm i'm bringing it out of mothballs. So we can get together and do the things that make us better people and find really cool people who like to do cool stuff. So that being said um going back to this technique now here's the thing i want you to understand it does not matter it does not matter if you're using this technique for a physical pain or an emotional pain the nervous system doesn't care when you're dealing with physical pain sometimes what happens is and is here's how you diagnose this by the way here's how you know you need to use this technique if you uh like say you're going to spin something like you point where you feel it and you take it out and he's and on a scale of 0 to 10 it's like a 9 and you do an intervention like color breathing or spinning and it drops from like a a nine or an eight or nine to a six or seven you do it again it drops to a five or six you do it again it drops to a five or three at some point it might go all the way to zero and. Then if it suddenly starts to come back a little bit you've got a safety lesson in place if you get if you if you move it down incrementally from uh an eight or nine and.

Then you hit like a two and it won't go any further you've got a safety lesson on your hands okay. You need to point to where you feel it reach out and touch it. But many times just the act of of magic framing it causes it to go away completely okay. It's really cool.

So dana's saying it would really help if someone can go over how long it takes to go over the program sold today please that really depends on you each class is about 30 hours of content. So yeah they're not small classes and there's manuals and there's a lot that's why we put that's why actually why we packaged um we packaged the mastermind and the live event right. Along with it because once you've had the live event you can blast through all the other stuff super quick right. Well again i would this is the i would rather be doing this you know being teaching and.

Then just about anything else in the world which pisses my wife off sometimes. But uh. But i this is what i was born to do and i will continue to do it until they come get me with a net or shoot me or i shuffle off this moral coil or ascend to the. Next level of vibrational reality right.

Um we talk about golden path this is part of mine right. And you'll learn about that also we'll talk a lot about golden path in the home study course as well and actually an identity by design we'll talk about it dennis says you're easy and pleasant to follow thanks david thank you right. My job wouldn't be very worthwhile if it weren't for people like you you know um not you know. So let me tell i have time for like one or two more uh questions or or demonstrations or techniques or whatever.

So tell me what you want to go you guys want to go with well i have you looking forward to vegas though can we get that separately can you get yes. If you reach out um you won't get the webinar package. But you can buy the you can buy a ticket to las vegas separately absolutely laura says i'm grateful you're for you're following your golden path dr dave well thank you i'm grateful too you know um one of the things you'll find out about planet david is it's not something you choose it's something that chooses you by the way you can tell if you're what we call a human angel any recommendations for adhd uh spinning color breathing magic frame that's where i would start touch the tip of your nose you feel a little indentation on the tip of your nose that's what my teacher lillian bridges used to call a human angel marking you're destined to come here and fulfill a very powerful spiritual mission which usually involves some kind of healing how can i use magic frame on asthma okay. When you're doing when you're doing some of these techniques on chronic conditions you have to ask your neurology a separate question okay.

So in an identity by design personality transformation you're going to learn about some body-centered energy psychotherapy and it's all about how we use the body to influence the mind and. So forth i don't have time to go through it all here. But there is this distinction that you make um like for example if i'm doing uh a spinning tank right. A point where i feel it notice the color take take it out notice if the color changes stay the same notice which direction is spinning make it the opposite spin it the other way put it back in okay.

That's the basic spinning technique if you go to instant emergency pain relief um you'll get a good primer on how to do that as well as breathing techniques stuff like that. But what happens many times is if somebody's got a chronic condition like uh once upon a time i was at a in 2013 i think it was no. 2012 i was in a a training with richard bandler it was during an intermission and a gentleman came up to me and he says james situ says you can kill my cancer and i'm like james c2 says what he goes james c2 says you can kill my cancer and i got this download right. First of all i gotta understand something i'm in the middle of a hotel in the lobby during a 15-minute break some perfect stranger comes up to me and says.

So and. So says you can cure my cancer and i got the. Second big download for the spinning technique and i said point to where you feel it that's going to be how you start every single technique you learn from me pretty much points where you feel it he points i said that's not the problem he looks at me like i'm crazy he goes what do you mean that's not the problem i said that's the symptom there's a reason that tumor is there and there's a feeling connected to that reason point to where the feeling connected to that reason lives in your body he points to his heart now he had prostate cancer. So you know where he pointed the.

First time right. He points to his heart i said i said close your eyes. And look. At that feeling it goes like this i go notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color.

First impression goes it is red you go excellent reach in grab all that red energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes that hides he reaches in he takes it out i said now look. At him he looks at it i go did the color change or stay the same. First impression goes it's the same i said notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning it goes this way i go grab it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was now double the spin in the opposite direction double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot he spins it and he spins it and he spins it and. Then he slams it into his chest the minute he slams it into his chest i clap my hands over top of his hands he he bounces like i just shot him with a with 2 000 volts or whatever right.

And he starts he starts twitching he breaks out in a sweaty turns beat red his eyes. Roll back in his head and i just hold him there for about a good minute or. So and. Then at some point the program unpacks and his whole body just goes and in that moment his whole personality changed he stopped being angry he looked at me he went oh and i went bye because my seminar was starting and i had to get back in there right.

Two to three weeks two or three weeks. Later i get this little package in the mail and i open it up and there's an envelope with a letter in it and this little stuffed toy dog and i open the letter and it says thank you you change my i can't exactly remember this is for your daughter to say thank you for what you did for me in orlando and i'm like and there's this bunch of numbers in the letter and i i don't know what these numbers are what they mean. So i called one of my students zach who was studying to be a surgeon's a surgical technician his mother was an uh or nurse or a critical care nurse or something i said my this is before i got my doctorate i knew how to read this um and i said this guy sent me these numbers what do they mean she goes oh they're tumor markers his cancer his tumor has shrunk by 50 percent okay. There i've seen the spinning technique do things that are just patently impossible we have a lot of it on video from people doing right.

Uh let's see what we got here um. So kim. So how can i remove the control someone's abusive has over me and my support left the relationship and moved on. But still seek out approval from others okay.

That's that's going to take either identity by design or regression we have people who can do that. But start with identity by design kim uh go through that process and. Then see what's left and. Then get either holly or seth or bernie or karen or some of our more advanced people to go through the the other cleanups with you.

But start with identity by design and personality transformation you're going to learn three basic techniques in that everything kind of comes from it's called the transformational triad um you're welcome kim yeah it's it's i got all i got all kinds of stories guys i could just i could just tell story after story after story after story with spinning work for rashes i know it would because it has will it work every single time i can never predict that i've had people i'll tell you one more story back when i was seeing clients and i had to stop seeing clients by the way because i had a waiting list six months long and it was getting longer and my training schedule was was blowing up uh yes. Let me finish what i was saying the reason i told you the gus story the the tumor story is because when you're asking about chronic conditions the the disease is never this is never the problem it's the symptom and. So you have to ask a slightly different question. So if i got someone who um just injured their leg or [Music] twisted their elbow or broke their leg or kidney stones or something like that i'll just have a point to where they feel it and spin it out.

But if it's somebody who's manifesting a chronic illness you have to remember the chronic illness is never the problem the chronic illness is always the symptom. So there's a reason that that particular ailment is there and there's a feeling connected to that reason and that's what you have to go after when you're going after oh i said let me let me redo my my auto zoom just screwed up um hold on a. Second auto focus okay. There we go sorry about that sometimes my software running my camera gets glitchy.

So when you're dealing with chronic illness you have to go after the root cause and you can do that by just changing the quality of the question that you ask. So in your vibrational you'll it'll be actually in all four of your courses it'll be in personality transformation it'll be in vibrational healing it'll be an identity by design uh to some degree it will be in vibrational influence there's this thing we call body centered energy psychotherapy right. And a concept or a mechanism in your neurology we call a somatic search engine the quality of the the information you get from your autonomic nervous system is directly related to how you've asked the question right. I'm not going to go too deep into that you can again when you get your program when you come to identity by design you're going to get deep level training like military grade training in this there was nothing you won't i promise you i challenge you come to identity by design you will be able to do this anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason it's called real world hypnosis for a reason it makes you unstoppable right.

But when you're dealing with chronic illness you have to go for the root cause when it's something that's acute something that's just happened you can just point to a lot of times you can just point to where you feel it can zap it. Anyway and it doesn't really matter if it's a fear we we've cured phobia air flying like debilitating crippling airplane phobias in 90 seconds 90 seconds boom done gone he we cured it. So much he forgot he was ever afraid right. It was it's crazy right.

We've done we've we've taken fear of math tests and do love of math tests you can take this not only can you eliminate stuff remember all those good feelings we had at the beginning of today's webinar you can spin it and amplify it off the charts right. Um if you guys want to see well if you guys see the erotic hypnosis stuff you'll see me using this for a rock yeah you can do it for anything george anything if you can point to where you feel it you can change it the only thing i can't predict is how long it'll take into what degree. But i haven't seen anything yet even if the person you're doing it with doesn't actually believe it'll work it'll still work right. That's what's cool about it you don't need to believe it you just got to do it we spent a lot of time taking these principles and these techniques distilling them down to as purely a mechanical process as humanly possible.

So we sanitize the belief out of it now certain beliefs will make your better. But it still works. So this is how to point for smtg pretend you know we'll talk again you'll learn all about this and identity by design in personal personality transformation the system the part of you that controls all the things we're playing with is the same part of you that plays pretend. So if you even if you don't know exactly where it is if you pretend that you know where it is and you point to it it'll be right.

I can't make this up i could make this up. But i don't have to right. It really is the most user-friendly system of personals i gotta write a book. I i mean i usually do videos because they're easier.

But i know i need to write a book. But. Anyway. So yeah that's make a list here's what i want you to do now when you leave this webinar after you've gotten your package and all that squared away i want you to sit down and i want you to write all the things you want to change like you know by category like fears grief loss anger just categorize them all the things you're angry about and.

Then organize them from most intense and. Then flip the list and. Then i want you to take your your magic frame technique that you learned if you know the spinning technique you can use that and i want you to start with everything that has a one to three level i want you to spin three of those things away or magic frame them away. Then find a few more things at that level and just get rid of them and.

Then move on to the fours and. Then move on to the fives and. Then move on to the six and in every two or three levels just go back over it a few times and by the time you hit the eights nines and tens you won't notice any difference in the level of difficulty between the ones and the threes and the five and the eights and the nines it's called bucket listing you learn about it in depth in identity by design and personality transformation because personality transformation is all about doing this work on yourself by yourself identity by design is about doing this work on yourself for yourself. But also to help other people professionally.

So if you want to have an extra business or things like that identity by design is perfect for that uh tracy says can you help others dealing with more severe mental illness like schizophrenia with any of these practices i'm gonna i'm gonna give you a qualified yes. But it's it's done strictly on a cape there are some people i that they can't focus their attention and follow instructions well enough to do the drills everything i teach except for the covert influence stuff presupposes someone who's at least able and willing to follow instructions if the person's able and willing to follow the instructions you have a high probability of success if they have a very short attention span or very confused disorganized thinking and they can't follow your stuff you're gonna have to do something else. First to get them to be able to focus and follow. But in terms of doing client work that's really the only caveat does that make sense i hope i hope that it's understandable again i don't try to make claims.

But man don't believe me just go do this on people or with people and you'll be amazed i could tell you story after story after story right. There was one more story i was going to tell i can't remember what it was though. Anyway all right. So that's about all we have time for.

So again for those of you who are on the fence remember that everything that we're doing and everyone we're teaching about is in your course and more um also remember the 60 day money back guarantee if for some reason these things aren't working the way we've telling you they are and by the way we've under we've underpromoted what these things can do um. But don't believe me test it 60 day risk free uh and you get all the cool stuff okay. So once again just to reiterate hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery home study course 14 1 497 value. But you also get all these x free extra bonuses vibrational influence united kingdom fifteen hundred ninety seven dollar value yours free vibrational healing home study course one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value yours free secrets of personality transformation two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value free soulmate secrets masterclass 1950 value yours free attraction mastery four-day intensive 1997 value absolutely free three-month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program plus the 11 year video archive 1597 value yours absolutely free and of course your free live in person four four-day crash course identity by design live in las vegas august 1st through the 4th 2 250 value and remember if you can't make the vegas event let stephanie know we'll move you to the.

Next identity by design training it's free and you have it until you use it total value fifteen thousand three hundred and eighty two dollars yours for one low installment an investment of nine ninety seven in yourself or you can break that up into three easy installments of 397 and all you need to do is click the link click the link click the link it's that time should we get off the pod is not bad he used to say david snyder nlp.com forward slash hidden laws of attraction hidden laws david snyder nlp.com hidden laws of attraction david snyder nlp.com hidden laws of attraction hloa click the link click the link click the link before it's too late all right. My friends in the immortal words of cal burnett my favorite funny ladies of all time i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night god bless click the link join planet david meet me in las vegas meet me online and let's make your world everything you want it to be good night and god bless.
