Title: 56kYqb2uGgc.txt
Video Id: 56kYqb2uGgc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56kYqb2uGgc

And now throw it all out because it doesn't matter everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of your job is to find out what those feelings are and give it to them it's really that simple okay. Now remember the process of influence happens on different levels. But everything we do regardless of the story we attach to it is based on the feelings in our body okay. The moment the body failings shift the reticular activating system goes into effect our.

Consciousness changes it's that simple data doesn't change the meanings we assign to it and the inferences we make and behaviors that arise from those inferences is what creates change now the fastest way to change another person's state is to change yours. First change yours. First okay. Interactions with people are always a yin and yangang there's always a feedback loop that's in place your job is to understand and be aware of that feedback loop and navigate and govern the changes okay.

When we talk about feedback loops the one that comes to mind with most people most right. Away is the the proverbial. Mind. Body feedback loop right.

What we think creates what we feel what we feel creates what we think at infinitum by the way with regards to the manual don't worry about the manual right. Unless. I specifically say certain go to certain pages or whatever you have your whole life to read the manual what's that right. You won't need it if you follow the instructions.

But you go back and you follow up and you find other things that are cool and you work them into your your curriculum. I. Got 5 days to put you through a a process that allows you to embody this m this training three is the magic number we call it 3x3 because the way most people learn is that the the teacher can we get a little bit more volume without or close these doors. So that the uh airport and stuff doesn't interfere the way most people go you come to a seminar you sit down the the instructor lecture lecture lecture demo practice back lecture lecture lecture demo practice no.

That's that gives you borrowed information well we have discovered through years and years and years of teaching people to go out and be able to do this stuff in a very short time the minimum number of repetitions that you need to do to embody anything on a functional level is three three times as a subject three times as the operator you get multiple perspectives you get the wrote memorization and the body muscle memory metaphorically speaking now you can go out there and actually do it okay. So really. Embrace this idea of just rolling up your sleeves doing the drills and getting the skills have as much fun be as playful and creative and and crazy with it as you can because the more you play the faster you learn when you when you go out into the world take that playful energy with you because nothing diffuses anxiety worry stress stranger danger than playfulness okay. I'm going to teach you how to embody certain.

States how to create certain default. States in your body that's part of the training you're going to get that right. We're going to teach you what we call. Four ba the four basic think of them like the starter set for your emotional templates right.

We'll call it. Master and. Commander um. Rockstar metaframe uh open heart trust trigger and.

Then we'll probably teach you the hakala pose uh which is extrem powerful. But along the along the path of learning that. I'm going to you're going to gain the ability to customize and design your own. So that you have these things on demand whenever you need it.

So. State control as we. Define it actually let's start with this this is the. CPI model or we' like to call it the universal persuasion protocol control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process bond to their criteria and values.

So you'll hear me often refer to the center of the persuasion. Bullseye either as. Criterion values which is the old. NLP term.

But you'll also hear me use the words the emotional bonding checklist emotional bonding checklist your goal in any interaction is to bond what people emotionally want and need to what you're offering them in a way that they recognize it it's that simple the longer you keep them in that process the more readily they'll do business with you by default business being going out on a date buying your product or service becoming a client giving you a good review networking it doesn't matter everything human beings do is in response to a feeling all emotions are feelings not all feelings are emotions very important distinction all emot have a feeling. But not all feelings are emotions in trauma work many times people will have a body feeling or a set of emotions that they can't put a name to because they can't name it they can't process it. So you have to do something creative like oh turn it into a color and. Then they can get rid of it right.

So this is the formula that you follow in any situation where you must influence another human being to do do what you want them to do. But there's one step right. Before this right. Before this that we have to have and that's know your outcome you got to know what you want because if you don't have a clear idea of what you want and how you know you're getting it you're probably going to wind up with something else okay.

Now outcomes don't need to be complicated they can be as simple as. I'm going to make that person feel amazing right. And. Then your agenda moves from there well okay.

This person feels amazing do they have anything. I need how do. I make a me more amazing. So they'll want to give it to me right.

Your outcome should have two basic ideas what you want and how you know you're getting it how are you going to calibrate are you moving towards what you want or away. NLP gives you this long drawn out process that every time. I look. At a new version of somebody else's.

NLP the freaking list gets longer and longer and longer keep your simple why because if it's not simple you're not going to do it if you don't do it you're not going to get better at it make it fun if it's not fun you're not going to do it if you don't do it you're not going to get better at it it's a simple formula find the fun keep it simple right. So repeat after me if you will with vim and vigor like you really want to be here control your state get. Rapport get report use your language use your language manage their state state jump into their process jump into their process bond to their. Criterion values bond to their again control your state control your state get.

Rapport get ra use your language use your language manage their state jump into their process bond to their criteria and values one more time with feeling control your state control your state get. Rapport get. Rapport use your language use your language manage their state manage their state jump into their process jump into their process bond to their. Criterion values bond to their crer all right.

Pop. Quiz you're at a networking function you see somebody who looks interesting what's the. First thing you're going to do. Then what are you going to do.

Then what are you going to do. Then what are you going to do. Then what are you going to do and. Then holy.

Batman. I think they're getting it you're at a bar you see some hotti or hot guy or whatever hottie means to you what's the. First thing you're going to do take a cold shower control your state get. Rapport use your language jump into their process and you're going to court you're going to be a star witness what are you going to do language the process ah okay.

You're going to teach a seminar with a bunch of people what are you gon to do you get pulled over for speeding what are you going to do four use their language manage the state up into their process bond to their. Criterion. Universal persuasion protocol it does not matter where it does not matter who all that matters is that language and human beings are involved control your state get. Rapport use whatever language skills that you currently possess if all you know is.

Echo technique that's what you use if all you know is active listening which. I don't recommend. But it's better than nothing that's what you use if you have rhetorical persuasion techniques that's what you use the formula is they think of it like you know how you have these little x's and y's in an algebra equation where you just fill in the blank fill in the variable that's what this is how do you control your. State some people it's a fifth of.

Jack. Daniels right. Some people it's kakava some people it's meditation some people it's posture breathing like. I teach which we're going to be doing right.

How do you control your state whatever it is that's what you use you get. Rapport what. Rapport skills do you have some people it might be talking about the cool pictures on their wall some people it might be. Echo technique some people it might be classic.

NLP matching and mirroring whatever you whatever tools you have that's what that you're good at that's what you use right. Use um manage their state pay attention to the to where they're at pay attention to the state you're in and where you need them to be and figure out how many iterations do. I need to go go through to get them from the state they're in to where they are and how do. I manage that change right.

We're going to give you certain key conversational. Frameworks that act like training wheels until you don't need them anymore and they become a basic part of how you move through the world right. That's all you need to start keep it simple right. And.

Then jump into a process again how do you how do you how do you elicit from them how they've done something similar in the past and how can you fit what you're presenting to what they've done in the direction path like if somebody's bought a house and they loved it and you're going to sell them a house you don't want to ask them about a house that they've hated you want to ask them about a house that they bought that they loved and fit to that process people are very very transparent with their processes if you have eyes. To see and ears to hear and the best part is you don't even need that if you have the echo technique because 80% of what you need at that level is already handled this is why the echo technique my friend. James got arrested he hated this technique he hated the echo technique not because it didn't work it's because it was too simple. James likeed complicated.

I just don't know. I don't know. But he just he was just his thing a lot of a lot of neural linguistic programmers like complicated stuff because they think it's. Advanced that's not the definition of.

Advanced. Techniques in my world think about advanced technology shouldn't advanced technology be easier to use shouldn't it do more stuff with less work right. If your iPhone if you had to type in a. DOS prompt to do use your iPhone would you use it exactly.

So in my world. Advanced. Techniques mean they're easier to use they cover more they're more reliable that's how. I count that's how.

I qualify it as an advanced and. I can use it in more places that's how. I qualify an advanced technique a lot of people wouldn't wouldn't follow that they wouldn't they wouldn't. Embrace that because it's not complicated or sophisticated enough right.

All right. So. I want you to understand that whatever tools that you have already if you just follow this formula the chances of you getting your outcome go up astronomically now we're just going to keep laying adding multipliers to this okay. So let's talk about.

State. Control. State control as we. Define it in.

Planet. David is the ability to enter or exit in other words transition from any psycho emotional state to any other emotional state at will and. On. Demand right.

So for those of you who want to really develop this skill uh probably one of the best resources is method acting method acting right. Some of the best hypnotists on the planet are actors if you think about what their their their whole craft is designed to do one thing suck you out of your reality and into. Theirs to convey authentic real experiences and emotions and engage your mirror neurons that's their whole training. So there's no.

Place that method acting will not help you in this okay. In fact this will help you get more auditions right. So we want to learn to generate authentic bonafied emotional states and. Then operate from within them without them controlling us does that make sense okay.

Now there's two ways that you control your state through your physiology and through your cognition okay. We talked earlier. I mentioned earlier we have feedback loops the. Mind.

Body feedback loop right. Most of us are taught that the. Mind controls the body if you're a classically trained hypnotist your your your your whole training is all about the idea that people are in your chair because they're manifesting a physiological problem that's lodged in their mind true enough to be true functionally. However the inverse is true maybe just te it down a little bit uh well functionally know the inverse is true out in the real world your psychology doesn't control your physiology unless you're well trained what do.

I mean by well trained. Elite athlete. Buddhist monk. Yogi heavy high level meditator elite soldier these are people who have been put through hell and and had and forced and trained to to be very rational critical thinkers under extreme situations unless you into one of those categories and what you're being exposed to was trained in that context the inverse is true your physiology the body the body processes control your psychology okay.

That is the average human condition right. For every psycho emotional state that you can conceive of there is a corresponding physi iology and breathing pattern that allows that state to manifest in your body now as you get more and more evolved and more and more sophisticated on the emotional pallet the body language or physiological dist distinctions in your phys in your posture and breathing will get very small there may be very little difference between. Sly and flirtatious right. But can you feel the difference right.

It's just a tiny they're both naughty they're both mischievous. But there's a the the body language difference is a little. But it it can create very different kinesthetics receptions and that's the thing. I need you to understand.

First is that once we understand the power of physiology this becomes your platform it becomes your foundation right. And as long as you can control your physiology. Andor your breathing or both nobody can knock you off your game for any length of time ever again and that's big because. So much of what happens in combative persuasion is frame control it's destroying a person's frame by by making them feel or belittling them or whatever and.

So if we can hold a positive powerful frame through our physiology it becomes very hard to break us psychologically okay. If we get knocked off kilter we catch oursel going into a less than resourceful physiology all. I have to do is remember to change it and hold it for as little as two minutes and. I'll break that pattern and.

I'll go back into a resourceful. State okay. So. First thing we're going to do any questions about that.

So far because we're about to do some drills he everybody stand up and give yourself some room this is where it gets fun all right. I want you to close your eyes. If you will. I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really wanted.

I want you to add a few parameters to it now. I want you to think of something that you wanted on a scale of 0 to 10 and had a lust factor of 27 and you decided you were going to get it no. Matter what and you made a plan you put that plan into operation and no. Matter what got in your way no.

Matter what obstacles appeared out of nowhere you went over around through you work that plan and boom you nailed it home run. I want you to remember that moment of. Victory. I want you to remember what you were seeing in that amazing.

State what you were hearing what you were smelling what you were tasting when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get as you become aware of that feeling even more. So now remember how you were standing in that moment of. Victory remember how you were breathing and stand that way now breathe that way now take a moment to just really lock in that physiology take a snapshot of a physical and mental snapshot of it. So you can get back here anytime you want become fully immersed in those feelings and here's what.

I want you to do. Next without changing a single thing about the way you're standing without changing a single thing about the way you're breathing as an act of will try to feel bad notice what your body tries or doesn't try to do when you're done with that stop testing let those wonderful feelings double and allow your eyes. To open look. Up here okay.

Newbies what happened when you tried to feel bad you didn't want to what did your body try to do you try to change you try to go down yeah. So here's the secret. I told you to summon up all your willpower and beat your physiology could you do it that's right. Your physiology trumps your.

I can't use that word in. California physiology controls your psychology right. This is why we start with physiology. First now some of you may have noticed that when.

I asked you to try and feel bad maybe you found yourself you know you're you're in this great winter posture you start to feel bad you try thinking about a bad thing on your body wants to kind of wilter that's the only thing you need to be aware of to make this work as long as you can become aware of when your body wants to start wilting and as an act of will put yourself back in the posture the states can't engage. So as long as you can control your posture you can control your emotional state the training comes in putting you in more and more. Progressive situations where the environment is going to make that more challenging for you and that's where my. Systema training was all about because there was always another level there was always another letter of to put on the on the training right.

But my point is is that. I had you summon up your willpower and you couldn't beat your physiology that's important because if you can if you can master your physiology nobody can push your buttons you can enter any state you want you can custom cust design. States lock them in and move through the world emanating them into a whole room right. This is the beginning of your.

Jedi training this is and it gets crazy okay. So. But because there's a yin and yang to everything. I want you to close your eyes.

Now and what. I want you to do is. I want you to think of another time in your life. I'm going to give you the parameters of this you find uh an example of this that you think is appropriate that you saw something you really really wanted on a scale of 0 to 10 like a lust factor of 20 and you made a plan and you work that plan only this time right.

When you thought you were going to get it something happened at the. Last minute and it gone you realized you weren't going to get it. I want you to remember that moment of disappointment or defeat what were you seeing in that moment what were you hearing what were you smelling what were you tasting remember how you were standing if you were standing in that moment how you were breathing become very aware of that and hold that posture hold that breathing pattern and when you know you've got that summon up your willpower and without changing a thing about the way you're breathing or the way you're standing as an act of will try to feel bad or try to feel good we're not going to stay here long now what. I want you to do is you're feeling those feelings.

I want you to summon up your willpower. I want you to hold on to that negative feeling. But as you hold on to that as you try to hold on to that negative feeling with your willpower shift your body back to the. Winner's posture we did earlier and notice what happens shift your posture more if you need to and.

Then stop trying to hold on to those negative feelings and let those wonderful feelings come back twice as strong as the time before when you know you got that open your eyes. Look. Up here have a seat what'd you notice. I'm gonna play.

Mike. Mike guy you looked like you were. G to say something oh okay. I mean.

I did. I did notice actually this time the the memory that was connected to the negative thing like actually just left my awareness just left your awareness yeah the whole whole scenario was just like mhm yeah yeah did you go through more and more of the clearing stuff those things will go faster and faster because you're you're getting less and less attached to things it's easier for you to let them go how what did you notice when. I had you hold on to the when. I had you go into the negative physiology do you feel like crap good good no.

What happened what happened when. I asked you to tr to summon up your. Willow and try to feel good could you do it okay. So when.

I asked you to hold on to the negative feeling with your willpower and. Then shift your body back to the. Winner's physiology what happened just couldn't hold you can't follow instructions. I told you to hold on to that feeling.

I. I can't work with you that's no. That's actually no. Great job right.

And the reason that that it's important to have the experience of it right. And. Then it's important to keep doing it right. If if all you ever do it is this one time in the class it's just a parlor trick make it a way of training just like boxers you know there thousands of.

Jabs thousands of uppercuts you know these are these are the tools of your trade the ability to control and manage your state to go into any situation or circumstance and be able to on your game starts with your posture and your breathing posture and breathing is always going to come down to this right. And here's why. I had you use your willpower multiple times through these drills to do the opposite to consciously will yourself to do the opposite of what your body was telling you to do if you if your physiology is in chaos which is what environments do highly emotional environments do they throw us into a state they can knock us off our game they they knock us off our equilibrium you cannot no. Matter how much learning you have you cannot access your cognition you cannot access your cognitive skills if your physiology is in chaos right.

That's why they say you don't rise to the occasion you fall to the level of your training right. If you don't have that training. Then you're at the of whatever stimulus comes your way. So you have to have a way to train and this is how you do it by understanding the difference and the pecking order the order of.

Precedence or priority in physiology versus psychology your willpower is at the mercy of your body until you've trained it otherwise now the book. You want to reference for this information is called willpower by. Roy balme okay. Willpower is a finite resource it's based on two big fundamental attributes the amount of sleep you've had and the amount of blood sugar in your system okay.

You have a finite and you burn through willpower units units of your ability to override your emotions every time you engage in critical thinking have to quell an emotional response. So the more the more emotionally volatile my environment the more rapidly. I'm going to run out of the ability to control it unless. I just go dead which means.

I go apathetic which is again another form of trauma right. U it doesn't mean. I'm not being traumatized just means. I'm not connected to it.

So. I'm not aware the house is burning down it's kind of how it works right. Was one of my big problems with. NLP for a while was because um a lot of the doctrines that people were espousing were creating these dissociative walls between trauma and and the person's current experience and in my world because.

I. I dealt with terminal cancer and all these these other things that was like building a cement wall like a plexiglass wall between the part of your house that's burning and the part of your house that hasn't burned yet and said the house is okay. It's not right. Just because you can't feel it doesn't mean that shit's not there in fact in.

Chinese medical. Chum you know we say if you can point to where you feel it you can change it you know what the. The. Chiang doctors say if you can't feel it you can't heal it.

So a lot of times people go into these denial systems and they uh. Scott sonen calls those those places we lock in our body sensory motor amnesia your body forgets it's there they're numb spots and just like a th an ice cube thawing when we start to melt them the pain comes back which is why people want to run away. But this is not a therapy class. But it's important to understand that these these systems are always at play whether you're conscious of it or not these are parts of the things that are going into every decision a human being makes and they're stimulated through the interoceptive information coming into the environment the context of the environment you're going to learn to engineer all of it.

But the fastest way to override the environment the fastest way to override the people is by controlling your state through your physiology your posture and your breathing okay. So there's a if you think about it visually um your your posture and breathing is on a. Continuum when we talk about people who are noble um very moral high in we use words like standup guy straight shooter um give me some others straight. As narrow straight.

As narrow right. That's a posture reference right. We talk about people who are evil what do we say they're bent they're. Twisted thank you right.

So there's a. Continuum locked into your physiology there's a memory that your neurology sorts by good symmetry takes up space good positive healthy desirable bent. Twisted asymmetrical unhealthy evil nasty right. This is part of your physiology training you need to understand that if you want to exude.

Authority exude certainty exude what they call um command of presence you got to be vertical you got to be symmetrical you got to take up space both vertically and horizontally right. These are the things that put you. First of all just standing that way will make you more certain it'll make you more solid and. So anything that comes out of your mouth will have more gravitas it'll have more impact on the people unless it's strategically to your advantage to put yourself in a one- down position a place where you're not quite.

So certain right. Where you're not giving off the master of the universe. Vibe. So the idea is to go in and out of these states it will.

Can. You. Feel. The fluctuations when.

I change my physiology right. Do you know this goes even. F the the the. Royal um the forget that's a one of the big.

Royal. Shakespearean theater companies have a stage technique for actors on stage to to change your perception from a from a half shot to a full body shot to a head shot it's. I learned it from. Ronnie.

McDow on he was on a he was doing a clubhouse. So like we'll talk we'll teach you this in in. Charisma conversion like if if. I want you to look.

At me full body. I'll just move right. If. I want you to look.

At me from the waist up. I'll just stop and move my hands if. I want you to just look. At my face.

I'll only. I'll only look. At my. I'll only my face see how.

I'm controlling your field of vision which is what attention attention is the currency of relationships if. I can control your attention. I can control everything else right. So there's a lot to the body right.

But the. First thing is if you can't control your state it's going to get controlled for you posture and breathing for every psychoemotional state that you can conceive of there is a corresponding physiology and a breathing pattern that allows it to manifest now guys we always start we always start our classes with our favorite. Power pose and. Hooked on a.

Feeling there's a reason for it it's to remind you that everything human beings do including you is in response to a feeling that you want more of you want less of and that you can control that phes that that feeling by controlling your physiology right. Now. Amy cudy how many of you are not familiar with. Amy.

C's power poses anybody okay. If you haven't go read there's a a you. T talk called. Power poses by.

Amy. Cuddy. I've been teaching this stuff for almost 20 years. But.

Amy did the actual scientific research and what we what you're going to learn is beyond just what she teaches in power poses. But she did the science. So if you want the science she's got it what she discovered was if you would take people and hold these positions for as little as 2 minutes there would be a reliable. State change and in the vast majority of cases the hormonal balances in people's bodies would shift testosterone went up by about 20% cortisol dropped by about 20% what did that mean is you were more confident more assertive more authoritative and more relaxed does anybody here not want to be more relaxed anybody here not want to be more confident more assertive right.

I'm not going to pass judgment on assertive or nonassertive. I want to modify asserted what's appropriate in a situation sometimes it's strategically to your advantage to not be assertive to get your outcome right. That's one of the things that. NLP taught me that.

I really really liked was it's not about good or bad it's about what's useful n people doesn't care if the science says it's there or not it cares about if it works right. At the end of the day that's what we should care about it's nice if that we have science to back these things up. But at the end of the day when we go and apply these things do they actually yield and pay. Lo or payoff that is desirable.

So physiology. State. Control we're going to give you four four four. First day with a new hand four uh different metaphysical or meta metap we call them metaph frames even though it's it's not completely accurate.

So we talked about at the beginning of today that there are four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence. First one we talked about was. Authority. Second one was attractivity ity attractivity being the ability to generate and manage states of attraction in yourself and other people the.

Third one is called. Affinity. Affinity is the sense of sameness of connection of affiliation with another with a person or a group of people right. You could think of it as.

Rapport right. Um in in a lot of like in some of the studies that we that have referenced if you've got a group of people uh and one person see smoke coming up from under the door and wants to get up and leave. But nobody else wants to get up and that other person will stay there in most cases because the rest of the group gets refused that's an affinity tactic that's social that's consensus right. Same ideas and again you can you can find these on.

YouTube um uh if you have somebody who is like a plant in a group and everybody's giving the same wrong answer and this one person gives the right. Answer that person many times will change their answer to comply with with because they want to fit in that's affinity that's the need to be accepted now that's a primal. Drive um. So is social status by the way most people don't realize that uh we talk about you have three brains you have your reptile brain your your your lyic system or your.

Mamon brain and your neocortex status is actually a survival trait that goes right. To the. Primal brain um the need to be accepted by a group also goes to the reptile brain because societies the reptile knows that. Society protect its high status members and that being part of a group is analogous to survival conversely expulsion from the group is analogous to being to.

Extinction to being killed right. And. So we fight for these things right. Whether we're conscious of it or not we're fighting when you when you.

Echo somebody's words you're triggering a very very very deep very very. Primal need for affiliation and raising your status at the same time this is one of reasons why everything shifts when you start echoing people effectively okay. So. Authority attractivity.

Affinity acquiescence acquiescence is kind of the the freebie in any given room about a. Third maybe a little bit less will do what you tell them just because you told them to do it now if there's a room of 20 people there are three or four people in here that will do whatever. Alex says just because. Alex told them.

But those same three people won't do it because. Seth told them a different three people will do it because. Seth told them. So affini or acquiescence is kind of a weird one um the idea though is the more you amplify the other two pill other three pillars the the more that number goes closer to 100 okay.

So we want to start playing with this idea of going into the proper once we know what we want we have to ask oursel a basic question who do. I need to be for them to be who. I need them to be. So they'll do what.

I want right. Remember the fastest way to change somebody's identity is to change yours. First who are you in their world because that'll dictate this the version of themselves that they bring to the four and the behaviors that they generate and the perceptions that they generate will all come from that identity state right. So who do they need to be who do.

I need to be to get that to happen that's the simple question right. So for. Authority how many people here have ever seen the movie. Master and.

Commander okay. If you haven't go go rent it for just the. First 20 minutes. Then you can do whatever you want with the rest of the movie right.

But there's a really good scene there that. I. I always reference when. I teach this this this part of the course because at the at the at the establishing shot you know it's it's.

Dawn on the ocean there's this beautiful three. Mass warship and it's it's it's really quiet the fog is clearing and you see all the all the sailors some are scurrying up and down the mass some are depth testing some are navigating some are are. Manning the the helm. But the entire ship is running like a finely tuned machine like everybody's doing exactly what they do everybody's in place everything's the way it's supposed to be and.

Then slowly the the door to the main. C the main deck opens and out walks the captain and he just he just walks out and he just assumes that pose that says this is my world and everything is the way it's supposed to be and it's just. Russell. Crow standing there and just observing the entire ship and there's no.

Doubt as he observes his world that he is the master of that ship that he knows how to do every single one of those jobs that those. Sailors are doing. But he knows that those. S he trained those.

Sailors to do and these people to do those jobs and they're doing it perfectly and he knows with absolute certainty that if anything changes if anything happens all he has to do is say the word or take one small action and it's handled now you've all been in situations and circumstances where things just work like clockwork where you train people or you taught people or you were part of a team that maybe you were leading and everybody was doing their job and. But. But you were in charge you felt in control of that environment you knew everything that could happen and you had an answer for every single thing that could come up true not true if you didn't imagine what that might be like. So everybody stand up.
