Title: Hidden Laws of Attraction   Mental Dynamics of Manifestation
File Name: kZt4LiXxQ9o.txt
Video Id: kZt4LiXxQ9o
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZt4LiXxQ9o

A man and a woman. I'm talking about basically for all intents and purposes. Law of. Attraction and manifesting talking about how do we how do we start to really understand how the universe works what's what's really the path we need to follow versus what is the media telling us we need to be doing most of which is guaranteeing to keep you stuck um.

So what you're going to get tonight my hope at least is the world according to. David uh if what. I say by the way couple couple of rules. First of all if if if cell phones going off in the middle of the event annoy you just pretend it didn't happen um if strong language or colorful metaphors offend you run streaming for the exits now because.

I promise you. I will. I will drop the f bomb at least two or three times tonight um if um. Politically.

Incorrect this offends you probably not a good place for you to be. I'm. I like to be uh very honest and forward. I tell things the way.

I see them. But. I give you guys complete permission to totally disregard anything. I say if it doesn't fit with what you're comfortable with does that make sense and.

I say that because one of the most traumatic classes. I ever took. And. I'll give you my bio in just a minute.

But one of the most traumatic class as. I ever took. Was a class on manifesting because one of the things that you have to do in order to bring events or people or or types of experiences into your life is you have to clear out the things that are keeping them from manifesting in the. First place and that's usually come on in and that's usually stuff that we don't realize is lurking below the surface and it's going to even.

But even though just like an iceberg we don't see the majority of what's going on there it doesn't mean it's not affecting us it doesn't mean it's not holding us back from certain things. So part a lot of of what. I had to do in in those manifesting classes was. I had to deal with my own [ __ ] okay.

Secret hidden influence. Technologies that's what that stands for all right. Um and sometimes that most of the time it's not. Pleasant now just because it's not pleasant doesn't mean it's impossible to do we're not going to we're not going to sit here and dig into your psyches and and dig up all the nastiness that happened in your life that's not what we're about.

But there are some things that we do need to understand about our nervous system about the way the universe or the the the non-local universe as the physicists like to call it works some of it will be familiar to you some of it will be different some of it may cause what we call in the. NLP circles or in the cognitive behavioral therapy circles cognitive dissonance what's coming out of my mouth and what seems to make perfect sense will clash with what you you know to be true and you'll be struggling to find out well how does this all fit into my worldview sometimes it does sometimes it doesn't do that make sense okay. Uh this means yes. I know the answer or.

I volunteer this means no. This means oh [ __ ] please don't call on me okay. Um. So let me tell you a little bit about.

M because it's all about me no. I'm just kidding my name is. David. Snider or.

David vanar depending on which. Niche you found me in some people find me uh in attraction relationship and dating and coaching niches some people find me in the hypnosis and hypnotherapy. World okay. And depending on which which genre you found my materials in you'll find me either under.

David vanar. David. Snider or sometimes. David.

X. But that's kind of fading away because that other. Seducer guy is decided to to co-op that um. I am a licensed acupuncturist in the state of.

California. I've been a licensed acupuncturist since about 2005 prior to that. I have about 20 some years in the hypnosis and. NP.

Fields. I am a certified energy healer in uh chronic healing chronic. Psychotherapy. Advanced.

DNA. Theta healing. I'm a raiki master. I was teaching come on in we have to put.

Nicky come in through the front. So. I. I can see you come in all right.

Can we open that back door. So people can can kind of come in it is open they just want to come in that way all right. I'll just make it easy for me um. I'm a certified trainer in.

NLP under. Dr. Richard bandler and the. Society of.

NLP. I teach my own come on in guys. I teach my own hypnosis and hypnotherapy classes um. I'm also a high level going in we have two seats just for you.

I'm a high level martial artist in multiple martial arts. I'm a. Chiang and energy healer uh body worker uh the. First course.

I ever put out on the market was a course that was designed to teach men women and couples how to have the most exciting thrilling and intimate and intimately powerful sexual and romantic life they've ever experienced it's a classic although most people have never heard of it um. But that was actually kind of how. I made my name. I didn't.

I. I wrote all these things simultaneously. I was also the uh president of. The.

Sleepwalkers. International now some of you are a little too young to remember. Sleep. Walkers.

International. But back in the early part of the decade it was the world's largest free. NLP hypnosis and self-help. Practice.

Group in the world we had chapters in. I think approximately 13 between 13 and 20 uh states and countries and basically what it was it was a group of people who are interested in. NLP hypnosis energetics for whatever application whether it was dating business success therapy whatever. But people who had lots of trainings come on in we won't bite um to come together roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills it's all about learning and practicing together to get better at the skills we have to get the life we want the way we want it and and that's kind of my mission for you you for you all here today my job is on one level to inspire you on another level it's to empower you to give you some some principles and some theories that.

I have found to be proven reliable in pretty much any situation or circumstance and give you some tools and techniques that you can start to. Custom. Design the life you want by your standards and definitions. I'm not here to pass judgment on on what you want to use these skills for that's between you and.

God okay. Yes. I do believe in. God twice certified ordained minister teaches men how to have better orgasms and women how to be more intimate and have fun it's all good here okay.

So that being said we have a pretty full house tonight tonight's class is on attraction. Mastery and again attraction covers a bunch of different stuff it could be uh attraction finding the right. Guy or the right. Girl it can be finding that right.

Opportunity manifesting that career change that promotion that pay raise more clients for your business doesn't really matter you'll find that a lot of the principles are the same and where they're different. I'll do my best to to kind of give you those little tweaks does that make sense. So what. I want to do is really really quick just.

So are we running okay. I want to thank. Chris and and. Steve these or.

Steve where. I get. Steve from um. James in the back there uh they're kind of my cohorts in crime.

Chris edits a lot of my videos and and uh. James. Chito back here is a a colleague of mine he also helped me co-. Trin in some of my.

Advanced certifications and things and. So if you have any questions about any of the things that. I'm going to be teaching you and showing you how to do tonight grab them and just have them run you through the drill or or whatever because they've forgotten more about my material that most people will ever learn. So starting at the back with.

Mr. Richard cinta back here what do you want to get out tonight what brought you here. LP little freshen up course little freshen up course on. NLP okay.

Well. I have some good news and some bad news tonight's class is not an. NLP class. But we will be using.

NLP to get a lot of the things we want do that make sense the nice thing is way most people approach. NLP it becomes very daunting becomes a very complex field my job is to make things simple to make them easy. So because if they're easy you're more likely to do them and if they if you do them you're more likely to get the result okay. What's your answer.

Jose. Jose what brought you here tonight uh thought what it's interesting like. I wanted to know more. I guess about what specifically about attraction ah there's that word attraction in what direction well you can say girls it's okay.

Well not that much. I married all right. So am. I it doesn't stop me from practicing attraction skills that's usually the reason how people stay married is they keep the attraction skills going that's a secret by the way one of the things that happens when you when you get married or you get into a long-term relationship is society has programmed these little switches in your head that change who you think you are in a given context for instance when you're dating it's the boyfriend girlfriend identity suit that we wear right.

Then we get fiance right. And the behaviors start to change a little bit don't they. Then we get married and all of a sudden now. I'm husband and wife right.

And all of a sudden the identities where we carry around how we relate to those people starts to change we sometimes we notice it sometimes we don't the secret to keeping your marriage is hot and vibrant is to date your wife because you need to be doing it stands to reason that if you did certain things that. God want to marry you in the. First place if you kept doing them you'd probably keep her feeling the same way all the ladies in the are going right. Okay.

That's one of the secrets. I do a lot of relationship. Co coaching a lot of. Attraction for both men and women.

I have some courses coming out in the near future on video um that explain some of this stuff in. Vivid detail just little tweaks little understandings that if you just put them back into the relationships you had they'd take off like a rocket they'd reignite. But we don't we get lazy we get complacent we buy into the socially programmed roles that. Society has nefariously plotted to install in you through movies books videos television.

But your name sir uh. Mike. Mike what can. I do for you today.

I am similar. I interested in. NLP and this a general conversation. So.

General conversation for what specific conversation law attraction okay. Very cool very cool we're going to do lots of that. Kirk. Kirk and uh.

I'm interested in. NLP hypnosis. I'm always fascinated with how the mind works just do things and not do things and you know how to get yourself to do what you want to do excellent we're going to cover lots of that stuff today. I got some really cool tweaks for you you're going to like it.

Marilyn. Hi. Marilyn uh. I am inist and.

I enjoy my work and. I always like to grow and. I think. I even chose this class before you pick the subject it's a great subject thank you and.

I'm here to learn cool well. I'm here to teach as much as. I can pour into your head sometimes. I wish.

I could actually pull a matrix and just plug into the back of your head and just download it right. To the hard drive. But give yourself some time uh sometimes. I get really too excited with some of the things.

I'm teaching and. I start spouting stuff a mile a minute and. I assume you have a certain level of knowledge that maybe you don't have cuz. I'm fortunately.

I'm a what we call a. CF. OCD control freak obsessive compulsive which means this is what. I do.

I geek out on this stuff. I really do. I really do what. I'm.

Cynthia and. I took. One class from you before and. I just really enjoyed your whole method of approach cool do you remember what the class was that you took.

No. Okay. I did my job. Then don't be surprised sometimes that was amazing what the hell did.

I just learn because. I'm. I do actually use hypnotic techniques on you or with you as. I'm teaching this to you sales sales oh okay.

I remember yeah yeah uh a lot of the stuff again we're talking about attraction right. So sales and marketing relationships you know promotions anything where you want to attract a specific set of circumstances into your life or keep a set of certain circumstances from keeping appearing in your life that's what we're talking about okay. How many people have things that keep happening in their life that they wish would just stop raise your hands that's the don't call on me move right. Okay.

We're going to show you how to find the reasons they're there and we're going to systematically give you the skill sets to remove them okay. Now to do that. I will have to go deeper into some of the. NLP aspects of things than some of you may have a foundation for that's okay.

I'll show you how to get that. Foundation as we go on tonight because. I got to reason. I go around with this this and.

Drew will tell you. I always do this with every group because even though you all read the same description letter there was something in that letter that resonated specifically to you something that you knew you would get out of tonight you found in there it hinted at something that you really wanted and. I want to make sure that by the time you leave here tonight you'll at the very least have a direction to go or even better the tools to start making that happen for you that's my goal okay. Because there's always more to learn it's not how much you learn it's what you do with the skills that you have okay.

Because if. I give you every book. On. NLP and video on.

NLP ever written and they sit on your mental come on in violet on in it's all right. Thank you and you don't do anything with them what good is it nothing. So one of the very. First exercises.

I'm going to. I'm going to share with you tonight was not developed from. NLP it was developed by somebody who was much more serious about winning the. USSR it's a core it's a technique it's.

I call it the procrastination hesitation. Blaster okay. The original the original technique as it was was uh created was called the echo magnet if you can find it it's it's in a book. Called.

Red. Gold uh which. Last time. I saw it unless you could get a copy on file share was selling for around 200 bucks on.

Amazon. But it's based on the system of autogenic training. Mind. Body training that the.

Soviet athletes were using to sweep the. Olympics in the early 70s and 80s okay. It's a very cool technique it's actually very easy. But you actually have to do it in order to make it work okay.

So that's one of the. First techniques. I'm going to be sharing with you tonight because it's designed when there's something you know you need to do. But you just don't want to and you know you need to get on it you pop this technique into the hard drive and it builds up an emotional push that gets you moving forward okay.

So that's one of the techniques we're going to cover. But. I want to get through everybody else and. Then we'll get into that.

I'm. Barbara hi. Barbara hello and cynthy was. So enthus about the session she attended that.

I decided to come along. But what. I'm really ready to attract are more clients to my private practice okay. And uh more participants to some workshops that.

I'm sponsoring excellent. So more participants. I'm good with that more more more that's really to if you really wanted to sum everything that we're going to do tonight into and why you're here it's either more more more or less less less there's more stuff we want and less stuff we don't want right. How about you.

I'm. Diana. I sort of. I'm curious and.

I saw. Barbara going. So. I know.

So overall curious. So we know who the social leader here is leadership is a good thing okay. And what do you want to get what do you take home tonight this the topic of. Attraction and all around business and just um just you know do you have your own business as well yes.

What can. I ask what you do. I'm a consultant in international standards oo that sounds really high-tech right. On.

I have some some really good uh stuff along those lines a little bit off the topic of this one. But. I think there's some they they flew us out to. Israel.

Last year to do a lot of uh high level uh. Consulting with. Essence security they were we had to work with their. R&D people we had to work with their.

VPS and we had to work with their sales and marketing department. So there's some things that might be useful for you there as well super. Drew just here to learn the tools. I'm glad to see you again you've been gone forever.

I've been gone yeah and who is this lovely young lady with you uh this is. Bri hi. Bri she's a sister of my colleague sister uh she wanted to check are you chaperoning him tonight is that what this is about or what making sure he doesn't try to parachute off his tops or like that oh we you're doing that again huh. Next time take the shoot with you.

So what do you want to get out of tonight. I'm really open to it all uh specifically how to apply these techniques to all aspects of life and seeing what can happen is there a favorite one you have in mind that you feel. I mean really it's kind of there's there's a lot there's there's um oh my na button just went off there's there's school uhhuh that's a big one um the ability to focus mhm um creativity creativity um and um getting out of anxiety mode to have more fun. I think that would be important o she just gave me a ton of information and and none of it is what she said.

First thing how many people have how many people have some background in. I know. Richard does how many people have some background in. NLP just.

So. I know okay. And how many people here are are therapists are doing something in those lines okay. One of the things that you want to understand for those of you who don't have a background in.

NLP is that human communication does not happen on just a verbal level it does not happen on just a linguistic level one of the things that that. Richard bandler and. John grind the people who created. NLP discovered was basically.

I mean and. I'm paraphrasing communication the way human beings do it is a hologram it's holographic. So while there are words coming out of my mouth there's also a tonal aspect to the things that. I'm doing there is a volume aspect to the things that.

I'm doing there is a speed aspect to the things that. I'm doing. But even beyond that the gestures that. I use where.

I place my hands as. I'm describing those things are marking out how my nervous system accesses that information okay. Now we flip that to the energetic side of things. NLP says we store all this information like a little bubble almost like a virtual everybody here ever see.

Iron. Man or. Mission imp where they're doing all that virtual reality stuff and they're sliding pictures in or even your iPhone where you're moving stuff around opening them up what do you think the idea for that really comes from it comes from your nervous system. So what you'll see a lot of times remember.

I was talking about being able to perceive on a different level the words coming out of a person's mouth are important. But not nearly as important as everything else. So when a person is talking about their focus and their creativity right. Right.

In their school and getting out of see she's getting that because. I'm giving her gestures back at her right. I don't. I.

I could just go like this and she knows exactly what that means right. Speak silent right. Because those gestures and the motion connected to it have a neurological meaning to her and the more of that. I can capture and give back to her the more powerfully her system must respond in terms of attraction that is the fundamental secret to getting anything you want people will do unto you literally how and what and the way they want to be done unto if you can elicit the right.

Level of information and give it back to them in the same way more often than not they will do what you want by default and it's complet completely ethical and completely honest because they're telling you this is how you make me happy just give me this and. I'll be happy. I'll do what you want and. I'll be happy doing it.

But we don't do that because cult. Society. Academia and whatever sales training we have programs us differently they say we have to give them a list of features and benefits and hopefully something will stick no. Usually the most powerful way to get somebody to do what you want is to listen to the words coming out of their mouth and give them back whether it's their y whether it's sales dating in relationships whatever the order and sequence of words coming out of a person's mouth is a direct mirror a direct copy of the structure of how they think where they gesture and the way they gesture as those words are coming out tell you what they're doing in their body that makes those feelings real does that make sense okay.

The problem we as human beings have as we move through the world projecting our own strategies our own theories our own way of doing things onto everyone around us and. Then making them and. Then making them wrong when they don't do it the way we do the secret to applying. NLP at whatever level you understand it is having the ability to put what you know aside and literally for the space of time being like a big white marker board and letting the person you're interact or people you're interacting with write on your marker board what's important to them and reflecting it back to them.

So that every time they look. At you or they interact with you they see themselves okay. That in a nutshell is what everything about. NLP is teaching us to do okay.

That being said there's the. First exercise that. I want to. I want to get into is the two things that you need to understand besides what.

I just said does anybody have any questions on that. I kind of got into a long dissertation. Jeff what do you want to get out of tonight uh mainly that. Echo magnet is going to be a big one if you got that you'd be good huh oh we're that's we're going to.

I'm going to show you stuff is going to blow that away. But it's really powerful okay. I had. I had.

I. I taught this once about two years ago and by the way. I teach this class several times a year. But every time.

I teach it it's different it's different because. I'm constantly refining getting fi reports and and looking for easier ways to make this useful for you do that make sense. So um there's two things that you need to be to have to understand that are missing from what any everybody here has seen the secret. I'm sure right.

Okay. I'm going to show. I'm going to teach you what they left out okay. It's going to on one level it's going to be amazingly simple because that's it and on another level it's going to be amazingly challenging for you okay.

The. First one is. I'm going to start with the easy one. First.

I think the easy one action you can do your affirmations all day long you can create vision board after vision board after vision board after vision board. But at the end of the day you don't get off your butt and do something nothing is going to happen well one thing will probably happen they'll come and take your stuff because if you don't do something to change the situation you're at the best that can happen is the situation you're in only stays the same the worst that can happen is it continues to get worse and worse until you have to do this better to choose to do it than not right. So on top of everything. I say add that do it just start and it doesn't have to be the right.

Action the human nervous system the human mind the human brain is the is the single most powerful goal achieving mechanism on the planet it has it's the it's it's the. The. Entity that created the global positioning system you know the thing that tells you how to course correct it created that which means it can probably do it too unless you only stay in one spot right. As one of my mentors.

Lisa sovich used to say the best global positioning system in the world can't help you if you stay in one place. So even if you're moving in the wrong direction just the act of moving gives you the ability to find the right. Way to go. So just get in the action get and make them small movement they don't have to be these big grandiose perfectly thought out actions you just have to get started like showing up at someone like me who's going to offend you speak.

Politically. Incorrect language at you and give you the tools that you can go out and use right. Sometimes the best thing you can do to a client. I don't know how many of you are hypnotherapists.

But sometimes the best thing you can do to a client is send them the [ __ ] home because some people will not change until they've suffered enough. I'm sorry we you know as healers we try to be caring loving condescending. But sometimes the most important thing we can do is send them away okay. I give you that for nothing because my my specialty clinically is emotional or is physical illness that has as it as it cause repressed emotion okay.

I don't get smoking patients. I don't get weight loss patients although. I will tell you. I have 100% success rate with weight loss.

But. I only get like four a year okay. Most of what. I get is incurable intractable pain that will not go away uh transplant organs that the memories of the of the of the donor start to bleed over into the mindsets of the people who receive them and they start craving junk food in their health food nuts hysterical paralysis cancer um those are the things that that.

I deal with on a on a pretty consistent basis. I'd like to say. I save everybody that comes to me for cancer no. I got about a 5050 okay.

Which is still better when you're terminal that's still pretty good all right. Um. So that's what. I don't.

I don't just do this you know for attraction and. I do this in the really hardcore stuff. I mean. I walk the talk okay.

So when. I tell you sometimes what you need to do is send them home nobody has had the courage and the honesty to do that for them and the do you send a smoker home. So you're not ready to change come back when you suffered enough that when you're really serious about it it completely changes their world view because up until that time they've had a strategy that they've been using on everybody they've gone to for help that has worked on the therapist and hypnotize them into trying to beg them to change as hypnotists as therapists you do not beg people to change you can't it won't happen all right. So take that for what it's worth there's now.

Translating that same mindset over to something like attraction in the pickup and seduction world the the. Pua industry there's a saying that people that the starving people never get fed if you move through the world begging somebody to give you something or you know you ever go to a bank when you have no. Money and ask for something do you do they give it to you right. But if you go in dressed like you have a million bucks and you can show them something that says.

I have a million bucks they're more likely to give you a million bucks it's the same concept little bit of a tweak. But it's the same mindset if you move through the world like if. I have this. I'll be somebody the world's not going to give it to you which brings us to the the.

Second aspect of what. I want to talk about and. I'm it's going to be a little bit drawn out. But you must have an identity that supports the experiences you want to have okay.

Identities a real quick and dirty way of saying identities is beliefs we also talk about values they're not the same. But they're they interrelate you have two sets of beliefs those you know about and those you don't know about it's usually not the beliefs we know about that keep screwing us up because if they were we would change them what is a belief does anybody know what's a belief something you accept as truth okay. Barbara what's a belief it sounded good to me what's a belief. I defer to the woman.

Jeff what's a belief uh just uh an internal understanding of the way something is or the way it works okay. Richard what's a belief. I'm getting ready for the. NLP speak is just something that you would die for you would die for tell you something about his values huh.

Marilyn what's a belief just a belief that you decide is yours a belief is just a belief that you decide is yours what was that name use the word that you're trying to. Define in the definition all right. I'm going to make it real simple for you this is again this is the world according to. David feel free to disagree.

But for the sake of tonight for the time we're together tonight act as if what. I'm saying might actually be true a decision at its most. Primal fundamental level. I'm sorry a belif at most.

Primal fundamental level is a decision about the way the world is based on the information you had at the time that's all it is. But if that's true why can't we just change it well truth is you can once you get rid of the emotions and the bad information that's keeping it in place. Hence we have two sets of beliefs those we know about those we don't most of the ones we don't know about were installed prior to the age of five most of it prior to the age of five you have no. Control over what gets written to your hard drive okay.

Sometimes it's even even a little. Beyond five. But usually when. I.

I do a lot of regression work in my in my my practice. I do a lot of other really cool stuff too. But usually when you when you find the seed of vent this the real reason that they're having huge eating issues or or um they're cutting or um you know. I hate to bring this up in this group in in this group.

But. I. I a lot of people wind up in my chair for one thing and. I wind up dealing with other things at the same time usually sexual abuse almost always before the age of five okay.

It's it's a sad it's a sad. Testament. But it you know that's reality okay. Um and there are things that that come out of that and there's a whole complex that we're going to talk about.

But there's beliefs we know about beliefs we don't know about just listen just go that far with it okay. Now. I'm going to give you a technique tonight it's. I didn't create it okay.

Uh a lot of the techniques that. I'm going to be sharing with you if. I created it. I'll tell you if.

I didn't create it. I'll tell you that too and. I'll tell you where. I got it.

I take credit for the synthesis not the source. I've had a lot of amazing teachers in my life and. I still seek out knowledge everywhere. I go highly recommend you do too there's a technique we're going to learn tonight called stems.

I'm going to teach it to you as a writing exercise if if we were going to do it clinically we would actually have the client in the chair and be how many people have heard of the stems technique. I know you guys have you've been my trainings forever okay. Uh. I have a piece paper.

I'm going to hand out in just a minute and we're going to walk through that because before we get into the echo magnet. I want. I want to make sure that when you leave here tonight even if you can't address it directly tonight you have a tool that you can go and start to really dig deep into why you believe the things you believe. So that you can use the tools.

I'm giving you to remove it and change it that make sense okay. You will use. NLP to do it you may use a little bit of of a hybrid uh techniques that. I've developed over the years that have worked really really fast uh cuz.

I'm lazy and uh. I'm kind of. I'm not real bright. Sometimes.

So. I just like things that are really like. But simple to do now. I can we can sum this up uh.

I. I. I stole this phrase from a woman named. Taylor.

Sinclair who is the founder of illuminent it's a fashion psychology program you can have anything in life that you want no. This is not. Zig. Ziggler although.

I admire. Zig you can have be or do anything in life that you want. But. First you must become the kind of person that those things can happen to which means the onus to change is on you okay.

If you want different results in your life you must change you not everybody else the beautiful thing about it is cuz. I'm lazy when you change you everyone around you changes too and that's not metaphysics by the way that's not pop psychology that's. Neuroscience. I will if you guys want.

I'll go into the long drawn out. SC. Neuroscience experiment they did that proves this won't be. H won't make some of you happy.

But it is what we found out neurologically what happens it's. Violet right. Violet what brought you here tonight my brother your brother brought you here tonight my brother. Lear.

NLP and he told me how powerful it is. I just want to check it up okay. So how many people here just wanted to find out more about. NLP and didn't care what the topic was raise your hands all right.

Very cool. So let's start with that one of the. First things we're going to do with. NLP is what are thoughts made of energy okay.

Take the energy model aside by the way. I'm big on energy whether you believe in energy or not doesn't really matter it'll still work. I happen to believe in energetics. I'm an acupuncturist.

I really can't not. But um even if you just think of energetics as a metaphor for neurological ones and zeros floating around your your nerves it will still work okay. So what are your thoughts made out of okay. We could say energy.

But actually on on a more practical level what are thoughts made out ofes huh impulses impulses okay. We're getting real. Primal there. But he's right.

Electrial impulses there's five building blocks that your thoughts are made of you ready visual auditory kinesthetic olda. Factory vatory period end of story okay. When you describe a thought when you have a thought it's related to you in these five sets of information okay. Well.

I say what about intuition intuition is a feeling okay. We're not saying we're not pigeon ho holding what these things are. But we need to understand that the building blocks of our thoughts and the building blocks that we use to communicate are the same five elements visual auditory kinesthetic old factory gustatory all right. Now within each of these big categories are little attributes like say we have visual for instance right.

So what would be some visual attributes that we might assign to something. Marilyn. I know you have one um shapes shapes okay. Color color excellent size size very good because.

Size. Matters especially to the nervous system okay. Just to show you that real quick how many people here are really good with feelings raise your hands if you're good with feelings here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to close your eyes. How do feel you want to feel really really good right. Now if you don't want to feel good. Then you're probably in this isn't the good.

Meetup for you right. I don't want to feel good. I can't to manifest o all right. I want you to do something for me right.

Now. I want you to think of the most wonderful sensation you've ever experienced in your body and you don't have to tell me what it is. So you can make it as wonderful and as juicy as possible by the way. I don't you don't have to believe in what.

I'm teaching you you just have to do what the hell. I say the ru no. It's. I'm serious those of you who do change work this was the biggest.

Epiphany. I ever had your techniques work as long as the person in your chair do the [ __ ] drill if they do what you say they'll get the result the only time it doesn't work is when they don't do what you say and we can take that even further. But the bottom line is if you just do it you take the actions you'll start to generate the results. So for those of you who really do want to feel good when.

I say close your eyes. I don't want to see this right. When. I see when.

I see. I see point to where you feel it in the body you go little problem there right. The secret to really really energizing even. NLP is getting the body involved okay.

And. I'm going to. I'm going to explode some. Miss on.

NLP as we get in there some of you these you'll know about some of you won't. But. I want you to close your eyes. And remember think of a time in your life when you felt the most wonderful sensation experience em.

I don't care what it is as long as it's an 11 on a 10 scale and now what. I want you to do is. I want you to do several things for me. I want you to imagine if you could that little hologram around you and you could reach out and touch the image of that wonderful experience just reach out with your dominant hand and touch it put your hand right.

Into it and notice what happens to the feeling as you put your hand into it now you probably notice that there's a place in your body where that feeling. Wells up from with your other hand. I want you to point to it good now as you look. At that feeling in your body you can put your other hand down.

I want you to notice there's a color associated with that feeling close your eyes. Point to your your body where you feel that feeling and look. At that energy with your inner eyes. Reach in with both of your hands pull it all out.

So it's in your hands and make sure it's all in your hands as you look. At it. I want you to notice make sure it's all in your hands cuz sometimes that [ __ ] hides did the color change or stay the same and notice it's moving in a certain direction notice what direction it's moving and what. I want you to do now.

I want you to do something really cool. I want you to grab it with both of your hands like you have two big handles on it and. I want you to physically take your arms and double the amplitude of the spin double the direction of the spin and double it again and keep doubling it and keep doubling it and keep doubling until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know it's impossible to go back to the way it was it can only get stronger slam it back in notice the change notice how good you feel. O.

Come. On. In. Marilyn's in heaven over there [Music] okay.

Now. I could see the people who are self-conscious and who weren't they're going here's the come on in the secret to making a lot of this stuff work especially. NLP style interventions you must get the body involved if all you do is play with pictures out here by the way how many people noticed they found that when. I told you to reach out and touch it your hand went right.

To the spot right. Guess what you all do it whether you're conscious of it or not that's where you you store that experience. But we went further with that once. I had you find it.

I had you reach in and touch it right. And. I wanted you to notice where in your body does that feeling start. So now we've done if we want to get all technical on it is we linked the proprioceptive projection of the experience to the semantic address the place in your body where you store the feeling how many people here do body work of any kind okay.

How many people have ever noticed when you've gone for deep maybe you've been the victim of this you've gone for a deep tissue massage and they hit a a certain spot and all of a sudden trauma comes from when you were 12 or you start. B people start bursting into tears or laughing or whatever it's because every emotional experience that we have that we do not resolve fully get stuck somewhere in the soft tissues of the body okay. That is a process that the nervous system does you are hardwired for it you can't not do it since that's what the body does. Anyway it's also one of the primary ways that you attract things into your life by the way when we connect what's out here to what's in here we light up more and more areas of the brain the more areas of the brain that you get fired up and absorbed in the experience.

I don't care about hypnosis. I care about absorption how many people here weever children you were never a child obviously how many people were ever a child. I get nervous people go you trying to do something to me boy. I know it right.

I you were you were you a child once yes. Oh okay. So were you like a tom boy or a tom girl. I'm a tom boy yeah.

So like if. I asked like what you played at like did you play. Cowboys and. Indians cops and robbers.

Soldier what what was your what was your game. Hide andek hide-and seek right. On did you ever play pretend with anybody oh yeah what' you like to. PR pretend at a lot of pretend house house okay.

So what was your role if you don't mind my asking. I was usually the youngest one there. So. I had to be the baby oh.

I bet that pissed you off that time okay. Remember when you what did you play at when you were little pretty similar you were the baby too well no. I was um middle. Tri middle child okay.

And it was a combination of girly girl and tomboy. So it' be like while in dress and clip on earrings and playing in mud hiding and okay. Go seeking. I like those synergistic approaches do you ever play dolls yeah okay.

And you remember when you were sitting there maybe you played teacups and you you maybe you the. Queen of. England or with some heighty toyy thing you had the little pinky sticking out on the teacup right. And you knew in the.

First five minutes that you were having a conversation with a doll right. You have a conversation with your doll or your teddy bear and you knew even at 5 years old or where how old you are it's a teddy bear for the. First 5 minutes and. Then about 6 and 1/2 minutes.

Later maybe a little bit longer a little less the teddy bear is answering back you're asking about its day it's telling you you're having this long drawn out conversation and you're having a ball would that be true for most of you you guys. I know you guys didn't play with teddy bears right. You're all playing soldiers or what right. What' you play at kir uh probably do some.

War things like that war things okay. And you when you picked up that stick in the backyard right. That it was just a freaking stick for the. First 5 minutes and.

Then about 6 minutes. Later there's real bad guys behind the tree it's no. Long it's it's now an. M60 you're.

Rambo and you're going hunting right. And you're dodging bullets and you're rolling and you're chucking you're. D you're killing the bad guys right. Were you asleep were you focused were you absorbed in the experience were you in control well you having a ball that's what we want we want absorption in the experience to the degree that you create absorption in the experience you can generate any phenomena you want that my friends in hypnosis terms in.

NLP terms is what we call depth of trance it's not about being vegetative your chair it's not about being comos it's not about being out of control it's about giving yourself permission to play pretend to become completely absorbed and focused in that experience. So you can enjoy whatever you want how many people ever. G have ever gone to see a movie it's like why is he asking me this stupid [ __ ] right. It's not stupid it's important you remember you walked into the theater right.

You found your chair you got your popcorn. Maybe your your diet soda you know. I never felt there that popcorn and diet soda you know you sat down in the chair right. Put your stuff down you're all settled making sure your cell phone's off making sure the guy behind you cell phone's off the lights go down can you tell me at what moment you became absorbed in the picture in the movie cuz if you could you're lying to me that's what we want when you go through these exercises when you do these techniques just do that does that make sense don't worry about whether you're hypnotized it's [ __ ] you don't need it two things we modulate as hypnotist as neural linguistic programers absorption in the experience and focus of attention to the degree that you have it you can generate any trance phenomena you want okay.

That's what's going to give you success in anything because whether you're selling to a group of people or oneon-one whether you're trying to attract the ideal person let me ask you a question how many people have ever been in love. I shouldn't ask this. But when you were in love with this person were you really absorbed in their presence were you really focused did reality kind of change a little bit right. Trance is an emotion emotions are transes any emotional state taken to extreme becomes a powerful trance your body is designed to pull experiences into your life that generate those feelings not the events it doesn't it doesn't go in like an.

NP they have this thing where they they create this event we put it in our timeline we talk about timelines in a minute. But it's not the event itself that's important it's just a tool it's the feeling that that tool creates that we go for that's what the body is drawn to one of our five sentences the most powerful of our our five senses. I believe is our sense of kinesthetics our sense of feelings. So the more we can access feelings here the more everything else shifts.

Okay. So you must become the kind of person that these things can happen to how do you do that you change the way you feel you learn to modulate your feelings and create the feelings within you for what you want to have happen for what you want to experience and if they're programmed in properly your internal. GPS will seek out events and situations that re-trigger those feelings and you'll start to have more and more of the things that you want getting pulled into your life pretty much automatically okay. Doesn't mean all the.

NLP techniques and things that they do are bad it means that if we add this one element this whole concept of feelings stored in our bodies and plug that in our nervous system our brain must seek to bring our internal environment in balance with our external one and it will change you subtly it will change your perceptions it will change the things you focus on it will even start to change the things you believe to make that reality true for you inside and outside that's what it does does that make sense okay. So let me give you this. First this. First exercise this is not something we're going to have time by the way does anybody need a bathroom break.

I've been talking for a long time does anybody need to go potty potty okay. You have to go no. I don't have to go. I will.

I. I'm telling you right. Now. I will talk for 6 hours.

I. I have no. No. Problem.

I. I tot. I geek out on this stuff seeing you guys transform is the reason. I stand up here.

I'm really this is this is the paperwork this is called the stems technique. I did not create this uh the. First time. I'd heard about this was from.

Jerry. K one of my mentors um he's since retired. But if you can get copies of his vide especially those of you who are doing hypnotherapy uh. I highly recommend it these these sentences on this page are only examples now this is in hypnosis and.

NLP terms what we call an uncovering technique an uncovering technique is a way to kind of bypass the [ __ ] for lack of a better word in in in the therapy world where. I spend a lot of time as well as the other areas we have this thing commonly called the present presenting problem basically what that means is the the problem that somebody comes to you for is never the real problem it's just what they think the problem is okay. This is happens consistently enough that it's pretty much you can generalize it to people who are okay. All right.

Who are functional. But basically like for instance a lot of times. I'll get people who come in and they have performance issues and when. I say performance it has nothing to do with sports unless you consider certain things.

Sports. Somebody went there all right. So what they'll come in what they'll fill out.
