Title: Secrets of Face Reading Revealed - How to read anyone instantly!
File Name: L3CFTsEAyuw.txt
Video Id: L3CFTsEAyuw
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3CFTsEAyuw

Spend the. Next couple hours sharing this amazing world with you. So we'll see you in just a couple minutes take care hello hello hello my friends welcome to face reading secrets revealed i'm your host dr david snyder i want to welcome each and every one of you to what i think is one of the most amazing cool and practical skill sets i've ever had the privilege to learn it has been the gateway to. So many discoveries and.

So many insights and understandings into human beings and i'm really excited to be able to share the. Next few hours with you now um if in case you missed my pregame warm-up um. First thing i want to to share with you is again if you're used to the classic one-hour or 90-minute webinar that is not what's happening here today the process we use in planet david is what is known as a free-form webinar comes in three parts. First part is foundations some of the real coolest stuff the most powerful stuff the stuff you can take out into the world and use right.

Away that lays the foundations for even more powerful stuff in part three of the webinar part two of the webinar is going to be where i take you how to teach you how to level up a package and a training set of training programs that we've put together that we're going to give you the opportunity to participate in if that's something you want to do the. Third part of the webinar is where we're going to circle back to what we started teaching we're going to teach more uh that builds on part one of the webinar. So if if i highly encourage you if this is your. First time in planet david there's a few things i want to get out of the way really really quickly.

First and foremost if you this is your. First time in planet david i need you to type your name and where you're checking in from into the chat box and if you know off the top of your head what is it you most want to be able to do as a result of the content you're going to be exposed to and learning in uh in tonight's webinar if you could take it you know if there was one thing that you could be able to do as a result of following instruction and getting the material in this webinar what would it be just go ahead and type it in the chat and trust me i do look. At those things right. Now i don't have time to look.

At every single thing. But the reason that i ask this is because i want you to begin to automatically start thinking about how you can use this material to better benefit your life okay. So that's the. First thing if you are a veteran of planet david if you've been be bopping around planet david for six months or longer and have actually used the content or the techniques in our systems and have gotten powerful results i need you to type your name how long you've been in planet david and where you're checking in from the reason is like i said before you're going to have questions and that's okay.

I love questions and if you were in my live event i would spend hours answering your questions because you did the one thing that most people won't do they won't get off their butt and show up and that's okay. Right. Here we have to be a little bit more disciplined we have to be a little bit on track. So there's three ways that you can get your questions answered today.

First type it in the chat and if i see it and it's relevant to where we are in the webinar i'll i'll answer it i have no. Problem with that if it's not relevant i may decide not to answer it. But if you feel that i just might have missed it and it is relevant to where we're at keep typing it in the chat now that's my judgment call. However those of you who are veterans of planet david if you've been if you've been around five six seven months a year years ten years some of you've been with me 15 16 years right.

Back when i was teaching classes of six people in a little community center somewhere right. If you have experience and an answer to the question you see that the new people are asking in the chat please feel free to reach out to them and answer those questions now you guys expect i'm the guy on the webinar you expect me to have an agenda right. But the people who've been coming back and using these techniques and these technologies for years and years the only agenda they have is to learn more stuff and they want to help and that's what's cool about the community in planet david. So the.

Third way to get your question answered is obviously uh when the replay for this video becomes active which may there may be a little bit of a delay because apparently the the mute button wasn't quite working and i was playing my pre-game music and some of the copyrighted music i was playing may have gotten get picked up by youtube's filters and put me in time out until i edit that part out. So i don't know if it's going to be immediate. But check back as soon as you can and. Then and.

So just and what i do is um for every new piece of content that i put out i make it a practice to go back over that content in the comments section in those contents for several weeks afterwards making sure i answer the questions you know making sure that there's no. Spam and you know anything that's going to take away from your learning or whatever if i can answer the question i'll type your answer right. In there if i can't answer it i'll tell you that too and i'll point you in the direction of where i think you should look. To get that information uh and that answer that you're looking for.

So that being said if here's my standard disclaimer if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your. Next two or three hours okay. However if you are looking to gain deeper insight into people how to help people help yourself and really become a more fully functional self-actualizing person and move towards the very best version of yourself this is probably going to be going to be some of the best hours you spend now you're going to need some a pen you're going to need some paper there's a lot of stuff i'm going to share with you now a lot of the graphics that i'm going to be sharing with you are copy written. But you can find them in my in the book.

That i use in my classes which is face reading and chinese medicine uh by lillian pearl bridges she was my face reading teacher and um even though she passed on. Last year her book. Will be and and will continue to be uh the required textbook. For all of my trainings going forward whether they're classical or whether they're focused on specific applications that being said you know if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn about face reading even with three hours we have time for this.

So my personal commitment to you is i will teach you as much as i can in the. Next two or three hours i will take you as far down the face reading rabbit hole as humanly possible and i will show you where to go for more is that fair trade if you think that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat cool excellent all right. So let me go ahead and lock into my standard presentation um the question that a lot of people ask especially if you're new is who the heck is dr david and and why should i care um. First of all i am in fact a doctor of traditional chinese medicine i have a doctorate from uh pacific college of oriental medicine let me see if i can find my powerpoint uh really quick here because i think somehow or another got it got minimized or something oh there it is behind all my other windows hold on a.

Second let me do this for you okay. So who the heck is dr david why should i care. First and foremost i am in fact a doctor of acupuncture in chinese medicine i'm also currently working on my my doctorate certificate in chinese energetic medicine which is the equivalent of being a chi gong doctor. So i'm learning tremendous amounts of stuff um that are confirming everything we've been doing clinically for the.

Last 15 years and i've had a a a an operating clinic in solana beach california with my partner dr don liu since 2005 where we've specialized specifically me uh in treating physiological illness that is rooted in repressed emotions. So while many people with a background in hypnosis or nlp they'll treat things like weight loss or smoke cessation nail biting things of that nature the clients i tended to get were usually suffering from very very prolonged deep chronic and often terminal illness and. So what we had to do was we had to figure out a way to access those repressed emotions and help them to release them and in the process of doing that we discovered. So many things about human behavior the thing how people think and create their own emotions and manifest their own illnesses that it really started to significantly change the way i taught my other classes which was all about influence and that's what brings us to our.

Next step in 2020 um for those of you who don't know i'm i've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence i kind of make a little play on words uh if you look. At this this is uh this is a copy of my global gurus bio this is where i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org in 2020 and i've been in the top two for the. Last five or six years and. So i consider myself a specialist in human influence technologies and that technology can be used for anything from attraction and dating to healing terminal and chronic illness anything that that allows people to exert and take more control of their lives is a technology that i wholeheartedly embrace and do my best to to help people learn and optimize.

But this is again i was recognized in 2020 as the number one nlp trainer of the year uh this is a copy of a letter from global gurus we've actually got one for 2022 as well. But this is the one from 2020 and it says dear dr david it's a great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for neuro-linguistic programming aka nlp and if you look. Here is actually a copy of that page now why am i talking about nlp because nlp was actually my. First introduction to the art science and study of human behavior it was my my approach to learning about this thing about being able to watch a person's subtle eye movements um eyelid fluttering facial colorations things of that nature that told me that what the body is old that the body is always always answering before the mouth speaks and when you understand that a lot of what i'm going to teach you over the.

Next two or three hours is going to fall into context because when people talk about face reading they often uh they often talk think about micro expressions which was create which was discovered by a guy named dr paul ekman and we're going to touch on that throughout the course of this webinar. But some other things i'd like you to know is i'm also a 10th degree black belt in an art called riku kempo karate i have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao the. Second degree black belt in kosho kempuru. First to be black belt in funkuru jujitsu i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema cinco manuscrima uh modern ernest my energy credentials will not fit on the slide.

So i just stopped at qigong. But i've been a reiki master since the early 90s since before reiki was cool i've been a practicing kabbalist since uh before madonna ever heard of kabbalah. So i'm very much a prima donna i'm also certified in advanced chronic healing and psychotherapy advanced dna i'm certified in the bankston healing system and many many many many many many many different forms of qigong including chinese energetic medicine which is how to prescribe certain qigong energies uh for certain elements and maladies and things like that. So when people hear me go through this laundry list and they hear me talk about all these different things i've done the.

First thing that a lot of people they the. Second thing actually the. First thing they ask is what all these things have in common and that's pattern recognition you see everything that human beings do as a structure everything that human beings do follows a sequence of events and effects and if you understand how to recognize those patterns. Then human beings and the universe around you actually becomes very very very very very very very very predictable what does that have to do with reading faces well pretty much everything because human beings when they process emotions process them in a very similar way and they store them in very similar locations that can be seen on the face and.

So by understanding the topography of the face that understanding is based on a structure and a set of patterns that the chinese have spent literally almost three thousand years or longer studying and i found it to be consistent from human being to human being to human being the nice thing is thanks to things like artificial intelligence big data things like that a lot of the discoveries about subtle facial cues and markings that were in these old systems are now actually starting to become verified especially in regards to narcissistic behavior things of that nature obviously it's talking about those studies is going to take us way way off a way far afield than we might want to go. But they are out there and it's pretty cool that more and more studies are coming out about how uh markings and the topography of the skull in the face can significantly predict emotional behavior temperament things of that nature. So is this is this the right. Place for you now yeah obviously face reading is very very interesting.

But what can you really do with it. So i'm going to ask you a few questions and if you can answer if if any of these apply to you. Then go ahead and type that's for me or that's me or i want that in the chat and uh we'll go from there how many of you would like to be the most fascinating person in a room when you walk in how would you like how would it be if you had every person in the room lining up to talk to you and finding you super attractive and often irresistible would that be useful face reading will let you do that on the flip side of that what if you had an early warning system that when someone approached you with amorous intention you could look. At their face and little red red lights and flashing bells with a goal and say oh hell no.

Would that be a useful skill to have okay. That is also what some of this will help you to do would you like to be able to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate confidence and assertiveness and power wherever you go would you like to literally have people hanging on your every word would that be something you'd enjoy okay. Then you're in the right. Place would you like to be more successful in your business pursuits make more money at work get a job promotion build better teams close more sales would that be something that will be helpful face reading will help you do that in spades all right.

I mentioned earlier if you'd like to protect yourself from potentially manipulative people face reading can give you some early warning signs that can significantly lower uh your casualty rate when it comes to getting into bad situations or relationships like i said prior to you know my go-to technique for personality profiling for many years was handwriting analysis. But because we don't handwrite anymore it became less and less relevant it was harder and harder to get copies of their their handwriting when i discovered face reading it's like the whole universe just opened up. So there's a tremendous amount of power that goes with this would you like to be able to give your here's again we won't be covering it in this webinar directly. But i will touch on it what if you could actually get up every morning look.

At yourself in the mirror and know the the state of your organs in your physical your physical well-being what if you could actually look. At your face certain areas and actually know what's going on where you need more energy where you're working too hard where where all those things would that be useful face tweeting is actually was was actually derived from that practice. So literally face everything from the state of your internal organs to your spiritual level of uh integration can be seen through the face. But everything we're going to be teaching you here today is all about practicalities all about things that we need to live in a society.

So again um let me see if there's anything else on my list of of this is for you if stuff um well there's lots of other things we could go through. But how many of you answered at least three or more things show of hands just type me in the chat how many of you had three or more things that you wanted when i started going down that list all right. You guys want to stay and pay real close attention i'm going to go back to my powerpoint really quick. So here's the deal if you hang out with me and you stay with me until the end of this webinar here's my personal promise to you i will teach you the most powerful and effective way to read and understand yourself and other human beings in the shortest amount of time possible i will teach you how to understand by looking at the face how to elicit a profile that gives you a baseline of a person's personality and their temperament i will show you how to look.

At their face and know where they're holding on to traumatic memories and events and histories i will teach you how to gauge people for their sexual and romantic compatibility how to read personality and temperament and ultimately how to become a master of people reading and human influence remember if reading people is one thing. But if you don't know what to do when you read them you're kind of stuck. But the other thing is also true being able to influence people is good. But if you don't have the ability to look.

At somebody and determine if they're moving towards what you want them to do or away from what you want them to do you're kind of flying blind. So the the best approach is to have both and that's what we're going to do. So here's what we're going to do today before we jump into our. First big piece i want you to take a moment and make sure you have something to write on something to write with um i would also like you to make sure that while i know a lot of you like to type i want to let me jump out of this real quick i know a lot of you like to type things on your keyboard and that's fine.

But what i've discovered through my studies with grapho analysis and graphotherapy is that when you physically write these things out they impact your system much more deeply. So i'm going to recommend and again it's your choice i'm not the i'm not the note-taking cop. But i want you to physically write these things out for me okay. We're going to do a couple of drills that kind of prime your neurology to really tap into this material and use it.

But what i want you to do right. Now for the. First part of that drill is i want you to actually go back to that exercise i had you start with at the beginning of the webinar if you could take away one or two things that would get you what you want from this webinar and you use those things and you got it what would that be right. So the.

First thing is type that in the chat for my records the. Second thing is write it on the piece of paper in front of you we're going to do a drill together i do this with every webinar and whether it's an influence webinar uh webinars on how to reprogram your subconscious mind uh or especially these kinds of drills or these kinds of content what we want to do is we want to get your your unconscious mind and your neurology emotionally fired up and wired to do and practice these materials. So this drill is going to help you do that. So write down what you want to be able to do once you die look.

At that read it to yourself out loud close your eyes. And imagine you now have that ability and i want you to write down the answer to this question important about that whatever comes up. First impression use the exact words not in the chat box write it on your paper what's important about that if you got those those core techniques that would allow you to do like some people are asking about how to pick up deception okay. Let's say you got that all right.

Now now you've got the ability to pick up deception what's important about that write that answer on the sheet in front of you whatever it is i'm not i'm not going to ask you to type it in i just want you to notate it because i want you to experience something powerful right. And because this is actually one of the ways that you get people fired up to do whatever you want them to do all right. Now as you look. At the answer.

So you ask me using the lightest set detection just detection example. So i now know how to detect deception what's important about that um maybe it's i feel safe now or i i feel more confident whatever it is you wrote it down right. Now ask yourself this the question about the answer what's important about that. So you've learned how to detect deception now you feel safe and confident what's important about feeling safe and confident write the answer to that question below that below this.

First answer and notice what you feel as you you hear that answer in your mind and you write it down this is going to help me avoid an arcs very good. So kerry's saying very happy balanced powerful now using kerry's example now that you've got the ability you've got the ability to detect deception you feel safe and confident you feel happy balanced and powerful ultimately what does that do for you hector says the ability to sell constantly what's important about being able to sell constantly consistently hacker write those answers down. So she should have three basic answers to the what's important about question if you've done all three type done in the chat oh wait good very good perfect okay. Now here's what i want you to do let me let me kind of model this for you take your notes stand up if you're driving don't do this if you're driving or operating heavy equipment don't do this while the car is moving or in drive or anything like that right.

Right. So i want you to just look. At the answers to your the three answers to your question and here's what i want you to do i want you to read them out loud five times just stand up read them out loud before you read them take an inventory of how you feel inside okay. Stand up look.

At your answers read them out loud five times as strongly as you can and when you're done type done in the chat go ahead and do that now go carol's done good danielle says done daily is done do the exercise guys come on elaine says done perfect that says done on youtube great excellent as you continue now take a minute type in the chat what changed in your body when you read those answers out loud what what changed in your body felt stronger stood taller felt powerful my back came up joy perfect you just learned the most important thing about getting humans to want to do what you want them to do everything human beings do is in response to a feeling those feelings are triggered by certain parameters and when you can effectively elicit those emotional triggers and link them to what you want them to do people will desire whatever you offer now i'm teaching you this. So that you can motivate yourself anytime you you're bothered by procrastination anytime you are you see this herculean number of things you got to do all you got to do is remember stop focusing on the task and what it's going to do for you what's going to get you does that make sense and the way you do that is by imagining you have the outcome and asking yourself these very simple questions what's important about and write the answer you guys notice when you read those things out loud you got really excited or you got this this your neurology just kind of woke up yes. Or true not true go ahead and type in the chat okay. Good all right.

That being said i want you to take those feelings and the outcomes that they grant and link them to everything i'm going to teach and tell you to do in this webinar because. First thing we're going to talk about and by the way the name of what you just did is called the emotional motivation checklist okay. Once you understand that that simple what's important about question three levels deep and you use their exact words people will automatically want to do what you want them to do it's crazy how it works. But you can also use it on yourself and that's what this webinar is about does that make sense this will give you such insight into how you move through the world in your sense of what's desirable and what isn't it also teaches you if you really get machiavellian it teaches you how to make people you don't want your life to go away okay.

So that being said since we're on this idea of motivation and getting people to do what you want them to do let's talk about the. First aspect that when i started studying face reading i found to be the most nuclear and that was how people actually make decisions what if you let me ask you let me preface this with a question what if the three questions davor are are just what's important about one what's important about two what's important about three that's it what do you want what's going to do for you what's important about and just go down three levels deep um i've got my volume pretty much maxed out bill. So i think it's probably on your end um that being said. So when we look.

At the face if you could look. At somebody and know exactly what kind of information to give them. So that they would be most likely to to process that data in the way that's useful for them to most easily do what you want them to do would that be helpful like if you could look. At somebody and know that they need they need all the facts and figures in science and look.

It's one other person said if you give and know actually look. At them if you gave them the facts and figures in science that they would be bored off their ass and just say no. Out of default that's where we're going. First remember what i'm giving you is a very clean linear distillation of the many many aspects of face reading that i learned focused on the one aspect that you're all here for understanding yourself.

But also influencing yourself and others and. So the. First thing we want to look. At is what we call the three zones of the face the.

First the. First zone which is from the eyebrow to the top of the head is known as your your data driven zone or your mental zone right. I'm going to show you a diagram in just a minute people who have and i i'm a perfect example this is why i'm showing it to you if you look. At my face from the profile you can see that i have a very very very high very very large upper zone this is somebody who is a data collector my good friend uh and business partner brandon who's actually in the background operating this webinar uh he's a textbook.

Data driven person every time i ask him a question he answers me with a spreadsheet okay. So if you go if you see people with very very high very very deep foreheads like this and you come at them with all the reasons why they're going to love it you know how much they're going to love it. But you don't supply any data to support it they're going to say yeah yeah whatever show me that show me the show me the research right. So middle zone are all about pragmatic people people with a larger middle zone and we'll we'll we'll dive deeper into this the zone is from the eyebrow to the base of the nose right.

At the philtrum here people with a much larger in proportion to each other if you have a much higher upper zone or the zone here is bigger these people are pragmatists these are people they want they want to know basic question what's it going to do for me what's it going to let me do how is it going to make my life easier right. If. So if this is if you if you look. At the three zones and the.

Third zone sends from the base of the nose to the chin if you look. At these three zones and you see one is obviously bigger that's their lead system that's the one you lead with right. A great way to test this is how many of you live anywhere near a tech campus like a qualcomm or google or an apple or something that where a lot of tech oriented people sciency people hang out go to that campus at lunchtime and look. At the foreheads you will see this this preponderance of high four-headed humans okay.

Now. Next lunchtime go to an mma gym or fitness center or places where triathletes hang out and look. At the jaws you will see a significant a certain body type will emerge that dictates what activities people tend to gravitate towards now that doesn't mean that people with big jaws can't have a strong data side it doesn't mean people with a strong data side can't have a strong physical side. But you will see i'm going to name them now i'm going to name them all in just a moment.

But you will see as you look. At the different zones you will see a sequence and we're going to talk about how to use that sequence in just a moment has what i've shown has what i've taught you've been useful. So far if you think it's been useful type it in chat yes. That's me i'm cool with that all right.

So before we get into the data side of things how many of you would like to be up to 30 percent better at everything you do anybody yeah excellent here's how you do it all you need to do is take on and maintain a fun playful curious attitude as you move through the world and you will be up to 30 percent better at everything you do and that particular statistic comes from research from a very very easy going very very laid back profession where nothing's at risk it's called hostage negotiation yes. I said i was being facetious what the fbi researchers discovered was that when the hostage negotiator entered into those interactions with the hostage taker and they had a laid back easy going playful energy almost a playful energy i don't know how playful you could be in a hostage situation what they did discover was that the negotiator was up to 30 31 if i remember lost correctly 31 more aware 31 more adaptable 31 percent more intelligent made better decisions. But the best part i think if that wasn't good enough the best part was their counterpart the hostage taker was actually up to 30 to 31 percent more compliant is that useful right. Yeah again i again i'm just quoting stats and today.

But here's this thing you have to train that right. A lot of i can say it you just be fun and playful. But it's a skill set you have to train and we teach you that in our classes. But i want you to wrap that attitude around this information and play in your mind all the different ways that you could use it because the more you play with it in your mind the more rapidly you'll start to actually use it out in the field and that's that's the other thing i want i want to share with you before we jump into the deep data the fastest way to learn none of this is to try to learn all of it.

So focus on the things that come super easy super fast take them out into the world and play with it master it come back add another piece that's how you do it. So let's look. At decisions once again. So i'm going to go ahead and share my screen okay.

So what you're seeing here is what i just described there are three basic zones your upper zone is known as your your your mental area please ignore the little heaven and earth things that's for people who are trained in chinese medicine it really has no. Relevance to anybody who is not a practitioner. So we try to make this a little bit more linear right. So people with a very high forehead are very very data driven right.

So you want to present the facts the figures the research to them and. Then follow up with the other two zones a larger middle zone indicates somebody like i said before who is very pragmatic and the question they want answered is what is it going to do for me right. And you want to be able to answer that question and again if you see that that particular part of their face is the biggest compared to the other three that's what you want to lead with and. So what i'm saying is everybody has a data side everybody has a pragmatic site everybody has an emotional or instinctive side and once again just to kind of close this loop if you see that their jaw is the biggest you know from the base of the nose to the chin line is much more prominent the biggest part of their face in proportion to the other three.

Then you always lead with the emotions of how much they're gonna love it how much they're gonna be grateful that they did this and. Then you look. At the other two zones and based on the relative sizes of those zones you present your information. So let's let's let's do a couple examples.

So we'll call the the this is zone one this is zone two this is zone three. So let's say that um i look. At somebody and the. First thing i notice is they have a huge upper zone.

So their head kind of looks like this right. So if this is the upper zone this is our one this is our two this is our three when i look. At this person this tells me that the. First thing i have to do is give them the data and.

Then explain what it'll do for them and. Then tell them how much they're going to love it. But what if the opposite i see the opposite what if they have a big lower zone slightly smaller middle zone this would be a very weird shaped head. But i have seen them.

So this is obviously bigger this tells me i lead with how much they're going to love it what it'll do for them and. Then the data that supports it. So what this gives you is a sequence of presentation okay. It's just like in in the old nlp world they would say people are either towards or away from well that's not actually true they're both it's just a question of which one do they do.

First when we start looking at at the zones of the face that's what we want to look. At right. Where where are they dominant what. Second what's.

Third and how do i rearrange the information that i'm going to present. So that they're more likely to do what i want them to do. So in this case 312 that would look. Like this.

So three big lower zone big upper zone smaller middle zone right. These people once again you got to tell them how much they love it give them the data to support it and what it will do for them right. So it's the same it's the same data sets just different sequences right. And.

Then of course you can extrapolate 213 right. So in a two one three this per this would be your. First one and this would be the. Second one this would be the.

Third one shirley's asking what if all three are the same size great question a lot of times the differences between the relative sizes let me go back to facing you a lot of times the differences in the relative sizes of the face are. So minute they're very hard to tell if you got up there and used like a straight edge or something you could probably find my new differences what you're going to see many times is that these people often have a hard time making a decision because there there's different parts of them are. So in balance with each other that they have the same gravitas they have the same weight to them my approach is because i teach influence i pay attention to the words that they use i use the words that come out of their mouth which almost always hit their processing sequence. But i almost always start with what it's going to do for them because at the end of the day human beings are looking to solve problems if you if you look.

At the neuroscience of how we process emotions positive and negative events being equal your nervous system assigns a gravity of four to a negative experience and a gravity of one to a positive experience. So by default your neurology is trying to to to get away from things or to fix things because it has more energy to it because of that i will tend to go with the pragmatics side if i can't accurately judge the zones i'm going to go with pragmatics because as i go with and again if i remember the emotional motivation checklist that's going to be your your goal right. There because you don't need face reading if you have that. But if you have both one can be used to confirm the other.

But i start with what it's going to do for them right. What's important about question usually taps into the pragmatic side and also taps into the emotional side and. So you're never going to go wrong with that most people will run one screaming from data unless they have a naturally high forehead. So i would lead with either the emotion or the pragmatic side tap into their emotional motivation checklist and see where that takes you you're never going to go wrong using the emotional motivation checklist does that make sense natalie says if i put different zones into practice after leading with my emotions over data can my face change over time yes.

What you will discover as you get deeper and deeper into the the art from a chinese medical perspective is that as your emotional makeup and emotional health changes as your values shift uh as your lifestyle changes the relationships that you have change your face will change also matter of fact many of my face reading students uh when they're going through a certification one of the. First things i tell them is that when you unpack a person's emotional feature and you release the emotion that that is signaling right. Many times right. Before your eyes.

That feature will change the wrinkles will disappear the foreheads will get higher eyebrows will pop out and just like me the. First time that that um i've i heard lillian say this is that yeah the face will change right. In front of you and i was sitting in the back of the room going and. Then i got into a face reading class and lillian at the end of the class lillian would bring in people right.

Off the street and as a fledgling face reader you had to sit down and they would take a before picture right. And it would be the same wall same lighting and. Then you'd do the face reading and. Then you had they'd have an after picture same lighting same walks that you could never get the smile off your face afterwards and.

Then after everybody went home lily would put the pictures right. Beside each other on the screen and they were different faces and i was like holy crap that you know again it was one of those things where until you see it it's just not real. But when you start doing this and you actually help people start resolving their emotional stuff which we're going to talk a lot about emotions in this training today that's one of the most useful things i found aside from the decision making and the data-driven processes i found the emotional map of the face to be the most immediately useful for both persuasion and influence as well as um therapy because i'm a healer you know by trade and. So that's what we're going to play with uh would you guys like to learn more about how to see emotions on the face yes.

Yes. Okay. Hold on a. Second i've got way too many messages in chat okay.

Very good all right. Any questions about the three zones yes. Or no. If you have them now's a good time to ask jeffrey's asking how do you overcome a suspended actually jeffrey if you look.

I think you asked this question earlier and i actually answered it uh before the webinar started it's in the it's in the chat. So i answered you by text. But the bottom line is you got to clean up your. But the nice thing about learning how to look.

And read the emotions of the face is everywhere you go you will see people no. Pun intended you will see all the things that they're repressing you will see the joys the sadnesses um the fears the uh the suspicions they all mark in different regions of the face and we all have them. So one of the things before we get into the emotions i wanna i wanna just caution you a little bit once you really internalize this map and you start applying it a lot of it you can't unsee it's hard to turn it off. So when you start looking at people and you start seeing their their sadnesses and their their griefs and and things of that nature please be very very very um respectful of what you're seeing and how you use that information okay.

Face feeding if in the hands of the unscrupulous can give you tremendous psychological psychological levels with people it can also give you the magical keys to heal those people at the deepest level and it's really up to you to decide which direction you want to go with it you know. But you know just don't walk out people say oh i can see you've been hovering sat you know 20 years of grief and sadness look. At that line well don't do that right. If people don't ask don't tell right.

And when you tell always try to be compassionate in how you relay that information soften everything you do right. And we cover this extensively in the live trainings. But i know a lot of you won't be at the live trains i hope a lot of you will be at the live trainings uh. So you can really get the full the full magnitude of this information.

But please remember this is real this is real okay. And if you start unpacking people and you say things in the wrong way they're gonna armor up and you will break rapport if you do it right. They will open up like a flower to you especially if you're using echo technique in the emotional motivation checklist you can pretty much write your ticket with these people if you do it right. And leave them feeling amazing for having interacted with you.

But do it wrong and you could hurt them. So again it's really up to you um i'm not a persuasion cop the karma is yours um. So let me go back to the emotional map of the face and we'll work on the emotions until it's time to till about um about 5 50 5 o'clock or 5 15 we'll work on the emotions. Then i'm going to share with you a package i put together for you and once we're done talking about the package and how to get yours um we'll circle back we'll pick up with the emotions of the face and.

Then we'll go into some of the other aspects like matchmaking sexual compatibility things of that nature in part three of the webinars that sound like a plan if you think that's if that's if you're cool with that just type let's go in the chat okay. I don't i can't see anybody apparently it's oh i got a okay. I got 37 people all right. We're good to go all right.

All right. So let's go ahead let me go back to sharing my screen and we're going to go with emotions and again when i you know one of the things i always try to do is i try to make things more digestible more user-friendly and a lot of the things that i learned early on in my career in face reading weren't directly applicable. But every now and. Then i would come across one of those solid gold radioactive charts that held.

So much promise and this is one of them the decision map was the. First one this is the other one i want you to focus on now this is a this is what we call the emotional map of the face and one of the things i want you to understand that these are these are symmetrical. So even though you see you know one set of emotions over here you can also have them over here right. With very few exceptions primarily that being the center line of the face right.

In here you can have joy lines on the right. Or the left side okay. So we're going to do this in groups of five. So you can kind of track it and assimilate it what i've found is that um when you do five groups of five people get it faster okay.

So the. First five we're going to work with we're going to start at the one o'clock position and work down to the 12 o'clock position. First we're going to talk about is skepticism skepticism can be seen by a line above the eyebrow it usually starts at about the halfway point and and follows the contour of the eyebrow. So people with this kind of uh of a line above their eye are very very they don't take anything at face value they're not necessarily detectors we'll talk about a trait that actually indicates that these people just as by default they just don't believe you they want proof if you see a high forehead and this you're probably looking at a lawyer i'm teasing not really uh you're looking at people who are probably in a in a situation or circumstance where they're presented with a lot of snake oil and people are always misrepresenting things.

So the skepticism line is something if i see if i'm working with somebody and i want to influence them and i see that line the. First thing i'm going to do is i'm actually going to trigger uh i'm going to trigger their skepticism and basically what it said what i'm going to say is you know you're probably not going to believe what i'm about to say. But i'll show you the proof right. So this is again skepticism now going to immediately to the right.

Down to the two the two o'clock position you have a line that extends from the corner of the eyebrow and it moves upward this is joy these are the these are the proverbial crow's feet if we're talking about micro expressions uh you would see these lines crinkle when you're giving somebody an authentic joyful smile if these lines are present and they're not always smiling this is someone who's had a lot of joyful experiences in their life these are these are positive signs now starting once again at the base of the outer canthus you'll see sadness sorrow and grief these are all the same emotion. But what what we're actually looking at is how superficial and how long the the emotion has been there. So when we go through a loss we'll experience sadness if we don't fully process that sadness if we stuff it down or we try to ignore it it eventually starts to get other events piled on top of it and the line starts to grow we call this a sorrow line okay. This is this is stuff that has this is unresolved grief and it's usually very very old or it's getting it's older it's not it's not what we call an acute situation what we're looking now is an accumulation of repressed or unresolved sadness loss things of that nature if that continues to go on for a long enough period of time those lines will start to creep down the face and you'll see what we call a grief line all of these deal with some degree of sadness and loss now it's important to know how many of you let me let me jump out of my screen really quick how many of you uh by a show of hands are some kind of coach or therapist not by show of hands.

But just type in the chat if you're a therapist or do some kind of coaching work or health professional all right. One of the things that you're going to see or you're going to experience many of the people that will present with chronic health problems chronic lung problems things like emphysema copd asthma allergies when you start to unpack the emotions it's always grief it's always some kind of unresolved loss okay. So conversely many times um when these people stuff that emotion they'll develop lung problems right. And as they're releasing it there's a very distinctive breathing pattern that they go through goes right.

So there's a giant there's an energy of grief that has been stuffed down and congregates in the lung meridians and the lung organ and over time it builds up a critical mass and it marks on the face and it and it represents his lung problems now for those of you who have an interest in health and diagnosis i'm going to share another another another graphic with you really really quick. So this is what your face looks to a chinese face reading practitioner. So remember that we talked about the lungs or the the sadness starts here the corner of the eye and it passes down do you notice where it's passing through it passes through the lung area of the face now there's one more line that passes through the lung area that i i try to loop these together. So everything we talked about started at the eyebrow this is skepticism this was joy i'm sorry not that wasn't joy i don't normally show this map.

So um. So joy is here. Then you have sadness sorrow or grief and sorrow there's a line if you see a line extending from the inner canthus and i've seen it go two different ways it can come this way and meander down through that cheekbone or a lot of times it will come across and. Then come down what you're looking at is what we call a lost love line.

So that line looks is right. Here all right. Now let me explain this line to you a little bit when you see a lost loved one and i saw a lot clinically when you see this lost love line it doesn't necessarily mean that they've lost somebody that they love although it could be. But when you see this lost love line what it generally indicates is that at some point in this person's life something that was a part of their golden path now again without getting too woo-woo the dallas uh the buddhist every chris every spiritual tradition has this concept of what they call your original face in other words the pure spiritual soul being that you were before you took.

On a body when we come into this bot and into this life there are certain activities that light us up like a christmas tree just thinking about it brings us joy and when we do those things no. Matter how tired we are no. Matter how grumpy we might be the minute we start doing those things the world is good again you guys know what i'm talking about you'll ever have that experience there's some activity that no. Matter what what time of day it is or where it is the minute you get to do it boom it's unicorns and rainbows okay.

One of the ways that you navigate your your evolution in the spiritual universe is by doing more and more of those things that light you up like that that pro phenomena that you experience in chinese medicine and taoism and buddhism is called shening in the shen means spirit and what happens is when you experience those moments of joy those moments of elation your spirit which is bigger than your body you have a spirit body an energy body and a physical body your spirit body is bigger than your in all your other bodies when you do something that brings you absolute joy and that is in alignment with your golden path your mission for being here your spirit goes and it actually wants to be more in your body and you'll see that because the eyes. Will kind of glow there'll be a light behind the eyes. There'll be a light under the skin you've all seen this you ever seen somebody who's like completely depressed or sad or crying or whatever and all of a sudden you hand them a puppy or you that you give them something they've always wanted and thought they'd lost and all of a sudden boom this energy just radiates out from them how many of you have seen that type that in the chat okay. You've just seen what we what the chinese medical practitioners call shining in you experience.

So much joy that all of your bodies align and your spirit floods into your body now that is something that you want and is desirable because the more of your spirit that inhabits your physical and energetic forms the younger you get the healthier you become because the spirit itself is a negative entropic force it's a it's a force of organization and. So as it comes in everything starts to heal okay. Advanced face readers are what we call shen chasers when we start doing therapy with people depending on what modality we're using we're trying to compassionately provoke the body in such a way that they start to process their negative and suppressed emotions and when they do that more spirit comes flooding into the body and they heal physically mentally emotionally right. Many ways to do that.

But as a face reader i used to call face reading the way lillian taught it chinese vibrational psychotherapy because it was literally poked the bear until the bear goes away right. In a gentle loving compassionate way and if you get them to reframe those events you would see the faces change right. In front of you how does that relate to this lost love line when you see a person marking that way what it means is that somewhere in their life something that caused them to shed in that brought more of their spirit into their body was lost in a way that they can't retrieve it or don't know how to retrieve it. So it could be a person.

But it doesn't have to be it could be an activity the example i often use in face reading is like imagine that you know when you're a little kid right. And all of a sudden you loved horses like everything about you was working and riding horses taking care of horses you had horse pictures all over your walls you had horse books and you get a horse and for years you know maybe the. First 10 12 years of your life it's all about horses right. And.

Then maybe as you get older you meet somebody and for whatever reason they don't like horses they're allergic to horses they had a bad experience with a horse. But because you love that person you're willing to make the ultimate sacrifice and. So you give up horses or your parents can't afford the horse anymore and they sell it or um your horse dies you'll mark. So when you see this move this marking something was lost and the way for these people to heal is a to be able to release the emotion derive a positive lesson from it or as is often the case in golden path training find a way to reclaim it when we talk about finding your mission in this life the fact you have a natural gps inside of you already.

But most people don't realize it and that is what lights you up what makes you what what makes you chan out you shine in versus shining out the idea is to accumulate more and more things that light you up like a christmas tree and find a way to integrate those now very often as you get deeper and deeper on that path as you get more and more on that path society will start to kind of poopoo you a little bit because you start to move away from what society wants you to be and more of what you want you to be right. So. First skepticism joy sadness grief or sorrow grief you'll see grief lines a lot in people who have lost somebody to a death and usually the best approaches to that um i've found are deathbed therapy right. So again for those of you who got triggered by my horse story i apologize um we have good therapists online.

So reach out to them and they'll help you kind of get rid of that stuff okay. But again that's that's what we're looking at. So is this useful. So far okay.

Very good all right. Let's go deeper let me go back to my chart all right. Next set that we're going to look. At let me zoom in a little bit here okay.

For some reason there we go. Next set of lines i want to look. At as we go down the face you have a line here here here here and here. So this is i think this is five or six okay.

So one of the things that you'll see a lot of times when you look. At people is you'll see a line that runs from the nasolabial groove down the side now sometimes you'll see that line go all the way down to the mouth sometimes it'll go even further right. We can talk about those variations. Later on.

But this is another one of the good lines to have as far as chinese medicine and face feeding is concerned the technical term for this in chinese is called a fa ling line lillian called them purpose lines when you see these markings sorry i'm sorry this is a little bit more i don't usually make it this big when you see these markings this indicates somebody who is actually fulfilling their life's mission right. They're actually doing things that are in alignment with their golden path now one of the one of the charts that we did not cover just right. Away was the right. And left sides of the brain a right.

And left sides of the face you can actually split the face just like we divided three zones horizontally you can divide the face into right. Hemisphere or right. Side and left side the right. Side is considered your public face the left side is considered your private face.

So what does that actually mean come on okay. The public face is the face we show the world it's the it's the face we want everybody to see the calm cool collected ultra professional compassionate loving persona we want the world to to assume is us the private side is the real us who we are when no. One's looking okay. Now when you start to look.

At the markings on the face one of the things you want to start to pay attention to is on which side of the face if at all are the lines deeper are there more are there longer deeper lines on the private side or on the public side right. This will give you an indication of where that person's emotional you know where that person is emotionally healthiest how does that relate to falling all right. Are to these purpose lines if you see someone who's got a very strong very deep very long line here. But not over here you can extrapolate that in their private life their personal life they're having a much better time of it they're actually on the path that they came here to be on and they still got some work to do in their business life or in their private in their public life.

But a lot of times you'll see the exact opposite of that you'll see someone with a nice long line here and nothing here this is very often the uh this is there it's always their true right. Their true left. So if they raise their right. Hand that's what you go with not not you don't reverse it okay.

So you see this a lot in people who are workaholics right. Why because they're doing something that fulfills them that makes them happy and. Then they have to go home to someone who doesn't get it or who who makes it hard for them to be at home right. And again it's not about the other person it's about how the how this person is perceiving and managing that side of their life right.

So one of the things we look. At when we look. At faces is asymmetry um if you look. At some of the shots of amber heard if you if you take a mirror and you just hold those you know divide the face in half you will see two very very very different people and you'll see that on her private side all of her features are smaller they're squintier they're just much more not pleasant i guess is a good way to say it right.

But the public side that she shows and it's it's very different. So this is again something that for those of you who are into lie detection um into under understanding and predicting human behavior this is actually a really useful skill now i'll give you a little i'll give you one of the ways that you can leverage this information. So one of the things that that people do is by the way is this whole this whole public private thing useful yes. Yes.

Okay. So if you want to be in a romantic relationship with somebody one of the things you need to do is you need to pay more attention to their private side if you're in a business or professional relationship with people you want to spin and craft your dialogue your narratives your topics to their public side you want to play to the person they want you to believe they are right. Remember the golden rule of friendship people like people who make them feel good about themselves write that down before you go around dive bombing people's negative dive bombing people with their own negativity remember the golden rule of friendship people like people who make them feel good about themselves okay. This is from the fbi by the way in case you didn't know um questions about public versus private before we get into the emotions i want to talk about private is yes.

It's always their right. Their left their right. Is the public side their left is the private side okay. You can also divide things up what about length versus depth of lines basically the the deeper the line the more emotion is there the longer the line the longer it's been there and you can also you can also tell how old something is when an emotion emerges it emerges from the center of the face and spreads outward because you're you're basically a tube taurus and.

So energy is constantly emanating out and circling this is how it does it. So when an emotion comes up it migrates to the part of the face correspondent to the organ channel and whatever and. Then what will happen is the older it gets the further back it moves okay. I actually it's not an this isn't that's not in any of lillian's books i actually learned that directly from lillian because i went to a face reading class one time and i just had a fight with my significant other and uh it had triggered all this old stuff about old relationships and stuff like that and i woke up the.

Next morning and i had this massive line it looked i mean i thought i slept wrong. But it stayed there for two freaking days and over the course of the two days i started to work through a lot of my stuff and that line started to go away. But i asked lillian what does that mean oh that's just that's lost in grief and it's really old right. Um we haven't gotten we won't be getting to eyes.

In this webinar we can we could i have a whole training devoted eyes. Just. So you know well again a lot of times things get buried this is one of the things you look. At if you have if you look.

At somebody and their face is like completely wrinkle-less and they should have wrinkles one of two things is usually the case a they're either a buddha waiting to happen and they've processed all their and they don't have any or they're really repressing it they're really dissociated from their stuff david pointed to the wrong side as he left no. I just was using a i'm right-handed. So the images are reversed right. Okay.

Is this is this helpful i'm always worried that i'm not giving you guys enough information all right. Cool all right. So uh we're gonna go through a couple more traits. Then with your permission i'd like to share with you a program i put together to help you learn from home and to get really really good at this would that be okay.

If you think it's okay. Type it in the chat okay. Good all right. Let's go to screen share okay.

The. Next thing i'm going to talk about is i kind of call it the frightful four or frightful three bitterness over nurturing and disappointment bitterness can be seen by vertical or horizontal lines directly below the lower lip the lower lip actually corresponds to your large intestine. So don't be surprised if you see very deep lines here these people are presenting with irritable bowel crohn's disease or ibs okay. Over nurturing can be seen by vertical or diagonal lines above the lips.

So if this is someone who's chronically giving doing caregiving giving more than they're getting things of that nature i'll talk about smokers in a minute um you'll see these lines start to form and to me they they actually create a pathology and. Then. Finally you get we call disappointment lines now there there is a a trait known as a downturn mouth this is not a downturn mouth this is when you see a wrinkle from the corner of the mouth that descends almost like a permanent frown this is somebody who's gone through a lot of disappointment my experience has been that when you see somebody presenting with all three you have a recipe for cancer it doesn't mean they'll get cancer. But there's no.

Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient people develop cancers because they get really good at stuffing down emotions now there's a pathology here that i have kind of seen and actually also been taught by other practitioners from other disciplines and i'm going to share that with you um i'll just tell it to you really quick. So what happens a lot of times is these people often find themselves in situations where they constantly have to take care of everybody else's needs and they operate from the idea that the universe is fair and that they operate from a set of rules that say if i give and give and give other people will give and give and give back to me. But they find out really really quick that that doesn't happen okay. But because they believe that these are the rules and that's the way people should operate they continue to do it even though they're not getting back eventually that disappointment starts to build and build and build and when it reaches a critical mass they start to get bitter and disillusioned and as these processes continue to accelerate they eventually reach a point of hopelessness and many times the only way they know to get out of it is to create a terminal or chronic illness.

So when you see cancer or when you see these lines it's not it doesn't mean that they're going to get cancer it means that if they keep going the way they're going they could manifest it. So cancer for most people is at. First it's a metaphorical message from the nervous system that something needs to be addressed. But in in the endgame it becomes an exit strategy for people.

So again if you when you look. At your face and again don't get all hypochondriacle on yourself when you see these these markings on your face in the mornings start doing things to get rid of it start doing things to process do your transformational triad you know your color breathing your magic frame um your spinning all of these have proven tremendously powerful um in getting rid of a lot of this stuff and if you still need help see you know someone trained in our regression or hmr holographic memory theory and and reframing and things of that nature we can get rid of it. So has this been useful. So far cool with your permission i'd like to share with you a program and a package that i put together for you to take your stuff even further would you guys like to level up would you like to understand yourself better gain an unbeatable edge in life and take your people reading skills and your life to the.

Next level if. So type it in the chat cool all right. We're going to go through this as quickly. But as thoroughly as possible i want to thank you for your diligence and like i said once we're done with this section this is section two of the webinar we're going to circle back we're going to finish the emotional map of the face and.

Then we're going to customize the content of our webinar to the exact applications that you want to know more about. So i heard a lot of people asking about eyes. I heard one or two people uh asking about um sexuality and and compatibility uh josie's asking does the primary location of the cancer make a difference um i'm not sure you might want to ask the question a little better i'm not sure what you're asking me all right. Let's go into this.

So with your permission i'd like to introduce to you my amazing face reading for fun and profit secrets of people reading and personality transformation home study course one of the things i learned early on in my face reading career was it can be frustrating if all you can do is look. At faces and diagnose them and you don't have the skills to actually fix what you see. So i've created something that allows you to do both in the shortest amount of time possible. So let's look.

At this people reading people reading for fun and profit face reading for fun and profit is all about understanding yourself reading people instantly predicting behavior helping more people to feel more confident be more powerful win the game of life and ultimately get on your golden path becoming more charming charismatic and irresistible for those of you uh who are actually want to take your training further this offer is good until 11 59 p.m tonight september 21st i apologize in advance for any typos i might have. So today's webinar is all about oops my bad i can't read my own uh my own powerpoint here hold on a. Second how to assess person this is our secrets of face reading for fun and profit home study course it's a 1497 value and this is some of the most powerful proven real world face reading skills and secrets of personal transformation i've ever had the good fortune to come across and uh i found it to be absolute game changer. So this is going to teach you how to quickly and easily assess personality and temperament how to understand in just seconds how people think and make decisions and all their different thinking styles fact lillian was.

So good at face reading she could look. At you and tell you your myers-briggs profile she was she was that amazing it'll show you how to unlock people's emotional traumas and how to actually fix them how to make their management style are they dominant are they domineering do they work better alone uh do they work better as part of a group should they be leading the group or should they be part of the group all these things you can tell from from looking at the structures of a person's face and figure out where in your company these people belong or if they even belong there okay. Uh we'll teach you about sexual and romantic compatibility how to look. At people and figure out okay.

These people are sexually romantically compatible these people are a uh they're a storm waiting to happen you probably don't want these two people in the same room for a long period of time the ability to manage money and resources how to connect with people how to understand yourself better and predict human behavior and for those of you who are very social who are maybe um have problems opening up to people or around people when people know that you can read faces they will flock to you like moths to a flame you will literally become the most fascinating person in the room you will know instantly in seconds if people are lying to you because one of the interesting things that happens when people lie unless they're sociopathic they shed out you will see their shen actually darken we'll show you how to look. For that and and other things as well. So this is where we start. But we've got more it's a 1497 value.

But if you act today we're going to include these special bonuses when i put together a course i don't think about just the primary thing that we want we want to learn i look. At okay. If these guys are going to learn this stuff from home what's the best most comprehensive way for them to learn the most in the shortest amount of time possible to be the most powerful and. So i included these special bonuses to give you a well-rounded ability to not just look.

At people and understand them. But to actually fix the stuff that um that you see if they want it done. So we're also going to include our special identity by design hypnotherapy home study krog program this is a home study course that will teach you the seven most powerful actually probably ten most powerful transformation techniques as well as instant and rapid inductions it'll give you the confidence and the ability to literally unlock the power of a person's subconscious mind including your own you'll be able to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere to remove blocks and limiting beliefs find and remove hidden negativity and traumatic events and emotions many of which they didn't even know they had how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away how to change that crappy voice inside your head. So it actually builds you up and inspires you and motivates you and reminds you of all the reasons why you deserve success instead of ripping you apart and telling you how unworthy and crappy you are right.

We're going to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people who you like and admire. So it becomes like a template in your mind and body that your neurology follows and allows you to take on the traits and attributes and accomplish the things that your heroes do we're going to talk about conversational hypnosis the seven most powerful language patterns that exist we're going to talk to you more about the emotional bonding checklist and how to use that to get people inspired fired up and wired to do the things you want them to do from a therapeutic basis and how to use that to overcome procrastination and much much more total combined value if you take your secrets of face reading home study course and combine that with the identity by design treatment protocols it's a two thousand nine hundred ninety four dollar value we're going to give you the identity by design course absolutely free because we want you to be empowered not just with the ability to read people's faces we want you to be empowered with the ability to change what you see whether you do that for yourself for your friends and family or you're doing it on a professional level this is a one-two combination that will absolutely change everything about your life you will see things nobody else sees and you'll be able to fix and hurt help things and heal things that nobody else can help or heal it's a two thousand nine hundred ninety four dollar value. But we're not going to stop with that because we also want you to be able to go to the sub levels you heard me talk earlier about shedding in and shedding out about when you do things that light you up more of your spirit comes into your body you have three levels to your body or three bodies depending on how you want to think about it you have your spiritual body or your mental body you have your energy body and you have your physical body most of people's issues are are lodged in the mental body this is a vibrational phenomenon. So we're also going to teach you how to work with those subtle energy bodies okay.

And. So for to do that we're going to include our our special vibrational healing energy secrets and remote influence home study course this is a 1497 value we're going to give it to you free because we want to round out your training we want you to be able to heal and fix what you see using this process you're going to be able to unlock the powers of your mind or your clients minds to control your energy build it and use it to balance and clean people's chakras to heal and influence people remotely how to remove blockages and thought forms from their energy bodies the obsessive thoughts and things of that nature usually have a thought form connected to them we'll teach you how to clean those things out how to manifest anything you want in the shortest amount of time possible it's one of the added bonuses we'll teach you the most powerful manifestation tool on the planet which is also one of the most powerful healing tools on the planet and that's known as image cycling we'll teach you how to project yourself against manipulation and psychic attack and how to truly tap into the powers of your spirit your soul your energy body and your subconscious mind. So that you can realize your true potential you combine all these things together and you will literally be moving through the world like a like gandalf or or a you know graduate of hogwarts you'll have an amazing ability to do all these things and they're simple you just have to have a training program that allows you to tap into these things it's a 1497 value we're going to include this as part of your face reading package absolutely free the total combined value. So far if you think about trying to buy these individually on the website for those of you who can't wait go to www.davisnidernlp.com forward slash face that's www.davidsnidernlp.com forward slash face okay.

So it's total value of 4 491 dollars we're not going to stop there we're also going to include another way to look. At and read people see reading people's faces is just one piece of the puzzle. But people have this thing called behavior and when we look. At people's behaviors and.

Then we look. At their face their behaviors start to take on a greater relevance to us. So we can we can we add these two different levels we look. At the uh the emotional makeup their temperament their personality and.

Then we look. At their behavior and we look. At where they match this gives us even more insight into how people uh behave how they think and allows us to accurately predict their behavior. So you're going to learn from this program this was a two-day training that i taught how to understand people through their behaviors their their their gestures their languaging you learn how to detect lies and other deceptive behaviors you'll understand the body language of attraction there are seven discrete stages that people go through when they move from stranger to intimacy these are the exact same body language phases that many people go through in business dealings when they're moving from strangers to business partners there's a lot of similarities.

So you learn to be able to look. At people from across the room at their posture their ventral orientation their forward and backward leans where their feet are pointing the types of gestures that they're using and determine very very quickly a profile of how these people move through the world. Then when you actually start reading their face you'll see the context that generates those behaviors it's a really powerful one-two punch combination you'll learn how to influence people without words how to stand where to stand how to project charm and confidence and charisma on demand this is part of our much vaunted state control training that is one of our trade secrets uh and really gives you jedi powers in terms of influencing people. But you don't don't believe me talk to the people in the uh in the chats who've actually done the training and they will tell you women will teach you how to understand better men better late men will teach you how to understand women better and allow you to translate your behaviors to something that they perceive as desirable.

So you're both on the same page we'll teach you about the six levels of address from the highest level of status to the lowest level of status what they look. Like how they work and how to use them will teach you to eliminate behaviors that weaken your influence right. We call these adapters right. We'll teach you ultimately the one of closing more deals getting more dates having more success with the people you interact with professionally personally familiarly romantically it's a great great extra bonus ad it's a 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free because again we want you to have the biggest bang for your buck we want you to be fully prepared for this total combined value if you've added up all the courses we've talked about.

So far it's 5 488 if you were to buy them individually which some of these you actually can't um because they're only available on our webinar our webinar purchases or what have you. So i'm also going to throw them because one of the things that kept coming up it's almost like you guys read my mind i'm going to throw in this special lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar crash course this was a videotape of a meet-up course that i did several years ago and it teaches you the most powerful way to catch liars in the shortest amount of time possible it's going to teach you psychological tips and tricks to catch liars on contact how to understand the key indicators of deception the 15 unique tells that clue you in when people may be lying to you one of the things i need to really emphasize if you combine this with the shen the shen reading we talked about remember when i tell people why their shen goes in goes out of their body when they tell the truth their shen comes back in if you combine that shening shin out observation with these 15 traits you're going to have a really really good uh barometer as to the when somebody is most likely either really really uncomfortable and on the verge of being deceptive or is actively being deceptive you're going to learn how to look. At people and everybody and understand what those body language indicators mean not necessarily what's causing them. But what they're trying to accomplish by doing it and once you understand what people are trying to accomplish by doing a certain type of behavior it becomes easier and easier to extrapolate whether they're lying to you or not.

So once again women we're going to help you understand men better lady men we're going to help you understand women better uh we're going to teach you how to eliminate the behaviors that weaken your influence or may flag you inappropriately as being deceptive there are certain behavioral traits or tells uh in the can in the kinesics field uh it's known as a fellow's error or a fellow's flaw there are certain people who are very very have a high level of neuroticism and when they feel challenged or threatened they start engaging in high stress behaviors that a lot of people often misrepresent as being deceptive we'll teach you what those behaviors look. Like and how to avoid them. So that when you're actually talking to somebody you don't flag yourself as being deceptive uh when you're only just nervous right. So you'll learn to close more deals get more dates and probably the most important thing you're the possibility of you being manipulated ever again drops dramatically it's a 97 value this is a course we've had for a long time it's one of our most popular lie detection crash courses we're going to give it to you free just as a way to say hey let's just round out your training and uh go from there it's a 5 585 value.

So let's review this is what we've got for you secrets of face reading home study course valued at 1497 we're also going to throw in the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course. So you can fix whatever you find it's a 1497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're also going to throw in the vibrational healing energy healing and remote influence home study course this actually teaches you how to do all these things remotely as well it's a 1 497 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to learn the people reading for fun and profit two day intensive which rounds out your body language training clothing training as well as light as basics of lie detection it's a 997 dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you're one of the. First few people to sign up for uh our program at the end of the by the end of the webinar and. Finally we're going to throw in that lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar home study crash course i really liked this course i was a big fan of the show lie to me i liked it.

So much that i named my lie detection course after it because i really felt after learning these materials that i became pretty bulletproof when it came to people lying to me now for those of you who are focused on lie detection let me just put this out there strategically catching lies is it's it's it's a it's even the best people in the world are about 60 accurate. But one of the things you want to you want to be very careful with when you do when you have a high probability that someone is lying it's not always strategically to your advantage to call them on their sometimes it's better to know they're lying and have contingencies in operation for when that line manifests as opposed to destroying or torpedoing the relationship uh and leaving you at a disadvantage. So one of the things i want to caution you when you start doing the material utilizing the materials from the face reading to the people reading to the live to the lie detection you're going to know things about people that you can just blow them out of the water physically mentally emotionally a lot of times it's better to tell less and plan more uh again i'm not a per i'm not a persuasion or influence cop i'm not a people reading cop i'm not gonna i'm not gonna say you have to use it a certain way just think before you launch these torpedoes at people and i've crossed that line a couple of times and in retrospect maybe the person had it coming maybe they didn't. But um it's your karma.

So again um just because you know something doesn't mean you should tell something. So. But again you use these skills. However you want they're yours once you own them um you know learn use them and learn okay.

So total value is 5 585. if you register before the end of the webinar today now the best part is a lot of people say well that's an awful lot of money david well here's the cool thing you have absolutely zero risk with this material i have absolute confidence in every single piece of this program i absolutely know i've actually understated what these things will do for you. But don't take my word for it get your course get your package work it for a full 60 days if after 60 days of doing this process you're not on the fast track to understanding yourself and other people better you're not reading them pers their personality faster and faster and with higher and higher and higher success rates you're not automatically becoming more successful because you're making better choices and you're not on the fast track to manifesting your dreams and not in you know if you're not feeling more secure confident or powerful if you're not satisfied that the course has lived up to what you wanted it to do in any way shape or form all you got to do is pick up the phone or send stephanie an email and if there's a sticking point you're having trouble with we'll work you through it if after that we you're still not getting the results we will refund your money because if you're not getting the value that we promised we don't want your funds we don't want your investment we will return it pretty much no. Questions asked. But give us a chance to help you through the material there's a lot here you could spend your life on this.

But again our whole idea is to get you started fast. So by the end of the. First course you should be able to look. At somebody from hairline to chin line and be able to create a profile in as little as two minutes you can have enough information to actually have a working profile of them and.

Then you just get better. But if you're not 100 satisfied with the program just let us know and we'll give you a refund all you gotta do to get yours now is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face david snyder nlp.com forward slash face let me just put that in the chat for you i know brandon and stephanie have been doing that if you have any questions at all you can reach out directly to stephanie at 858-282-4663 once again that's 858-282-4663 and stephanie will happily help you with your sticking points and getting your payment plan set up and things of that nature okay. Oh by the way um there are there is a payment plan for this you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.99 i don't i didn't see it in the uh i want to say let me back up here ah that's that was the typo i forgot the call to action. So yeah you can actually break this up into three easy installments of 3.99.

So 3 for 3.99 just let stephanie know okay. For those of you who are action takers like a lot of you are asking for the link like before i was even done explaining the package guess what you get a reward for those of you who actually jumped on this and who dump on this before i log off the webinar i've got these special fast action bonuses for you. First one is you're going to get a free three-month trial membership to our nlp power mastermind mentoring program. So let me jump off and you're also going to get unlimited access to our 11-year video archive it's a 1597 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value is 7 182 let me explain to you why this is important for you the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is the world's longest running hands-on nlp and mind control and influence training practice group it's been running non-stop since october of 2010.

So we're literally coming up on our 11-year anniversary it you won't get a certificate from the nlp power mastermind group what you will get is hands-on training and personal one-on-one feedback from me and you'll be surrounded by people who want the same things you do who want to get better at this stuff on the. Third saturday of every month we log in i literally go around the room and i say seth what do you want to learn linda what do you want to learn. Then what do you want to learn stephanie what do you want to learn jason what do you want to learn and i write all those i take all your questions and all the things you want to know about i write them on my screen i look. At where they all kind of intersect i create a lesson plan on the spot and for the.

Next four hour actually it's five hours the. Next five hours i drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep and anything goes at the mastermind right. You want to learn more about face reading we'll do face reading you want to learn more about hypnotic language we'll teach you hypnotic language you want to clear traumas we'll clear traumas you want to learn about spiritual and mystical practices law of attraction practices that's okay. Because it's all about training it's all about rolling up your sleeves doing the drills and getting the skills.

So you won't get a certificate from the mastermind what you will get is the one thing that takes you from access to the information to ownership of the information and that's repetition practice feedback feedback is the breakfast of champions i drill you on those skills that you specifically want to learn about until you can do them backwards and forwards and. Then you go out into the world and you apply those skills you come back the. Next month and i'm going to say what do you want to learn now what do you want to practice now and i'm going to do the same thing we're going to drill you over and over and over again the best part is we have videotaped every single session that we have done at the nlp power mastermind since october of 2010 and we've archived that footage part of it is on the nlp power website part of it is in our private facebook. Group and the the bulk of the newer stuff is in our diamond platinum youtube channel.

So as a pers as a private member or a member of the nlp power mastermind you get access to all three you can binge watch 11 years worth of content that has never seen the light of day on youtube it's never been released in a product it's at least as much content as we have available on our youtube channel we have that much we actually have two or three times that much that we've never released and you get to watch it as much as you want for the full 90 days if after 90 days you don't want to hang out you kind of got what you came for pick up the phone let us know and we'll remove you from the group. But if after 90 days you realize you've found a new home you've surrounded yourself with people who all want the same things you do that can support you and help you and have become friends for you pick up the phone let stephanie know and we'll show you how to continue your membership and you get full access to the 11 year archive while you're an active member of the mastermind. So that being said we're going to give that to you free it's a 1 597 value. But if you think about what you're really getting it's it's worth a whole lot more than that because that is that is the path to master the more you have the opportunity to do these things with people who aren't going to look.

At you like you're crazy weird or belong in a in a funny farm the more power you're going to get and it's fun it really is we always have a good time i certainly owe a lot of my success to having to teach that particular group because i have to i always have to find ways to put things together in ways that uh i never thought of before. So you will too all right. So let's go back all right. So it's a 7182 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're also going to throw in face reading level 2. this is what picks up where face reading one levels off our leaves off and once again it's all about learning how to create even more profound profiles learning how to look.

At people's trauma history learning how to look. At their boundaries their their business acumen their bossiness these these are all attributes and elements of the face that we didn't get to in face reading level one. But it picks up we're face reading one leaves off and fleshes out uh the rest of the attributes trace qualities and characteristics we're going to just give this to you as our way of saying thank you for taking action and giving you the big picture in terms of personality and temperament. So this is face treating level two it's a 1497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free.

So the total combined value if you do the math right. Now hopefully my math is right. Is eight thousand six hundred and uh seventy nine dollars. So.

But wait as ron popeil would say there's more for the for the. First 25 people to register today now when i say today what i mean is before i log off the webinar if you get if you if you grab your package before i log off the webinar today you get this face reading for fun and profit live certification boot camp and i believe that is is that january or december seth is that i think it's uh yeah january 25th to the 27th 2022 it's a it's a 1950 value. But as a special bonus for those of you who attend the live training we are going to throw in for you a video a video copy of the training you attended. So it's a 1497 value it's going to be a this says four days well maybe we'll do four days who knows 25 minutes.

Anyway um it's a 347 value it's yours absolutely free. So you get the live training and. Then you get the videos uh uploaded into your account this will not we haven't decided if we're going to do a virtual yet gary uh if we get enough people signing up and requesting a virtual um they have to be signed up for the course already uh if we get enough people signing up. Then we will look.

At doing a hybrid option there's a december fifth through the seventh face reading class okay. Well what we'll do because i i designed this particular webinar package for the january training if you want to trade your january ticket in for the december training we will we will swap that out for you right. But as it stands now you can use this super ticket for either one of our live face trading certification boot camps either the one in january which is going to be in orlando florida or the one in um the one in december okay. So again this will carry a certification okay.

Yeah the the live events always have a certification connect me in fact the only way you can get certified is if you attend the live event. So you can get the information by watching the videos and practicing the the material. But if you actually want to be certified you have to come to a live training and that's for all of our events uh the only the only exceptions that we ever made for that were during covid when people were internationally landlocked and. So what we would do is you had to attend the virtual training in real time and.

Then you were given a provisional certificate that was good for a vip ticket to a live event and you could take the live event for free and when you finished the live event and your your skills were vetted you would get a full-fledged certificate as opposed to a provisional one. So we wanted you to have the opportunity to use this material. But we wanted to make sure that before we offered an actual full full certification that you could actually do the work and people really like that because they literally got to take the course twice no. This is actually this we give you the live event as a free bonus for buying the webinar package.

So again this is all about how to instantly read people in their personality hunter understand how they think and feel and behave measure their sexual romantic compatibility their current state of physical and emotional health right. Uh how to uncover and resolve forgotten traumas this is one of the you know i'd say there are troubles we know about traumas we don't this is how you find them right. The relationship they have with their parents and siblings how they make this. So much more.

So much. So many more things that um this live action training and by the way i will warn you if you t when you take the live action training uh remember i said you have to be very careful how you talk to people there's some kind of weird vibrational phenomena that occurs when you go through an actual face reading certification people seem to become way more sensitive to what you say and. So they tend to get emotional really quick. So this is like.

So just for those of you who are coming to the live event i just want to warn you that as a face reader something about you changes that makes people very very emotional very very quickly. So you have to be very careful how you talk okay. But again you'll get not only the live event. But you'll get a video of the live event if you're for some reason you cannot travel talk to stephanie and we if we get enough people that want to access it virtually um.

Then we can we will work something out for you. But right. As of right. Now there is no.

Virtual option unless enough people sign up for the class and. Then actually request it okay. Total value. So far if you do the math 12 126 let's let's go ahead and man i really did not update this well i'm sorry uh secrets of face reading home study core is valued at 1497 you're going to get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course we're going to give that to you absolutely free again if you cannot travel call stephanie and she will work out a personal a personal um vip virtual option if enough people are requesting it okay.

Valued at 1497. we're going to give you the vibrational healing energy healing and remote influence home study course it's going to be uh we're going to give that to you absolutely free it's a 1497 value we're going to give you the people reading for fun and profit two-day intensive it's a 997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and the lie to me if you dare how to catch liars crash course it's a 97 value it's perfect cherry on the sunday for this whole face reading continuum and people reading continuum we're going to give that to you free for those of you who act quick before i go off the webinar you're going to get a three-month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind practice group it's a 1 597 value uh you're going to get the face reading level 2 video course it's a 1 497 value and of course that free vip super ticket to our. Next face reading intensive it's a 3497 value total package value is twelve thousand one hundred twenty six dollars. But again we're not going to charge you six thousand one hundred sixty seven dollars we're not going to charge it two thousand six hundred and ninety seven dollars you get it all for one low installment of just 9.97. So if i didn't say that earlier and you were ready to buy it at full price merry christmas my friends you can get it all for 9.97 okay.

Or if you want you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.99 all you got to do to get yours is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash f a c e that's david snyder nlp.com forward slash face oops sorry okay. That'll work now uh while we're on the subject let me tell you explain a little bit about the vip super ticket if you decide that or something comes up at the. Last minute that you can't make either december training or the january training not a problem just pick up the phone let stephanie know we'll move you to the. Next face reading event if something comes up at the.

Last minute that you can't that you can go. But it's full like our secrets of internal power course um is full. But you have a vip ticket we'll find a place for you right. So again it doesn't expire if you want to gift that vip ticket to somebody else just let stephanie know and we'll let them come on your ticket if for some reason the price goes up for the face reading class it doesn't affect you in any way shape or form okay.

This is probably one of the easily one of the best packages we've ever created for helping people understand one another and help one another and be more effective in social situations physical situations healing situations you name it um and again for those of you who want a vip are a virtual intensive option after you get your package and you're in the program just let stephanie know and if we get at least five to six people that want to do it virtually. Then we'll work on getting somebody in to manage zoom room and put you through the paces right. We want you to have this training we want you to get the full benefit of everything that we're we're sharing with you today the other thing i want to share with you for those of you who are thinking about leaving remember we happen to we have section three coming up where we start to do we teach you more stuff on face reading. So if you need to go great if you can pick it up on the replay.

But if you want to learn more face reading you know this is this is our format. So the other thing i want to share with you is as you look. At this package if you are a veteran of planet david and you already have some of these courses just when you get your package just let stephanie know and as long as you can find something of equal or lesser value we'll let you swap it out it's not a problem we want you to be happy with your course we want you to have material that's new and exciting and relevant to you right. So again all you got to do is reach out to stephanie as stephanie i mean you know let me do this the easy way it's called cut and paste oh she already did it i'm.

So slow stephanie nlpower.com 858-282-4663 uh and she'll answer your question. So here's what here's what we're going to do now we're going to take a eight-minute break let you use the restroom let you get refills on your coffee take your notes formulate your questions finish getting your packages whatever it is you need to do we're going to take an eight minute break when we come back and i usually come back from break early when we come back i'll answer any questions you have about the package or ancillary face reading stuff we'll go back to our emotional map we'll finish the emotional map of the face and. Then we'll start targeting the applications that you find you're most curious about okay. So again just go to www.davisnutternlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e that's www.davidsnydernlp.comface and we'll see you in about eight minutes um oh have i been talking with a muted microphone this whole time oh my goodness i feel silly now um.

So did you guys hear me just explain anything about handedness at all okay. So there was a question that was asked is does handedness play a role in the facial markings and my experience has been that handedness just like handwriting analysis believe it or not handedness whether you're right-handed or left-handed doesn't seem to play any role at all in these markings uh one of the things i in my in my rehearsal that i mentioned was that chinese face reading is a chinese model. But that model has been impacted from time to time by the regimes in charge are the dominant spiritual beliefs at certain times. So let me explain that really quick the taoism and buddhism are both a part and parcel of chinese culture.

But energetically they actually align the body there's a lot of places where they agree. But there's a lot of places where they actually disagree. So like the taoist systems will say that the left side is young the right. Side is yin the buddhist systems will say the right.

Side is young and the left side is yin who's right. Test it figure it out they're polar. So it doesn't matter um. But one of the places where you'll see sometimes this dichotomy of things with yin and yang are in some of the correspondences for example they will tell you that the left side of the let me see if i remember this correctly the right.

Side is female relates to female issues the left side relates to male issues. So if somebody has a marking on their left side of their face you can think of it at one at one or two or both levels a it's in if it's on the left side of their face it's a loss in their private life. But it could also be related to their father a father figure or a masculine figure which kind of flies in the face of yin and yang right. Right.

Side is female which is usually yin right. So if we see a marking on the right. Side of the face we could say it's a an example of their public life or a loss that was incurred in their public life or it could be related to a a um female figure like the mother or an aunt or grandma chinese grandmas always take care of the kids. So they tend to take on that duty um.

So there's there's there's little nuances here and there. But one of the things that we look. At when we try to when we try it when we when we revise the system for westerners is we wanted to do it in a way that you didn't need to have all this chinese medical backgrounds and terminology what's jing what's chi what's ling what's ming what's shen what's all this crap what's fire what's what's water they're fascinating studies. But they don't really help you uh in terms of accessing the material and creating a very a personality profile very very quickly a lot of it is not relevant to the applications that most of you want to learn about.

So what we're doing uh probably the end of 2023 beginning of 2024 we'll be launching a classical chinese face reading certification program that's all about the energetics and the chinese terminologies chinese medical theory things of that nature what you're getting in this package is everything that's in lillian's book. As pertains to personality and temperament. But it's organized for the western mind. So you can literally go from hairline to chin line and create a profile in as little as 30 seconds without worrying about water features versus wood features versus fire features versus and it gets crazy because the information if you follow that five element model isn't linear it's very very challenging it's very if you have it if you have the background already you can kind of do it.

But this is very it follows natural eye tracking processes when people scan this is something you should know about because this is the way your training is organized when people look. At faces they do one of three things a they look. At the eyes. Or they gaze at the eyes.

Or they gaze at the mouth or they oscillate from the eyes. To the mouth they just keep going back and forth. So we organized and when people read a page they scan from left to right. And they zigzag from top to bottom.

So what we did was we organized the face reading data in exactly the way your eyes. Naturally move when reading a page or looking at a face. So it's very easy to just wherever your eyes. Rest you instantly know like a checklist what those features mean and how to put them together right.

So everything that's in my in the manuals is in lillian's face reading book. Which is fit for colleague colleague fourth um it's face reading in chinese medicine by lillian bridges i highly recommend and support she's my lineage she's my teacher she still is my teacher even though she's passed on you know we will continue to honor that lineage and build on it. But i recommend that you have that book. It's required reading and there's a lot of great stuff in there that you'll learn about with jing and chi and and all these other weird terms right.

Okay. Um. So i just wanted to kind of again i was i was answering the question and i was talking i didn't i realized i had my mic muted. So i apologize for that was that helpful at all give me some give me some give me some love people okay.

Good. So we're all good okay. You guys ready to finish the emotional map yes. Yes.

Okay. Now once we finish the emotional map if we have enough time left over what would you guys like to focus on after that what would be your application of choice just type in the chat which you guys would like to know about after we finish the emotional map ears okay. Don't be bashful it's your webinar eyes. Okay.

I have one for ears one for eyes. All right. Well you guys think about it and we'll come back to it let's get back to um whatever i feel is most useful i'm giving you what i feel is most useful right. Away.

Anyway all right. Let's go back to facial and faces and emotions all right. Let me make this a little bit smaller. So it all fits on my screen.

So when we look. At we talked about over nurturing we talked about bitterness and we talked about disappointment when these three things combine i when i see this my my flags go up because this is someone who's really really good at stuffing emotions they tend to be moving through the world with a set of rules that nobody else is playing by and they really they're really really angry uh that's some that's one of the things that you can always count on is a built-up level of resentment which is eventually what i believe that becomes the bitterness okay. If you have these lines now the when i was talking about these lines earlier someone mentioned smoking yes. Many people with who smoke have these lines the question is why why are they smoking chances are it's a form of if it's a form of self-nurturing it's the only nurturing they get.

So that's what they use right. So. But when you see this one of the other things you can do is when you see these markings ask if they're having any kind of intestinal issues again i bet 50 of the time or better you'll find out they have some kind of ibs uh food sensitivities constipation or diarrhea crohn's disease um i think there's there's one more i'm missing. But you get the idea okay.

Upper lip and ears okay. Um cool all right. So there's a fun line right. Here at the center of the lip let me make it a little bit bigger this is a humor line these people can tell a good joke they appreciate a good joke okay.

So if you have that line you usually have a pretty good well developed sense of humor. Then and the. Next one we're going to look. At actually we're going to go up the center line now.

So a lot of you are asking about this in the chat. So we're going to rather than you know what let's just let's just stick with the program let's just go around and we'll finish with the center the. Next line i want you guys to look. At is a line i'm going to show you this on me it's a this is called auditory intuition let me if you look.

At the ear from the side you may see lines that kind of they look. Like little gills right. In front of the ear we call these auditory intuition and what that actually means this is a form of auditory hypervigilance let me talk about that a little bit and the way this comes about let me make this a little bit smaller the way this comes about is people with this marking often grow up in in environments where they had to pay very very close attention to how people spoke not just the words that they used. But the tonality the timber the tempo and because they needed to know what mood you were in if you were dangerous or not they had to be careful about what they said because of how it could be interpreted.

So this starts this marking starts off as an adaptive mechanism to help a person survive in hostile environments like my teacher lillian used to say she her i think was her. Second or. Third husband she could she could tell what kind of mood he was in by the way he closed the car door right. People with this particular and i have it i have it in space um people and and it meshes perfectly with my my experience growing up uh have really good detectors like they they have this ability to just tap into the secret messages in the way a person is speaking and.

So these guys are actually if there is such a thing as a natural lie detector it's usually these people they have a very very acute sense of auditory awareness that allows them to understand subtext and tension spins things of that nature now because this particular marking because of where it lies it lies on the gulp on the triple warmer meridian the triple warmer or triple burner meridian is the stress meridian and the water metabolism meridian in the body it has three areas of control and. So what happens is people with this marking tend to be prone to dehydration they have interesting they sometimes have water metabolism issues and. So they often wind up drinking a lot of water because they drink a lot of water they pee a lot because they pee a lot they tend to be deficient on certain types of electrolytes because they're deficient on certain types of electrolytes they tend to experience heart palpitations and they sometimes interpret these as panic attacks. So if you have these markings and you periodically get rapid or regular heartbeats and you think you're having a panic attack try supplementing with a good electrolyte for a few weeks and see if that's if those those palpitations start to disappear or go away right.

I found that when i started supplementing with electrolytes that a lot of my my tachycardia and irregularities which i thought were just me being neurotic were actually electrolyte deficiencies. So again don't take it jeffrey says i love you right. So just because you know just because you have a regular heartbeat doesn't mean you're having a panic attack it could be something as simple as not enough in magnesium or potassium. But again look.

At the this is how diagnosis works when a chinese medical practitioner examines you he's gonna listen he's gonna feel your pulse he's gonna look. At your face he's gonna listen to the sounds you make right. Um he's going to look. At different areas that are holographically connected and see if the same kind of markings appear france says i needed to hear that thanks david you are very welcome you're very welcome okay.

I'll i i'm not to not to you know play down the gratitude i get that feedback a lot whenever i get to this market because a lot of you are here because of these kinds of early childhood experiences. So a lot of you have this right. And maybe you think it's because of a remnant it is kind of like a remnant from your past. But not the way you think right.

So this this particular marking starts off as a survival mechanism. But as you mature and you expand your knowledge base it actually becomes a very very useful tool for helping you succeed in life and in the world right. So remember everything that you've experienced none of it's wasted that's the beauty of it everything that you encountered everything that you um you learned regardless even if you think it's useless now it's not everything everything is useful and everything has meaning right. A lot of times when people get this material they go man i wish i'd learned this 25 or 30 years ago when i look.

At them and what the most sincere straight face i can i can come up with i say you weren't ready you get these things you are presented with these things when you're actually. Finally ready to assimilate and use them showing this stuff to you 10 15 20 years ago would have been like throwing pebbles against a brick wall you just weren't ready for it right. So keep that in mind um uh for those of you who are trying to figure out lillian's actual name it's face reading and chinese medicine [Applause] and the author is lillian pearl bridges i'm sorry i spelled her. Last name wrong even i got it wrong and hopefully she's looking down and smiling on us right.

Now all right. Let's get the um any questions about the auditory hypervigilance um or any of that symptomology okay. Next one we want to look. At is also again this is more of a biomedical marker if you look.

At the earlobe you'll see a little a little wrinkle let me go back to our ear marking map. So now instead of a marking in front of the ear what you're going to see are what look. Like little wrinkles some people have one some people have two some people have three um when you see these markings these are often indicative of blood pressure irregularities. So um when we start looking at this you're gonna see somebody who has um they're not they don't necessarily have high blood pressure oh we're not showing did i not show the diet i'm sorry it's been a long day guys okay.

So let me go back to the ear diagram. So you can see that. So this is what i drew. So when you see you know one two or three wrinkles this is an indication of of what lillian likes to call blood pressure irregularities and when we talk about blood pressure irregularities we're not talking about high blood pressure we're not talking about low blood pressure we tend to be talking more about erratic blood pressure sometimes it's high sometimes it's low sometimes it's normal right.

Now cycle psycho emotionally what this tends to indicate is a tendency for neurological over reaction what i mean by that is let's say that the average person experiences a startled response on a scale of zero to ten the average human being uh when they go into neurological arousal uh or gets surprised for example somebody jumps out of the hall goes boom right. And they have they spike up to a six or seven someone with these kinds of markings when experienced with a sudden emotional shift may not hit a six or seven. Then you go right. Up to an eight or nine and pass out right.

I was gifted with this and i had to learn how to um to really deal with it is because i have a very sensitive nervous system and. So when i experience uh shocks or traumas i tend to experience it very very strongly and it took. A lot of training and a lot of clearing and self work to to maintain and this is why in my systems we have such an emphasis on state control because without state control everything else goes to right. Even as a face reader.

So um i have both of these markings. So when you get like your um your identity by design course which is in your package there will be a section on state control um i recommend when you get a chance um that you also grab either cpi1 or killer influence because the state control training is even more in depth. But um. But a lot of these these people will have high blood pressure low blood pressure they'll tend to experience an exaggerated startle response or emotional feeling and because i didn't understand what i didn't understand myself for many many years i wound up doing uh i wound up engaging in what we call stuffing or emotional armoring to the point where i stuffed my emotions.

So deeply i actually blocked a lot of my psychic and intuitive skills. So as as intuitive as you think i am um there's levels to it that i stuff down i still haven't unlocked yet. So i'm still a work in progress. But i have the tools i just got to decide to do it right.

So again when you see these markings pay very close attention and again when you see markings like this in other people don't say oh you're gonna you've got heart problems well they may or may not. But what you want to do is you want to say you might want to go you might consider have you had have you had a physical recently right. You see you might want to have your your cardiovascular system checked right. And.

Then you say well i'm curious many people listen to how i say this many people with that marking often experience extreme emotional peaks uh when when they're when they're surprised or startled or whatever is that does that often happen for you right. And a lot of times they'll see oh wait a. Second ken kern says pathologists call them the cardiac clef they often see they often see it in autopsies from heart attacks okay. So there you go.

So once again don't tell them they got heart problems you may give them a heart attack right. Because of that startle response. But when you see this motion when you see this this marking understand what it what it implies what it could mean and. Then when you when you talk to people about that marketing do it in a way that's gentle and respectful and and helps them feel good about it right.

That's your job to communicate these things in a way that makes them want to get help or to be better. But make it. But doesn't make them feel bad about themselves and that's always let me just put this down. But that's always the challenge as a face reader is talking about these these attributes in a way that that doesn't destroy their self-esteem or install negative suggestions classical chinese face reading the way it's commonly taught has a very strong negativity bias to it uh lillian one of the reasons i love the fact that i had lillian as a teacher was she would always try to find the good in every trait and and and i really loved her for that because she really you know because again if you understand how i i've done it i know you can look.

At somebody and just cut them to the quick emotionally. So for those of you who need a way to defend yourself from bad guys emotionally speaking this will do it okay. So again i'm just putting possible uses out there i'm not condoning the use or misuse of them it's up to you uh sean polk is asking how do drugs affect these signs i think it really depends on the drug you know i would have to look. At your face before you started taking the drug and.

Then after a couple of months on the drug look. At the changes and see what's improved or not okay. Okay. Going back to our five faces.

So that's blood pressure irregularities the. Next one you're going to see a lot if you're a healer when you see diagonal again once again here's the outer canthus right. Now remember we said that sadness lines start at the outer canthus and. Then they they migrate down this way.

So you have sadness you have sorrow you have grief when you see lines that actually hold on a. Second when you see lines that actually migrate along the outer edge of the eye this almost always indicates some form of physical or emotional pain. But in this case it's usually chronic um you'll see this acute if someone's like just strained their back you'll see them squint and you'll see these lines appear. But if there's no.

Obvious injury and you see these lines you're looking at somebody who's experienced a lot of pain in their life and they've never fully processed it out they've never fully processed it out okay. So this again this can be physical or emotional right. It could be heartbreak um could could be phys could be a back injury a chronic knee problem it could be it could be anything chronic and that's usually you know i don't see these it's interesting really because in the clinic i was surrounded by people in pain all the time and i never really saw a lot of this unless i was unpacking trauma and. Then it would.

Then it would pop up. But if you see this and they're not in any form of actual pain. But they're this marking is there this is someone who's packed and stuffed a lot of pain and just and here's the thing it's just the act of talking about it may pry some of it loose okay. Uh people are asking what about the large hold on a.

Second what about just large bags under the eyes. Is there any yeah we'll talk when we go to the eye section after we finish the facial map we'll talk a little bit about bags under the eyes. Oh there's a one of the dn is saying hey here i'm thinking that the facial lines are just old age now hello. So much more than laugh lines i'm beginning to think i'm not all just emotionally crazy well actually dan you're not emotional let me let me let me look.

At you guys face to face for this you're not emotionally crazy you're emotionally toxic now here's what i mean by that remember how many you guys heard me say several times that when you start unpacking these facial markings the features change uh one of lillian's best friends and business partners and assistants was a woman in kelly harrington who if you get a chance to she's trying to carry on lily's with lillian's work and if you get a chance to study with kelly uh i recommend you support her you know she's kind of going it she's partnering with deirdre her lillian's other business partner. But they've kind of parted company with uh lotus and they're doing their own thing. So if you see them promoting a class they have a lot to offer um. But i in one of lillian's workshops there was a picture of kelly when she came to when she started training with lillian uh like 25 30 years ago and they were the woman looked like she was 40 40 50 years old and she was in her 30s kelly is now in her 50s going on 60 in her 60s and there's not a line on her face she's done.

So much clearing and she looks like she's in her 40s i had no. Idea she was as old as she says as her birthday because as you clear the emotions connected to the facial markings the face gets younger and this actually jived with the theory that my wife and i had we've actually formulated this over 20 years ago that physical aging was actually more result of emotional toxicity than it was chronology and from 15 years of working with chronic illness and unlocking the emotions and watching people change right. In front of me i can tell you that from an experiential basis most of our aging is emotional it's not chronological. So a lot of the markings that you have that you think are just you getting old not.

So much if you if you follow the process and again if you've got the webinar package you've got the tools to start you can just start unpacking this and getting rid of those lines and if you find something that you need help with reach out to one of your colleagues or one of your brothers and sisters in planet david and they'll help you because that's what we do right. Um yeah presidents again. So i mean they're again when you get lillian's book. There are pictures in the front of that book.

Of couples when they. First got married and the same couple 25 30 40 years. Later and they look. Alike in their pictures when they.

First got together look. Completely different right. Your face is constantly changing and it's based on the emotions and the environment your internal environment and your external environment that determines what your face looks like and as you change the vibrational nature of your body in other words you clear the emotional darkness and toxicity in your system the markings will change. But don't believe you don't got to believe it just help people clear their stuff and you'll you'll see their faces change for those of you who are veterans of planet david who've been through face reading if you've actually seen someone's face change right.

In front of you type type it in the chat just. So they can. So people can see i'm not making this up while i'm doing that let's go back to the face okay. So pain is again this is a weird one because you would think that you'd see it more i don't every now and.

Then you're going to see somebody with this marking starts at the outer canthus and like a joyline it starts to travel up. But it keeps going beyond the brow line this is what we call excessive joy or mania we recently had a president with these markings who spent he was up at two o'clock in the morning texting and twittering when you see these markings these people can be bipolar they can be manic depressive they can be borderline personality disorder they can have megalomania um they can be somewhat schizoid um this is this is joy gone bad. So this is good joy this is unhealthy joy and we're talking about you know excitement. So if you see someone with these markings um be very gentle how you talk about it.

But ask them if they're if they have moments where they just have lots of euphoria and lots of energy and have trouble sleeping and you'll probably find out really really quick that um they're probably on some kind of med or were diagnosed and have stopped taking their meds right. But you'll see this a lot in people who have a lot of emotional problems and usually on the manic side every now and. Then you'll see somebody with these diagonal lines emanating up from the brow line now what's funny is i i every morning i get up and i and i look. At we call these transformation lines and these lines usually indicate somebody or are found on people who've gone through an extreme emotional time in their life and have emerged from it with a spiritual revelation of some kind an understanding or a revelation about themselves or the world or the or their emotions or situation that really transforms them on a spiritual and and identity level and an extreme example of that is what they call buddha wings which is lines that emanate up from the.

Third eye and they look. Like wings as they come up from time to time the dalai lama when he's teaching and he's in a very high spiritual state will actually show those kinds of lines um i've been doing this buddhist mysticism class along with this taoist or this chinese energy medicine class and. Then with sprinkle idea with some taoist mysticism classes i'm taking and. So i'm doing a lot of clearing stuff right.

Now and i woke up this morning and i had this massive extra i usually have one transformation line i got another one a few months back and now i woke up this morning i have this massive one you can't see it because i think zuma takes it out. But i had one a little one over here and. Then uh one that was pretty pretty prevalent here and because the past two or three weeks i've been doing a lot of energy and emotional clearing i had this massive line right. Up the side of my my forehead and that's usually an indication of somebody who's done some internal alchemy work i don't know some people are having volume inconsistencies i haven't done anything here what about the creases and lines across the forehead those usually indicate life lessons that you're still in the process of and most of that is between the ages of 15 and 30.

So that's the 15 the age of 15 is up here and. Then 30 starts down here. So when you see lines zigzagging down these are usually life lessons and things you're processing and they usually happened in your 20s. So again there's a whole there's a whole chronology to this like i said.

But that's not directly relevant to personality and temperament. So we haven't included it it's part of chinese face reading don't get me wrong. But it wasn't directly relevant to personality and temperament. But if you're going to do trauma history or shen work or spiritual work ming work or golden pathwork that's when those markings become even more relevant okay.

So just for in case you forgot remember that we do have a package where you can start to learn the ins and outs of all this uh and it's a face reading for fun and profit home study course it's a 1497 value and it comes with the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course it's a 1497 value we're going to give that to you free it comes with the vibrational healing home study course 1497 value we're going to give that to you free the people reading for fun and profit body language secrets program 997 value the lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar crash course for 97 and of course it comes with those super fast action bonuses the three-month nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group and the 11-year video archive it's a 1597 value the face reading level 2 home study course. So 1 497 value and of course the free vip super ticket to our. Next face reading for fun and profit uh three-day live certification event it's a 347 value we're going to include a video of the actual training you get to attend as part of that package it's a total value of 12 126 bucks all you need to do to get yours is one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need a little extra help we can break that up into three easy installments for you of just 3.97 and all you got to do to get yours is go to www.nlp davidschneider nlp forward dot com forward slash face that's david snyder nlp.com forward slash f a you want to say that obey city roller song saturday night. Anyway www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e get yours now before they're all gone uh because we only have 25 of those live event tickets available when they're when i log off they go away you can still get the rest of the package that's good until 11 59 pm tonight.

But the actual vip super tickets are they go away. So all right. Let's get back to face reading for fun and profit okay. Okay.

Now we're going to start down the center line of the face and this is when we're this we call this the river of life uh and that that's more goes to the jing training uh we're more on the qi training right. Now. So the. First marking i want to talk about is this double line here this double line indicates a high degree of irritation annoyance or impatience okay.

So these people um are almost always in a hurry um they they're if if they're data-driven um they can be very terse um when they come to a stop light they start gunning the engine when the end when the light starts turning yellow or or or what have you. So um very easy to see one that tends to and there was questions about this what do you see a lot of times is when people have learned to manage this in other words they realize that they're they're prone to irritation or annoyance or impatience and they've learned to manage it you'll see a. Third line start to manifest. So when you see three lines this is indicative of somebody who had was very impatient very uh prone to annoyance.

But they found a way to manage it they found a way to to to be less to let it manifest less okay. Lillian used to say they learned how to manage it better. But the one everybody's asking about is the infamous single line right. Now in my world there's three variety this line comes in three varieties you have a thin line which is known as a suspended needle a thicker line which is known as suspended sword and.

Then a really thick line which i have lovingly called the suspended bazooka right. And you you've met people like this from time to time you look. At the center of their head it looks like somebody took. A chisel and just dug a big old trench right.

Down the center of their forehead now regardless of what size the needle or the marking is they all tend to indicate the same thing this is somebody with anger and self-sabotage issues now let me explain that before people go off the deep end this marking represents somebody who at some point in their life their boundaries their boundaries were violated they got angry they pushed back they expressed that anger they let it out and there was and the repercussions of expressing that anger were. So traumatic that they made a subconscious decision to never let that out again and. So on the surface that seems like a good thing. But one of the things you understand is this particular part of the face is related to the wood element of the body the wood element of the body is the achievement element the achievement energy when you want to accomplish something you want to create something and see something through and go to the highest level it's your wood element that allows you to do that it motivates and inspires you it's also the part that feels anger because it it's it's it's being it's being hindered by something and.

So it it it tries to it likes to compete okay. So when you see this marking what's actually happened is that person has taken their their reservoir of energy and cut it in half and they've literally said i will express this much energy. But this will never come out and what happens behaviorally and vibrationally is it manifests as either a form of self-sabotage or stopping in other words this person will embark on a new career or a new field of study and they'll get they'll do really really well and they'll get to a certain level and they'll lose interest or they'll get to a certain level and something will happen that they start over. So and something else.

So a lot of times these people are jacks of all trades right. But they only get to a certain level of attainment in that field before they just stop and that's usually where they've reached that that we call it a governor if you guys have ever rented a car and like especially the u-hauls like if you try to step on the gas it won't let you go past like 55 miles an hour even though the speedometer goes up to 90 because there's a block that won't let that vehicle go any further it won't give it any more power well that's what this is and. So this particular trait tends to manifest jeffrey says it's like you know me tends to manifest as achieving to a certain degree and. Then blowing it up or achieving to a certain degree losing interest starting over in something else becoming really good at that losing interest starting over something else the other behavior that i have noticed with this is there tends to be a strong desire for approval in these people.

So they will they will tell you about their how how they've solved problems for other people and accomplished all these great things and what they're what they're what i'm my again just from watching what i feel that they're trying to do is they're they're they're reenacting the original traumatizing event and here's what i mean lillian taught me that when you see this market it's almost always the the ideology of it the root of it is almost always anger between a father and son or between um that person and a dominant masculine figure whoever had the masculine role in that person's life that's usually the trigger for that anger. So think of it this way um and it could be mother daughter if the if the mother is actually the more dominant and masculine it could be directed at them right. But you know a child and their parent get in an argument you know when boys get to a certain age they start challenging their fathers for dominance because they're 18 now and they know more than their dad does and if you're if you grow up in an old school family like me you get up in your dad's face your dad says you mouth off to me again i'm going to teach you some respect boy you don't do that in my house i will too you you my house my rules well i'm not going to play by your rules and he grabs you by the scruff of the net throws you out on your ass right. Right.

Strong anger right. And what happens a lot of times is and again this is just from observing people this is not something lillian taught me. But i spent a lot of time looking into the hearts and minds of thousands of people all over the world part of it is that person is going to keep looping through those kinds of dynamics and relationships. But because they made a decision to never express their power beyond a certain level they're always going to stop showing their potential and they're always trying to regain the approval of the person that they expressed anger at they're trying to win the art they're still trying to win the argument in their minds and.

So a lot of times these people have a really hard time apologizing or admitting that they were wrong okay. Not saying everyone with that marking is that way. But it happens a lot and they're all aspects of the wood element okay. Because wood elements don't like to back up they're full they're full speed ahead called fourth says my mind is blown well i'm hopefully this is now the question was asked in the chat how do you get rid of this you gotta you gotta fix your you gotta go in you gotta you gotta find the initial sensitizing event you've gotta vent the emotional charge and you've gotta forgive you've got to let go of that anger okay.

So when you see this that person has internalized anger and that anger is connected to a block that's holding their power from ever being fully expressed it will always they'll always cut themselves off from their full potential right. If you want access to that power you gotta clean it up okay. Uh i'm getting a lot of wows in the chat. So i'm getting really curious as to what you guys are coming up with.

But was this helpful how to inspire others let them know that they're not broken there's one more there's a couple more markings i want to look. At now the. Next marking i want to cover i learn i'm going to teach you i'm going to teach you what lillian taught me and. Then i'm going to extrapolate a little bit on what i've discovered.

So many times when you're doing therapy with even if you're not doing therapy with people you'll see people with lines that extend diagonally down the bridge that's too big see lines that extend diagonally they actually look. More like they're going down this way. But that's just how she rendered it here when you see these lines lillian called them disempowerment lines. But i have a different name for them because i don't think that disempowerment actually conveys the behavior.

So i call these appeasement lines and these are also the results of boundary violations or and a lot of times anger. But they they they manifest differently. So in in in this scenario you've got somebody who is trying to exert you know their their boundaries have been encroached upon in some way and they're fighting back they're pushing back they're giving it everything they got and they cross a line and they get dramatically punished for releasing that anger and as a result of that punishment they make a decision to never get that angry or let that energy out again okay. Remember what you don't express stagnates and toxifies okay.

The reason you're sick isn't because of what you're expressing it's because of what you're not expressing right. This is i can tell you this that we we live in a culture that is conspiring to give us chronic internal illness because it's teaching us we're not allowed to say certain things we're not allowed to feel certain ways we're not allowed to have certain thoughts and. So we stuff them and anything that we don't express we repress and anything we repress stagnates toxifies and becomes turbid and creates health problems okay. You don't got to believe me right.

Spend a couple of years as a hypnotherapist unpacking this can i expound on this stephen i've expounded on this to you multiple multiple times steven is one of my mastermind members who i haven't seen in a long time just saying um. But i'm happy to expound on it um when we're not on it's on a schedule uh judy is saying hold on a. Second let me open this up a little bit. So i can see lines between the eyes.

Yeah. So the lines actually come down these lines manifest let me go back to the screen these lines manifest when somebody has violated your boundaries and you draw a line in the sand you push back and when you push back the person you're pushing back against pushes back even harder and instead of continuing to fight you start to try to appease them you try to make it better you try to make the problem go away right. How many people here have ever seen the show um all in the family it was a it was very popular said it would never be played on the air in our in our pseudo-world culture. But if you ever want to see a shining example of appeasement look.

At edith bunker everything about edith bunker's behavior was to make archie feel better was to make him not angry anymore and. So when you see people coming into your clinic or you're dealing with people who have markings down the side what you're looking at is somebody who has been has had their boundaries violated they tried to fight back and when they tried to fight back they were met with even more overwhelming force and in order to survive to make the problem go away they said okay. Whatever you want just don't hit me or whatever you want here's your dinner right. It's okay.

Auntie i'll make it better we'll do better. Next time right. Again she's in it she's she's a caricature. But that's the behavior.

So you'll see it a lot in abuse and abuse cases domestic abuse child abuse um narcissistic machiavellian type b you'll see and i wouldn't be surprised honestly if predators actually look. For those markings subconsciously for victim for victim selection right. Because again these are people who when push comes to shove they'll put up token resistance and. Then they'll cave right.

So a lot of what you'll be doing as a therapist is cleaning out that and building up that sense of identity and that ability and willingness to push back and fight. But it's very very different manifestation even though they have very similar uh triggers right. Boundary violations what is dn saying here hold on gillian knowles is saying. So basically what you're saying is that by not coming to terms with your your emotions stagnate manifest and will rot your soul.

So to speak yeah well it won't rot your soul your soul is above all this it's your acquired mind and your physical and energy bodies that will will do the writing your spirit body will be will suffer. But your soul your soul is above all that your soul is the eternal part of you it's it's detached already it understands the big picture. So it won't ever be affected uh by this stuff in fact that's one of the reasons why getting in in touch with that soul level of yourself is. So important because the intern the innate radiance of the soul can burn away and cleanse a lot of that acquired stuff it won't always be pleasant on an energetic or a spiritual or a physical level.

But that's the mojo you some of you might have heard me say from time to time that there's magic in each and every one of you you just got to tap into it and unlock it this is how you do it you get into that you reach that soul radiance level right. And it's it's it's on your face okay. Um what is the interpretation of so-called crow's feet well it's either going to be joy or sadness okay. Gary's asking what is the relationship between chi and shen shen okay.

You guys really want to know this okay. All right. I'll do a quick diagram. So you can understand it and i'll and you know what i'll do i'll even do it using a diagram that you'll find in your identity by design manual.

So you can understand it uh i gotta actually find the notes. First i wasn't planning on doing this which is why it's taking me. So long to find it this will work all right. This is actually from my how to reprogram your subconscious mind webinar.

But one of the things you'll see in your identity by design manual is this map how many of you guys ever seen this map before okay. So this this center core right. Here is known as your taiji pole it is actually when your soul enters your body it enters through this this tube and. Then it emanates and it creates three levels of body.

So it will create a spiritual body an energy body and. Then of course your physical body right. So your your spirit is actually you know somewhere up here. But it it connects and fills in this way.

So you have higher levels that you're connecting to right. But this is detached this embodies and. Then through it creates the. First body which is all about thought and intention that spiritual or shen body starts to pull together energies related to certain elements and following the spirit's blueprint the the energy body starts to create a denser physical shell with all your fascia and all your meridians and all that stuff that we call the physical form.

But all your crap is actually here it starts here and. Then as it gets more and more energy it pulls more and more elements together that eventually form a physical component this is why when we point to where we feel it reach out and touch it guess where we're at you're in your spiritual body because you're using one of the things you understand is that information flows both ways information flows from the spirit to the physical. But it also flows from the from the physical to the spirit it's two ways and this is why spinning and color breathing and magic frame all work because it integrates and activates all three bodies simultaneously it's a very it uses all the same approaches that classical ancient chinese medical qigong practices use. But it does it in a way that's actually faster than the classical waves right.

We're using the same elements if i can use that word. But we're doing it in a different process right. But once again there's a structure right. As everything becomes more embodied it becomes more real and.

Then it goes away right. So that's another way for you to actually look. At your proprioceptive grid that we talked about and you'll learn about it in your your identity by design course okay. So mhs martha's asking when you say spinning are you talking about literally spinning physically no.

Not well yes. And no. Not you're not spinning your physical body. But you're actually spinning the energy connected to the body feelings that you have if you go to the youtube channel martha and you type in instant emotional healing or instant emergency pain relief you will learn you'll learn energy spinning you will learn color breathing and you will learn magic frame we call that the transformational triad it's an intrinsic part of the identity by design system that you'll be learning in your package.

But this is the theory that explains how we're doing what we're doing. But i've never you're the. First group that i've ever shown the overlay between the proprioceptive grid concept and the three bodies of the the three energetic bodies and the soul. So you're welcome no.

Don't thank me now just go www.davidsnutternlp.com forward slash face and you can have it all um. So does that help that did that help you guys make sense of of the structure of things oh maria says thank you already did very cool very cool um eric said eric webber saying this is why i keep coming to these you're very welcome right. Again i've known this for a while um certain no. Pun intended i keep some things close to the vest because a lot of people just aren't ready to make those connections they're they're they're coming in especially this is your.

First time in planet david you're looking for stuff that will help you in the concrete world you know and and. So you're kind of you're already kind of skeptical because you don't know this dude in a vest and why he's there and i start talking about spirit and vibration and natural this and he's like oh i'm out of here right. So we try to keep things very very practical for you. So you go out and get a result right.

Away and you can prove these things to yourself and that lays the foundation for another layer of training you're much more open to each progressive layer and it makes you much more complete uh as a self-actualizing human when you do it that way instead of having these gaping holes in your knowledge base right. Right. So. Anyway that's what i'll have to say about that maxine says i pay for the class and i take it again which class are you talking about maxine all right.

I'll let it i'm mixing all right. So um i have time for you know a couple more things what would you guys like to know about i can't stay on 10 or 15 minutes. But just before we get into the. Last the.

Last piece let me just remind you this is. Last call for uh for those of you who want to come to the live training and i trust me if you like what we're doing virtually on a free webinar you can imagine what we do behind closed doors yes. Of course you can come to this training energetic ways to clear baggage all right. Transformational triad energy spinning magic frame 90 of everything that you're gonna you're gonna pull up if you can point to where you feel it you can change it those three techniques in multiple sequences will eliminate just about everything call stephanie 858 282-4663 okay.

So once again let me remind you what you're getting when you when you grab this package once again you're gonna get the face reading for fun and profit home study course it's a one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value you're gonna get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course that course has everything i've just talked everything you're seeing on this that we're seeing on the screen with the grid and the arrows and stuff like that that's all in your manual right. The overlay of the three three bodies um sean i do not have courses on qigong although vibrational influence would be my equivalent of qigong. So your vibrational healing course is actually a good primer there will be other energy courses coming out probably 2023 2024 um that are more energetically oriented i have to start a whole different energy training silo beyond just vibrational influence to encompass all the things i now know how to do. So yes.

That's a great question and there is stuff coming david what does it mean when a person's left eye is drooping it usually means criticism left eye i believe is father figure or no. Uh criticism uh i think left eyes. Yeah i think i think left eye is uh criticism from a male figure. So it's usually father husband um best guy friend or whoever has the dominant masculine role in your life and.

Then eventually that external criticism becomes self-criticism horizontal line on the nose bridge is indicative of either blood sugar issues or thyroid issues if you have a partial like a if your eyebrow hairs start to fade about halfway across it's almost always thyroid. So. Anyway let's go ahead and finish this. So you're gonna get the vibrational healing course there's a 1 497 value people reading for fun and profit 9.97 uh lied to me if you dare home study crash course 97 value and of course three fast action bonuses nlp power mastermind practice group trial and the 11-year archive 1597 value face reading level 2 1 497 value and of course the free vip super ticket to face reading live uh certification uh january 23rd and 24th 20th or 25th to the 27th or in december uh plus you get a bonus copy of that video it's a 3447 value.

So total value of this package is 12 126 you can get it all and again if if you liked even a little bit if you found even a little this to be relevant to you i i encourage you to invest in yourself and level up your life invest that 997 because you deserve it you're worth it or make three easy installments of 397 and all you got to do is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e that's david snyder nlp.com forward slash f a c e one more time with feeling www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e uh remember if you're calling and the line is busy leave your contact information because as long as you leave your contact information and we can get back to you you will qualify for bonuses if you do not leave your contact information and you call us tomorrow you will not qualify for the bonuses okay. So i just want to put that out there remember that these fast action bonuses go away when i click end webinar the rest of the bonuses are good until 11 59 p.m tonight. So if you want to mull it over um it's worth it you know just for those five bonuses it's worth it. But if you really want the biggest bang for your buck and you want to get live with me.

Then by all means um jump in now invest that 997 break it up if you need to and go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face it's just the tip of a very very large iceberg and we're going to show you the fastest way to get from where you are to where you want to be let us help you help yourself okay. Teresa says. But wait there's more yes. There is there's always going to be more because i'm not done yet and as long as i'm not done the products and the courses will keep stacking right.

And it turns out that a lot of the challenges and questions i have a lot of you guys have too and i'm driven to find those answers. So as long as you're part of planet david you'll eventually get access to those two. So all right. That being said um let me go back over the chats what did you guys wanted me to cover what about deep straight lines that go straight across the forehead all right.

This is the. Second or. Third time that people have asked about this. So let's go ahead and look.

At it um uh what am i where am i at here oh nothing okay. So when you're looking at uh face reading there we go. So the lines you're talking about are lines that tend to zigzag across now some lines go all the way across some lines go partially across okay. When you see lines that go all the way across this indicates a life lesson that you've learned that you've completed incomplete lines indicate stuff you still haven't finished yet um stephanie may o'connell from australia is trying to make a purchase.

But she can't get in can you reach out and help her thank you um. So that's what that means now let's just. So we have a reference let's go ahead and look. At the age maps and again this is not something that we would cover um in the personality and temperament training.

But it is something we'll cover in depth in the lifestyle health and trauma resolution training these are age maps a woman's age map begins on the right. Side of her body moves to the left side of the body and. Then continues down the center a man's age map begins on the left moves to the right. Ear and.

Then comes down the center. So the way the way i remember i teach people to remember this and again please take this in the spirit with which it's intended women are always right. And what's left are men. So if you want to start looking at age maps and things of that nature they begin on diametrically opposed sides females on the right.

Men on the left males on the left and they both come down center. But they're opposite of each other on the center. So if you look. At this and again we're not we're not going to spend a lot of time on on the age maps.

But i just want you to show you 18 17 here diametrically opposed here. So my recommendation if you want to do age markings is you just remember that and this is what i did is that 15 to 30 is here. So any markings you see in this area are almost always in the 20s there's a couple that are 89 88. So if you have markings in this area you may live to 88 or 89 right.

So that's what i when i when i look. At these lines going across that gives me a pretty good indication of when they happen okay. In fact when you look. At somebody's ears you can actually tell when a person's siblings were born because again the um chinese systems start at conception and western systems start at birth.

So when you're born by by asian standards you're already a year old this if you look. At markings here this will tell you if you had any kind of problems during birth or in utero and. Then anything that happened in utero will be in here and. Then if you if you go along the outline of the ear if you see places where there's an indentation or a thinning these are often indications of times when a person's siblings were born.

So the mother will never mark when her when she's going to have a baby. But her children will always mark what year that their brothers and sisters are going to be born it's really weird it gets kind of woo-woo. But we've we've tested this over and over again um and it's just right. More often than not.

So um. Anyway was that useful do you guys enjoy that again for those of you who want more of your questions answered reach out to us through our you're very welcome uh reach out to us at through stephanie at nlp power 858-282-4663 um in the words of the immortal carol burnett again uh one. Last time that package goes away when i log off it's an amazing course it will change your life and you will never ever look. At people the same way again on another note if you're big fans of my friend chase hughes and his behavioral stuff the face reading stuff works hand in glove with everything he's doing in the behavior system.

So it synergizes with everything right. So in the words of the immortal caliber net i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long i love you all thank you.

So much for spending your night with me i sincerely hope you got some value go ahead and click those links join the club join the family and let's become the best version of ourselves humanly possible good night god bless click the link i'll see you. Next time.
