Title: FREE Conversational Hypnosis Technique: How To Fix A Broken Heart
File Name: lAR5PmzrEKE.txt
Video Id: lAR5PmzrEKE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAR5PmzrEKE

And that gets us into another aspect of our approach to this kind of work that you won't see in many other systems any that. I know of actually and that's the concept of getting the body involved of the body engaged song come on give me a give me a chair on the back actually bring your chair of us on okay. Here's what. I want you to do have a seat okay.

You love that hat on take it negative sorry. So here's what. I want you to do you said recently that there was something that happened that kind of bummed you out a little bit yeah okay. Here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to imagine that there's an image associated with that experience okay. What. I want you to do is.

I want you to reach out and touch it good now. I want to take both of your fingers and trace the edges of it. So you know how big it is excellent now grab it in both sides and what. I want you to do is.

I want you to push it away and notice what happens to the feeling it's less. So if. I grabbed it here no. So if.

I went mid it small what happened lesser. So if. I bring it back here bigger whoo now put your hand right. In the middle of it.

I want you to notice something. I want you to notice there's a feeling in your body associated with that picture point to where you feel it right. There close your eyes. Using your inner eyes.

Now sign what. I want you to do is. I want you to notice there's a color associated with that feeling what's the color the. First impression no.

Blue. I want you to take both of your hands reach in and grab all of that blue energy take it out hold it in your hands and look. At it now as you look. At her.

I want you to notice something did the color change or stay the same lift the thing good. I wish you notice it's moving in a certain direction what direction is it moving good. I want you to take it with both of your hands and reorient it. So it's moving the opposite of what it was there now double the spin physically double it keep doubling it over and over and over again double it triple it over and over again till it takes on a life of its own until it takes it becomes unstoppable you know you got it slam it back in notice the change notice it's going away that's right.

Notice when you try to get it back what happens have to be a little bit exactly and it's just going to go way faster and faster. Then we try to bring it back and more peace you have there isn't that a wonderful thing. So give him a big round of applause here's your chair okay. That's what.

I mean when. I talk about getting the physiology getting the body involved.
