Title: Hypnosis Mind Control Skills – The Most Powerful Inner Child Healing Session Ever Recorded
File Name: LCMLEaszzZU.txt
Video Id: LCMLEaszzZU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCMLEaszzZU

Now, we're going to go through um a process called the gift, and it's [ __ ] awesome, right? If you like magic circle, you're going to love this [ __ ]. If you like temporal editing, you're going to love this [ __ ] right? This is our this is the advanced portion.

Well, it's all advanced from my from a classical hypnosis perspective. Everything we did was advanced starting with day one, right? It's our kindergarten,. But this is going to be your introduction to classical regression structure.

Okay, the gift has about 80ish% of everything you'll do in classical regression, including an affect bridge. It has um progressive desensitiza uh a form of progressive desensitization. Um it has timeline, future pacing, cleanup, stuff like that um built into it. Um, and you won't recognize some of those pieces,.

But you know, it does you'll you'll once you have the experience, you'll understand the primary difference between the gift and every other regression technique that you're going to learn in. September is the gift is based on pleasure. It's based on joy and happiness. And what happens is when you when you utilize this process, do you ever um like have to upgrade the the operating system on your computer and it gives you the option to upgrade the the operating system around your existing software.

That's kind of how the gift works. In remedial regression, in the mystical trainings, they they would call what aspects of what we're doing soul retrieval. But in classical regression, you're usually doing a remedial model where somebody's got a phobia, they've got a trauma, they've got an allergy, they've got something, a chronic or terminal illness, addiction, whatever, and they're coming there to fix that. And you you you you find out where the problem is, loading the body, you amplify it, you springboard back to before the.

First scene, situation, or event. And everything that you're working on in that moment is designed to fix that presenting problem. Right? It's a very spec even though there is some generalization it's a very specific set of issues that you're working on to clear up.

So it's more linear when you do the gift the moment you inject change at the at the appropriate moment the all the changes generalize into every aspect of your life. Everything shifts. It's it's actually really cool to watch. Right.

It's a lot of fun. Um, now. I usually only do what. I'm we're about to do in uh in the healing intensive,.

But this is a little way of stacking the deck. I want you to get out a piece of paper and. I want you to number it from one to five. If you're really if you're feeling really adventurous, up to 10.

And. I want you to list the 10 happiest moments of your life. Just take five minutes and list the 10 happiest moments of your life. So, don't think about it too much.

Just start riffing. Brain dump that [ __ ] [Music]. Thank you. Thank you.

When you're done, just look. Up here. So, if you've got at least five, organize them now by date, by like how young were you when you. First felt that way?

How young might you be when that happened to you? [Music]. Happy happy joy joy. Happy happy joy. Happy happy joy joy.

That's what? Yep. All right. So, everybody got at least five.

Excellent. Ellie, thank you for volunteering. No, just come on up. You want to play?

I know. I could. She got. So excited when.

I said, "Think of the happiest times in your life.". I could feel her wave of energy coming from here. All right. So, what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and just do the demo.

So,. I don't. I don't have to deal with all the cognitive noise that you guys are generating. But now, what's happened is because you spent five minutes thinking about the happiest times in your life, all the neurons in your brain, the action potentials have just been triggered.

So,. I've already fine-tuned your neurology to higher vibrations and to think in certain ways. Would you like to be hypnotized? Would you like to be hypnotized by me?

Okay. Throughout this process,. I may touch you on the back of the neck, the head, the forehead, the shoulder, over the heart, the arm, the hand, or the leg. Is that okay?

Excellent. Go ahead and close your eyes. Take a deep breath in and let that breath out with a sigh. Closing your eyes.

All the way down deeper and deeper with every breath you take into every beat of your heart. Now, if. I do talk too fast,. Ellie, just let me know and.

I will do my best to slow down. Now, in a moment, not yet,. But in just a moment,. Ellie,.

I'd like you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. And. I want you to just relax those tiny muscles in your eyes. I want you to keep relaxing them more and more and more until they're.

So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore. And when you're satisfied, you're convinced they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore,. Ellie.

All. I want you to do is give them a quick test. just to be sure. When you're satisfied, stop testing and let that level of relaxation flow. From the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes, deeper and deeper with every breath you take.

And every beat of your heart, you can just let go, feeling wonderful sensations all throughout your mind, all throughout your body. The better you feel, the deeper you go, the deeper you go, well, the better you feel. It's just cyclical like that. Now, in a moment, not yet,.

But in just a moment,. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we've been relaxing your body. We're going to do that in a very, very special way. In a moment, not yet,.

But in just a moment,. I'm going to ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards, starting with the letter. Z or zed or whatever they do in. Switzerland.

With each descending letter, starting with the. Last one,. I want you to just allow those letters to become completely relaxed out of your mind. Allow them, if you will, to become smaller and darker and harder to see.

Turn the volume all the way down, down, down. deeper and deeper down. You're doing great. Now, obviously,. Ellie,.

I can't do this for you. Only you have that power. Only you're in charge of that. Only you can allow this to happen.

When you know they're gone and you're as deeply relaxed in your mind as you are in your body, all you can, all you have to do is raise up a finger at your head with honest unconscious movements to let me know. and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process. Perfect. Now, just deeper and deeper and deeper still.

Now, in the past,. Ellie, when we've done different demos and different processes together, we talked about an amazing place, a magical place, a place that is. So loving and nurturing and supporting and healing and protective,. So affirming and forgiving.

A place that is. So positive and transformational that no. Negativity of any kind could exist here for even a fraction of a. Second without being immediately vaporized or turned into its opposite.

Do you remember what that place was like? Yeah. And when you're in that amazing place, when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste. Yeah.

There's an amazing, wonderful feeling that you get, isn't there? A feeling that lets you know you're truly safe. And. I'd like you to notice something,.

Ellie, that there's a place in your body where those amazing, wonderful feelings start, where they grow, where they spread from. Take a moment, notice where you feel that, and point to it. That's right. And.

I'd like you to notice that there's a color. Maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings. I'm curious. I'm wondering,.

Ellie, what color of colors might that be for you? First impression. That's right. I'd like you to notice a beautiful ball of that energy floating above your head.

I'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart. That amazing ball of energy begins to grow, begins to expand, begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling, from wall to wall and all points in between. Notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of safety transformation. A cocoon, a shield, a suit of armor, insulating you, protecting you from all threats, all negativity, real or imagined, while at the same time flooding your mind.

That's right. flooding your body, flooding your spirit and your soul with everything she most wants, everything she most needs in an infinite, everexpanding and unlimited supply. And. Ellie, when you know you've got that, breathe those amazing colors through your entire being. Let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle.

That's right. Like fluid fills up a test tube, like hot air or helium fills up a balloon. anchor it in,. Ellie,. So fully,.

So completely. No. Force in the universe can turn this off or take it away. Not even you.

And when you realize it's true, holy cow,. Batman, test it. Try to turn it off. Try to imagine somebody else trying to take that away and notice what happens instead.

What do you notice? That's right, baby. That's what. I'm talking about.

Now. Ally, there is a feeling you've had in the past. A wonderful feeling, an amazing feeling, a feeling that was the happiest, most joyful, most, oh my god, this is incredible moment ever. And as you remember that moment, as you see what you see, and you hear what you hear, and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste,.

I'd like you to notice there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start, where they grow, where they spread from. Take a moment, notice where you feel that, and point to it. That's right. And there's a color, maybe even a series of colors connected to those wonderful feelings, aren't there?

What color of colors would that be for you? First impression. Peachy. That's right.

Peachy. Excellent. I want you to reach in. I want you to grab all that peachy and emerald color.

Take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you. Make sure you get it all cuz you don't want to miss a drop of this amazing super. Ellie goodness. That's what.

I'm talking about. Let your body do whatever she wants to do as that energy comes out. When you when you got it all, just nod your head to let me know. Excellent.

As you look. At it,. I'm curious. I'm wondering,.

Ellie, did the color change or stay the same? First impression. Excellent. Notice it's moving.

It's spinning in a certain direction. What direction is it spinning? Excellent. I want you to grab it with both of your hands.

I want you to play with it. I want you to find the direction that makes it even better and better. When you find that new direction,. I want you to spin it like a wheel and double the spin, double the speed, double the force, double the magnitude.

Keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own. Until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was. When you know you've got it, slam it back in. Now,.

Ellie, as that energy works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your body, into your mind, into your spirit,. I'm going to count from one to five. As. I count from 1 to five, that energy is going to grow.

It's going to double and triple in size and strength, double and triple in force and magnitude. One. Feel that energy surging through your mind, surging through your body, twice as strong as a moment ago. Two, twice as strong as a moment before, 10 times stronger, 100 times stronger.

Three, like a beacon from the past calling you back in time. Four, like the gates of a dam bursting forward, calling you back in time to the very. First scene, situation, or event that is the source of the beginning, the root cause of this amazing, wonderful feeling that you have. Five, there's the feeling.

Ellie, answer my questions. First impression, are you inside or outside? They both alone or with people? Daytime or nighttime?

That's right. I'm curious. I'm wondering. Look.

At your hands. Are they big girl hands, little girl hands, or somewhere in between? Yeah, there's somewhere in between. You like that somewhere in between place, don't you?

Look. Around. Give me a report. Tell me what's happening.

I'm in multiple places. Yeah. Multiple places at the same time. Yeah.

Uhhuh. And how you and in all of these different scenes, which is the youngest one? What's the best one? Yeah.

Excellent. So,. I'm going to let you choose. I always go for the younger one,.

But you can choose if you want to do the 38 one. I want you to go and step in to that scene five minutes before that four or 5year-old version of yourself experienced that amazing joy. Give me your report and tell me what's happening. Uhhuh.

Fantastic. Excellent. In a moment, not yet,. But in just a moment,.

Ellie,. I'm going to count from 1 to three. When. I reach the number three, you're going to come back to the present moment.

You're going to still be fully entranced. We're going to discuss a special plan, a special present that we're going to give to little baby. Ellie with her dad and maybe other versions of. Ellie as time goes on.

Would that be okay? Excellent. 1 2 3. Back to the room. Back to the seat.

Back to 2025. Now,. Ellie, in a moment. Not yet,.

But in just a moment,. I'm going to count from 1 to three. When. I reach the number three, you're going to leapfrog back through the wormhole of time and space to 5 minutes before that whole four or 5-year-old experience with your dad at the beach ever had a chance to happen.

And we're going to give little. Ellie the most wonderful, amazing gift ever. Would that be okay? All right, in a moment.

One, feel yourself floating back on the wings of time. Two, all the way back to five minutes before that four or five-year-old. Ellie had that chance to play with her dad. Five or three, there she is.

Can you see her? I want you to walk over to her. Take her by the hand. Take her off to the side, kneel down, look.

Her in the eyes, give her the biggest, most wonderful, most fulfilling. I love you little sister hug ever. and say, "Hey, buddy. I'm you from the future.". And make or believe you.

A four-year-old can call [ __ ] and say, "Hey, where. I come from, the technology exists to come back from the future to change the past.". And that's exactly why. I'm here, to let you know that.

I've got a gift for you. The gift of knowledge, the gift of understanding, the gift of wisdom. And. I want you to take her in your arms and whisper in her ear everything she's ever going to need to know to be amazing, to be awesome, to make better choices, better decisions, have the best life ever, to make her the happiest, most joyful little camper that ever lived.

Take all the time you need to do all that. When you know she's got it, just nod your head to let me know. Excellent. Excellent.

How does she feel now? That's right. Now,. I'm going to give you some messages.

Now, you can feel free to change my words in any way that is appropriate for little. Ellie. I want you to look. Her in the eyes, and.

I want you to say, "Ellie,. I love you.". Throughout the coming days and weeks and months, really good things are going to happen. And sometimes, me, some not.

So good things are going to happen. People are going to come into your life. People are going to go out. People are going to do things you like.

They're going to do things you don't like. But. Ellie, no. Matter where you go, no.

Matter what you do, no. Matter what life hands you,. I will always be here for you. To hold your hand when there's no.

One else to hold your hand. To give you that hug you need when you need it the most. to remind you that you're always good enough. That you're always loved, accepted, protected, forgiven for all wrongs, real or imagine. And you're never, ever, ever alone.

Convey those words to her in the exact way she most needs and wants to hear them. Let them take root inside of her like the seeds of a giant redwood tree growing bigger and stronger, more empowering, more supportive in every way. That's right. Take all the time you need.

And when you know she's got it, take her by the hand and walk forward with her into the future through all of those good times. Notice how because of the gift you've given her, the other times aren't. So bad after all. In fact, they might even turn out quite differently.

Notice how she makes better choices, takes better actions because you were there the whole time loving her, supporting her, guiding her, teaching her. Every now and then, stop, turn around, look. Back. Notice how the future that you thought you remembered has changed because you were there. and it made all the difference.

And just keep moving forward until you get to the present moment and look. Back and notice how everything is different. And through that entire journey, anytime she needed you, anytime she wanted you to hold her hand, to inspire her, to support her, to remind her of how amazing she is. She had you.

Still does inside. And every time you look. Inside your heart, you'll see a little smiling girl smiling back at you, reminding you that you are always loved. You always good enough, accepted, protected, forgiven for all wrongs real or imagined.

And you're never, ever, ever alone. And when you're ready for the. Next big adventure, walk seven days into the future and notice how good that feels. Notice how things just keep improving, keep getting better.

Life just gets brighter and happier and more joyful. Keep walking into that future. And as you walk further and further into that future, a year, two years, 10 years,. However long it is, at some point an interesting thing happens.

You pass through that glowing portal that symbolizes your transition. And when you pass through that portal, you find yourself at the very beginning of your. First memory in this life. But because you have all this knowledge and she has all this knowledge, she understand things better.

She has you. Well, everything changes. walk through that day one and day two with you right. Beside her, teaching her, loving her, explaining things to her, telling her the best way to think about things, who to avoid, who to embrace, the best courses of action to take. Notice how everything about those early years only gets better because you were there to love her and support her and remind her that she's always good enough that she's always loved, accepted, protected, forgiven, and she's never ever ever alone.

And when you're ready,. Elliot, only when you're ready,. I want you to move forward through that timeline. Not once, not twice,.

But over and over and over again, hundreds, thousands of times at the thief at speed of thought. I want you to groundhog day that mofo. Every time you pass through it, you learn things. You understand things better.

You understand things differently. You make more and more changes until you've optimized the entire thing. And you can feel those changes rippling through you and her. And when you know you've reached that point where it's this is what.

I want, this is how it's going to be. It's only going to get better. And just nod your head to let me know and we'll continue. Excellent.

And the final pass. I want you to walk forward through time to the present moment back to this room. March 28th or 29th, 2025. Can't remember the exact date,.

But you know exactly where we are. Float down into your body. See the world through those eyes. Hear the world through those years.

Just for a moment, look. Back down your timeline at the history of. Ellie and notice how things have changed. That's right.

Now, in a moment, not yet,. But in just a moment, just because just for the continuity of the lesson, imagine you could float up out of that body, float seven days into the future. 7 days from. March 29th, 2025, float down into that amazing new supercharged awesome. Ellie of the future.

See the world through those eyes. Hear the world through those ears. Smell and taste and feel the world through that mind, body, and soul alive with transformations. Live a few days in that life.

Tell me what that's like. Easy. Yeah. What makes it.

So easy? Yeah. You know what? There's a place in your body where those abilities, those faculties of lightness and trust are stored, created, and manufactured from.

Take a moment, notice where you feel that, and point to it. That's right. And. I'll bet there's a color, maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings, aren't there,.

Ellie? What color of colors would that be for you? First impression. Go ahead and breathe that energy through your entire being.

Let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle. Like fluid fills up a test tube, like hot air or helium fills up a balloon. Ellie, anchor it in. Surrender to it completely.

Let it lock in. So fully and completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away. Not even you.

That's right. Let it happen. And when you know it's locked in, impossible to be turned off. Impossible to go back to the old version of yourself.

Test it. Try to bring the old. Ellie back. Try to turn the new.

Ellie off and notice what happens instead. That's right. Take all that that colored goodness with you. Float up out of that body.

Move 30 more days into the future. One month and seven days from. March 29th, 2025. Float down into that unstoppable new.

Ellie. The. Ellie who's been living 37 whole days with these ongoing, expanding, accelerating transformations, taking root deeper and deeper and expressing themselves in every way. See the world through those eyes.

Hear the world through those years. Smell and taste and feel the world through that mind, body, soul, and spirit alive with these transformations. Live a couple of weeks in that life and tell me what you discover. Pleasure.

That's right. And you know what? There's a place in your body that generates all the the opportunities and the the experiences of that amazing pleasure. I'm curious.

I'm wondering where in that where in your body might that faculty live? Yeah. And notice there's a color, maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings. What color of colors would that be for you?

First impression. Excellent. Breathe that energy through your entire being. Let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle, like fluid fills up a test tube, like hot air, helium fills up a balloon.

Anchor it in. So fully,. So completely, only getting stronger. For as long as your heart continues to beat, your lungs continue to breathe.

Lock it in. So fully and completely. Every cell of your body turning into a powerful perpetual pleasure factory. Each cell of your body manufacturing more and more and more of these amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply.

And when you know you've got it, take all these colors with you as you float up out of that body. Move six more months into the future. A full seven months, seven days from. March 29th, 2025.

Float down into that super. Ellie of the future. See the world through those eyes. Hear the world through those ears.

Smell and taste and feel the world through that mind, body, and soul. Alive with pleasure, transformation, and every other good thing. Live a few months in that life. Tell me what that's like.

That's right. It's only going to get better for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe. And. Ellie,.

I want you to notice something. that there's a place in your body where the faculties, the skills, the abilities, the resources that have allowed you to create, manifest, and express this amazing. That's right. And you know, there's a color or series of colors connected to that, aren't there? What color of colors might that be for you?

Go ahead and breathe that midnight blue through your entire being. Let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle, like fluid, fills up a test tube, like fuel fills up a tank. Anchor it in. So fully,.

So completely. No. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away. Not even you.

Notice how happy little. Ellie is inside there. That's right. It's pretty cool, huh?

Now, speaking to you is this amazing, empowered, unstoppable. Ellie of the future. If you could turn around, look. Back down the wormhole of time and space at all the younger.

Ellies from where you are right. Now all the way back to the time she entered this world. As you look. Back,.

I'm curious. I'm wondering what do you know and understand now that those younger. Ellies didn't know that would have made all the difference. Yeah.

Excellent. I'm curious. I'm wondering,. Ellie, if you could reach back through the wormhole of time and space and teach all of those younger.

Ellies everything they'd ever need to know, everything they ever need to feel, believe, experience, or understand to be as amazing in their time as you are in yours right. Now. I'm curious. I'm wondering,.

Ellie, what would you teach them? What would you share with them? What would you give them? Excellent.

When you're ready, and only when you're ready,. I want you to open your arms big and wide. I want you to invite all those younger. Ellies to fly forward through the wormhole of time and space into your waiting arms.

Hold them to your heart and whisper in their ear everything they're ever going to need to know, everything they're ever going to need to feel or experience or understand to be as amazing in their time as you are in yours right. Now. until you're one full, complete, unstoppable, happy, whole, and total super trusting. United. States of.

Ellie. Take all the time you need to let that blending and merging take place. Breathe all of your colors through all of you at the same time and feel all of you blend and merge and combine, integrating synergistically, harmoniously, exponentially more powerful together than any of you on your own. And when you know that merging is complete, you're all one big happy family.

Test it,. Ellie. Try to go back to that old version of yourself and notice what happens instead. See, notice.

That's right. That's right,. Ellie. In a moment, not yet,.

But in just a moment,. I'm going to count from 1 to five. When. I reach the number five, you can emerge from this process like a phoenix rising from the ashes, like a butterfly emerging from a cocoon.

One phase of your transformation complete, the. Next phase, the best phase just beginning. And every time you look. Inside, you'll see a happy little girl smiling back at you, surrounded by all the love and affection and trust and every good thing she could ever want or need. in an infinite, everexpanding and unlimited supply.

And what's even better is you'll know that when you look. In when she looks inside, she'll find you loving her, supporting her, reminding her of all the very best things about her. And a voice that she can always trust. A voice she can always believe.

A voice that speaks 10 times louder than any other voice that drowns out every other voice, reminding you that you're always good enough. You're always loved, accepted, protected, forgiven for all wrongs, real or imagined. And you're never ever ever alone. Number one, feel the energy in your body shooting up, rising, grounding.

Feel yourself returning to this place we call reality, bringing with you an oh. So different one. Number two, all of my suggestions and directions from me to you, from you to your own other than conscious mind are now 10 times more powerful, a hundred times more permanent, a thousand times more thrilling, fulfilling, and satisfying than ever before. embraced, held, locked into that part of your mind, body, and soul that most wants, desires can implement, facilitate, perceive, believe, manifest, and achieve these changes, embodying them whole and total, fully and completely in all the ways that give you the life that you want, the way that you want it. Number three, because.

Ellie, there's always at least three ways to overcome any situation, obstacle, or circumstance that you may face. There's always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve. And from this moment forward, your all powerful other than conscious mind will now easily, effortlessly, and automatically generate those solutions and implement them in the quickest, easiest, most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned. Number four, because it's all for you,.

Ellie. You've made the investment. You've made the journey. You followed the instructions.

You've obeyed the commands. You've tested the results. And you've most certainly earned the rewards and the right. To keep them.

It's your reality. It's your truth. It's your life. And you get to live it to the fullest starting now.

On the. Next count, you can emerge from this process. Head clear mind, clear heart, clear soul, clear thinking, feeling, acting with self assurance. Feeling good all over.

Glad to be alive and ready to thrive. Number five. Take your time. Come on back and notice how good you feel.

Good job. All right. So,. First thing we did four magic bullets safe place or two actually modified safe place induction.

First two bullets and. Then right. Into the safe place. Again, we're always resourcing.

Then we have we have the person recall the happiest, most joyful moment. We amplify it and. Then we use an affect bridge. An affect bridge is where we take a body feeling or an emotion and we amplify it and we amplify it and we amplify it.

And when we reach the as high as we think we can get it, we have them use that as a catapult or a slingshot back to the very. First scene, situation or event. That is the source, the beginning, the root cause of. XYZ problem.

Right? The term is called a effect bridge or emotional bridge. There are many kinds of affect bridges. This is a classical one.

Okay. Now, this one is a pleasure-based uh version. And so,. I wanted to make sure that that's what we got.

So,. I had you guys transervational search a whole bunch of pleasurable experiences. So, you're primed to go that direction. Every once in a while somebody will not follow instructions or the unconscious mind will decide ah.

I want to fix. I want to fix some [ __ ]. I don't want to do it that way right. So you can you can stack the deck by having them trans dder derivationally load and create a direction in their mind right.

What happens sometimes is they'll go back to a happy event. But. Then you'll see them start to cry and tear up and usually that's because there's some negative thing attached to either, you know, like they're having they're remembering uh the happiest. Thanksgiving ever,.

But there's always an uncle that drinks a little too much and takes a dump on the event and they remember that part. Or what happens a lot of times is they remember a happy experience and the person in that experience is no. Longer here. They've passed on and and they remember that they have that good feeling.

So, you just have to focus on the good stuff, right? Again, if you can name it and describe it, you can create it. You can also have them reach into the picture, pull out the crap and throw it in fire and now it's all good, right? I actually one of my students came up with that.

Um, several years ago. I was they were doing magic frame and the guy was doing a happy experience and all there was just all this this negative stuff in the happiness and she said, "Well, just reach into the picture, grab it, and throw it in the fire.". And it worked. If you're matterof fact about it, their unconscious mind will be a matter of fact about it, too.

That's the secret. Your unconscious mind is designed it's it's evolutionarily biologically designed to respond to certainty. So if you say something and a very matter of fact this is just how it is. Your unconscious mind go okay.

It's when you're trying to convince the unconscious mind by trying to convince yourself and not sounding certain yourself that's when the inongruities are picked up by the unconscious. Right? So um you're going to jump back and. Then there's it's a write this down.

We use a basic decision tree when you get them back to the very. First scene, situation or event that is the. So it goes like this. One, two,.

I imagine one, it can be a one through three count, be one through five count. Back to the very. First scene, situation or event that is the source, the beginning, the root cause of. XYZ feeling.

When you get there, nod your head to let me know. Right? Are you inside or outside? First impression.

It's a dec. It's a binary decision tree. It's either. X or.

Y, in or out, inside or outside, alone or with people, daytime or nighttime. Look. At your hands. Are they big person hands, little person hands, or somewhere in between?

Notice. I said person. I'm in. California.

I'm teasing. No, because this is where again about one five one to 5% of the people that you do this with will spontaneously regress to a past life and they may be of any gender, right? 95 times 95% of the time or better it's this life. But you want to allow for all possibilities. Are they big person hands, little person hands, or somewhere in between?

First impression. Look. At your feet. Are you wearing shoes or are you barefoot?

That's usually as far as you need to go to get them integrated into the scene. Then from there, you just go into give me a report. Tell me what's happening. And.

Then all you want to do. Then is depending on what intervention you're going to do is you're going to repeat their words back to them and. Then ask them another question. We call that the master echo formula.

Right? When you echo their words and. Then ask the. Next question, it triggers recall.

Echoing triggers recall. That's why when you do the echo technique in real life, people just start self-disclosing, right? But when you do it in a therapeutic situation, especially if it's something that they're trying to repress, like they'll say, "I'm in a room with people, and. I don't remember.

I don't know what happens next.". You're in a room, you're with people, and. Then what happens? And.

Then one more thing will pop up. You're in a room and you're with people, and. Then. XYZ happens, and.

Then what happens? And you can literally step them through and recall and and and reactivate that memory. But you have to repeat everything they said to get the. Next link in the chain.

Right. Now, you'll learn more about this in in regression in. September. When we're doing holomic regression, we're stepping them through that that that memory to find the moment of encoding, the moment when the trauma survival mechanism activated and captured the entire experience.

Once we find the moment of encoding,. I'm teasing you because. I'm not giving you that information. Right?

Once you find the moment of encoding, you don't need to go any further. In classical regression, we would walk you from the beginning of the experience through the middle and most traumatic parts all the way to the end of it. Like a movie has a beginning, a middle, and an end. We would run you through that scene and just keep cycling you back until it was completely emotionally flat.

That's the part that skeves most normal humans out. It's also the part that has the most curative effect, right? We don't need to. You'll cover that in regression.

But for this, we're doing a pleasure-based affect bridge. We're going back to her hab now. She had multiple memories, right? And she had one at 38 and she had one at four or five years old.

I. I gave her the illusion of choice. So you right. She said she had when.

I was four, five, and 38. I'm going to go early. Why? Because the earlier you go, the more foundational the memories are to everything else.

Plus,. I knew we were going to move forward in time. So, we were going to get to the 38-y old memory. I bet the 38-y old memory got better, didn't it?

Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Now, even if she'd have chosen arbitration, no,.

I want to go to 38. It doesn't matter because. I would do the same exact process at 38. Move her forward in her timeline and.

Then where do. I end up? I end up at before the very first. So,.

I'm still going to get it. And. Then. I cycle and.

I have her groundhog day that [ __ ]. Make it better and better and better and better and better. is still getting better by the way. Right? Her systems catch her system, the body, the meat plays catchup with the mind, right?

And. So we just cycle them through it until she's satisfied. On the final pass, we bring her back and we evolve her. Now the gift is really very simple.

It's a variation of what we call in classical regression informed child informed adult where we literally go back as the adult version of oursel and we teach the younger version of oursel everything that's she's ever going to need to know right. And we give that to her as a gift of fornowledge. But we do one other thing we stay with her. I in in my time since.

I started physically seeing clients in 2005. Five. I have looked into the hearts and minds of literally thousands of human beings with every conceivable trauma that you can imagine. Every conceivable illness, not every illness,.

But a big cross-section. And here's what happens. When you look. Inside, you find the same thing.

Scared little child, desperate to be loved and terrified of being alone. And if you can give that child the realization that they're not alone, that there's somebody with them, that they're loved and accepted and honored and validated, those children can go through anything. And there's only one entity in the universe besides. God that can do that.

That's them. So that's what we do. Make sense? And we just walk them through their history and we reclaim as many of those fragments that are willing to go.

Right? Once you got them back to the present moment, future pace and cleanup, float up. Seven days into the future, float down. Tell me what you find.

Notice there's a place in your body where the ability to manufacture that life. Where the ability to bring that into being is stored, where it grows, where it spreads from. Notice where you feel it. Point to it.

Turn it into a color. Breathe it through them. take that color, float up, move 30 more days into the future, float down, see the world through those eyes. Hear the. It's wash, rinse, repeat.

But every time we get there and we and they give us a report, notice there's a place in your body where the ability to create that and have that and experience that is stored, where it grows, where it spreads from, where is it, what's the color, load the entire body with it. So by the time you go from seven days to five years, which is as far as. I usually go, you've got at least seven or eight different colors of different resources at different times at their life. So when you get to the point where you're going to integrate, turn around, look.

Back at all the younger versions of yourself. And from this place in the future, this amazing new version of yourself, what do you understand? What do you know now that those younger versions of yourself didn't know that would have made all the difference? And some and most of the time they'll tell you.

Sometimes they'll just be quiet,. But they'll you'll do you have something and they'll say, "Yeah, okay. when you're ready and only when you're ready. Actually, what. I say is um if you could reach back through the wormhole of time and space and teach all those younger versions of yourself everything they would ever need to know, feel, believe, experience, or understand to be as amazing in their time as you are in yours right.

Now. There's some super advanced level. NLP suggestion in there that you don't need to know about. just it's just stuff. I do.

Well, it is kind of recorded,. But anyway, um what would you teach them? What would you share with them? What would you give them?

And it's always. I think it's better if they speak it because when you speak, you declare something and the unconscious mind um grabs a hold of it. That's also we play we play uh there's a there's a technique that. I'm using here called the tell me technique.

Now, one of my more infamous mentors, uh, a guy by name. Mark. Cunningham, he has a version called the tell me game, which is different. Okay, tell me game is a compounding technique.

It's not what we're doing. We're having the client or the patient move into their future, into that version of themsel and self-report what they find. I'm not having the person repeat back to me what. I just told them.

Understand? It's a big difference, right? Different different outcomes, different applications. The tell me the tell me game can be used therapeutically.

But wasn't designed for that. So um. So 7 days 30 days 6 months a year 5 years. I don't think we went the full five years.

I think we went like six months seven seven months and seven days. Yeah because. I always stack right. Um she remembers that very well apparently.

Um, okay. And. Then what. I when they tell you what it what those changes are, the things they would share with those younger versions, you open your arms big and wide, and you invite all of those younger versions to fly forward into your waiting arms.

And you just hold them and hug them and whisper in their ear everything they're ever going to need to know, believe, feel, experience, understand to be awesome. When you know you've got it, breathe all of the colors you've acquired on your journey through all of you at the same time. And notice how all of you begin to blend, to merge, to combine, to integrate synergistically, harmoniously, exponentially more powerful together than any of you on your own. So you're one full and complete united state of you, right?

You don't need my dialogue. It's just pretty. Just understand the key points, right? Get their get the contract.

Then of course, you integrate them, test it, and bring them out. So, um, make sure that they're focused on pleasure. They know the rules of engagement. You have a hypnotic contract.

You elicit the safe place. You resource them. You elicit the pleasure state. You amplify it.

You affect bridge back to the very. First scene, situation, or event. You integrate them into it. And then,.

I've seen it done both ways. In this one, just for simplicity,. I had. I brought them back to the present, told them what we were going to do, and.

Then sent them back. You could theoretically just tell them what to do while they're still there. I find it's a little cleaner and easier to explain if. I have you leaprog, come back and go back.

Does that make sense? At first,. I used to dis like he's like, "What?". See, that's that's what.

I try to avoid, right? So, if you want to have if you want to have them standing off to the side and telling them what you're going to do. Next with the gift, you can do that. Or if you want to go back, integrate them into the into the memory.

So you know where it is. So you can go back and find it and. Then bring them to the present, give them instructions and have them go back. Either way works.

I've done it both ways. Okay? There are certain things that you you can just completely fudge, which is most of hypnosis once you understand the principles, right? But certain mechanics are are are just a better idea just to stick with until you you don't need them anymore, as my wife likes to say, right?

And. Then what you do is you have them teach that younger version everything they're ever going to need to know to be amazing. And. I always start with a hug and hi buddy.

I'm you from the future, right? And because every once in a blue moon you have a child who's a little bit stubborn. They don't want to believe you're from the future or whatever. Make them believe you.

Right? So where. I come from the technology exists, whatever their orientation is, it's their techs tech people. Let's say technology.

If they're magic people, say magic to come back from the future and change the past. And that's exactly why. I'm here. So,.

I have a gift for you. And. Then have them whisper whatever that little child would most need to know to have the most amazing life ever. And.

Then. I talk. And. Then.

I add. I layer on top of that. And. I give the client complete freedom to alter my words in whatever way is appropriate.

I love you. Good things are going to happen. Not. So good things are going to happen.

People are going to do things you like. They're going to do things you don't like. Some people are going to come into your life. Other people are going to go out.

But no. Matter what happens, no. Matter where you go, no. Matter what life hands you,.

I'm going to be here right. Beside you to hold your hand, to give you that hug, to remind you that you're awesome. I love that you're loved, you're, you know, forgiven. There's nothing wrong with you.

Whatever words you want to use to it, you're going to find that as you're working with the client, words are going to come out of your mouth. You're not going to know where the hell they came from, and it'll be exactly what the client needs. Own that. That's just a ph that's just a byproduct of doing hypnosis, right?

There's a lot more going on than what you're consciously aware of. Every now and. Then something will come out of your mouth and be like, "No.". And and it'll land on the client.

The client be like, because it was some for some weird politically correct incorrect reason, it was exactly what they needed, right? Just again, surrender, trust more, surrender to the process, right? So you walk them through their timeline and you cycle you groundhog day them until it until they're satisfied and. Then you bring them back to the present.

Future pacing cleanup exit. It's actually easier to watch it than to explain it. Right. How you feel?

Good. All right. get something that microphone something that blows your mind. Yeah, there's something that blows my mind and that is that looking back at my actual life, there were moments when. I had to take a big decision when something from the future whispered into my ear for instance, remember who you are.

You're safe. It's safe to take this decision that was difficult. And. So the process that we went through now makes me wonder whether there are multiple timelines that exist at the same time.

The the technical term is retrocausality and we've documented several cases of that. Actually. Brent. Bal in his books talks about uh the.

First time it happened to him. Remember he could he could hold on to that. Remember something. The past is only real in your head.

The only place you have free will is in the past. So when you go back and intentionally change the past, you free your future, right? And if the memories you have aren't even accurate representations of the [ __ ] that happened in the. First place, why not change them to something better, right?

You're not stuck. It's just nobody told you how to log in. Good job. Give a big round of applause.
