Title: LcSky2f8s_4.txt
Video Id: LcSky2f8s_4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcSky2f8s_4

That [Music] hello hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David checking in just wanted to uh pop on real quick and uh check the uh the equipment. I'll be doing a couple of live streams over the course of the.

Next uh seven days or. So and. I wanted to make sure the internet was up to. Snuff and the cameras are working and all that good stuff.

So a quick shout out to. Jeff and. Veronica and modernday. Sparta and.

Laura and. Seth is there. H shadia is there. Jacob's there good good good can you guys all hear hear me okay.

Go ahead and type it in the chat if you can hear me okay. Leonard says thanks for making my. Friday well you made mine brother all right. Well i'.

I've put a moratorium on talking in my grand in my father's house. So all my uh all my relatives are huddled in the living room trying to be quiet while. I'm talking to my extended family abroad uh my audio is a little interesting there was some background yeah. I've got there were people talking in the background.

I am not in my normal. Lo and kind of pressure testing um the internet and stuff uh here just to make sure that when we do our amas. Next week and our webinars and stuff like that that uh everything is just kind of going out okay. You guys getting ready for.

Christmas or whatever holiday you're celebrating this time of year let's see here. Bradley says good evening thanks. David appreciate you taking time to say hello hey. Tina.

Tina's here from. ICU in. Waring. Private.

Hospital. Seth is here. Saul very good. Saul you're driving across.

Iowa to see family for the holidays fuzzy camera okay. Anybody else seeing fuzziness in the camera. I'm using the uh the laptop camera rather than my normal uh. Logitech um.

I'm just worried because. I'm. I'm actually because of the travel and everything else. I.

I. I set up a a monitor. Extender on this laptop and. I don't know how it's draining how it's working on all the system resources uh.

So. I might be a little bit sluggish just because. I've got three monitors running off of a laptop instead of uh everything else there's. Jacqueline and.

Patty and lioness audio is still a little muddy in spots. But intelligible okay. Good to know and actually let me see if. I can do something about that really quickly um microphone array real.

Tech. I don't know if this is going to make any difference is this better or worse. I just switched to the. Nvidia app is that better or worse pretty cool looking okay.

All right. Well let's go ahead and get this show on the road as they say what do you want to know about what do you want to talk about it's a. Friday night you're obviously all not out doing stuff or you're getting ready to go out it's about 900m here on the. East.

Coast where. I am in uh the lovely villages in. L. Lake.

Florida. So if any of you guys are in or around the. Villages you want to hang out let me know. I'm here until the 28th or.

So. So brick. T is asking you got a shortcut to identify with de magic it's a new and vague idea to me um. I know quite a bit about deity magic as a matter of fact um if you can ask me a more specific question.

I might be able to give you a better response. Laura says sounds like the native processing inside of. Zoom okay. That makes sense because.

I'm primarily using. Zoom as opposed to my wonderful. Yeti micro which by the way. I did.

I actually went out when. I got here and bought like all the same equipment that. I have in my home office uh in. California.

I just don't know if. I'm going to have enough juice to push everything um as it is now. So. Lori says.

I'm 30 minutes from. The. Villages. Okay.

Cool. So anybody else in the. Orlando. Tampa.

Okala area that uh wants to do some cool stuff any. Divine channeling for manifesting getting pregnant. I can think of a few defined channelings for manifesting and getting pregnant. But that's uh probably not the proba probably not the answer you're looking for um again the best thing that.

I can tell you for manifesting things like pregnancies and and and things of that nature is probably going to be the image cycling process you know studying a lot of stuff right. Now. I really really am and a lot of it works really good um. But one of the things that a lot of my students who have actually gone into some of these trainings with me are discovering is that the old stuff works.

But the new stuff that we're doing which pulls from the same sets of principles just it's a different treatment of the uh of the topics or of the of the information still works faster uh image cycling still seems to be um the the the process that gives you the single biggest bang for your buck everything. I'm learning now in my. Daoism classes and my. Christian mysticism classes and my cabala classes and my um and my.

Buddhism classes takes a huge amount of prep and and there's this really long training process that um you go through to get to to to qualify for certain levels of teaching and. I think there's a place for that. But most of us aren't studying to be priests uh most of us aren't studying to be sages or. Mystics we're more on the.

Practical. Magic side we want we we want simple clear techniques to to solve a specific problem and to to be quite honest with you. I still haven't seen anything that works faster or better than image cycling for manifesting things that are patently uh practically impossible. U nothing's beat it um and.

I keep looking believe me. I'm always. I'm always looking to beat the control you know and. So.

I think if you if you want to get pregnant chadia. I think the the best thing to do is create a very powerful image cycling list do a series of like gray room and general negativity clearing and transformational triad stuff to clear out any blocks or reasons you have for might may not having a child or manifesting the conditions necessary to uh to have a child and. Then just start cycling and just follow your coincidences and and and the the the hints from the universe about where to go. Next sometimes it's not going to seem very linear it's going to be almost counterintuitive some of the things that you're going to be having to do or wanting to do.

But that's usually how. M cycling. Works um a lot of times the. Transformations that.

U this thing produces are not linear they're not always um you again it doesn't you don't think you're getting where you need to be going. But you do see. So. Leonard's asking what is the difference between rapid attraction secrets and attraction.

Mastery which one you recommend for meeting girls during the day and running out of things to talk about um. I would recommend attraction. Mastery for that um and. I'll tell you why um rapid attraction.

Secrets is phenomenal it's absolutely a great course and it's it's a little bit simpler um than attraction. Mastery. Hence the difference in the titles um. But if you're going to be focusing a lot more on.

Day game uh focusing a lot on dating within your. Social. Circle um or even prolong you know ltrs and and and. Beyond.

I think attraction. Mastery actually gives you a bit more to work with uh than rapid attraction. Secrets now the rapid attraction. Secrets if you're just if you're interest in going out meeting someone and getting the date and having successful.

First date bada. B bada bing bada boom right. Uh rapid attraction. Secrets is probably a good use of your time and energy.

But if you want something a little bit more uh that takes you a little deeper into the relationship management side of things attraction. Mastery is going to give you a little bit more to go on okay. So those are the they have a lot of similarities. But attraction.

Mastery goes a bit deeper into things that we wouldn't we didn't cover in. Rapid attraction secrets. So. I hope that helps.

Robin's asking how do you deal with guilt regress to cause and um change the exper experience right. Um there's different types of guilt um. But at the end of the day what you're going to have to do is you're going to have to activate the tissues follow the memory back to its source um dissolve the negative emotion reprocess the. U the experience and reframe the memory and and.

So when you're dealing with guilt that's usually the again it's going to be this the basic process for anything. But especially guilt and when you're when you're dealing with guilt it's also important to remember a couple other things a that um the things that happen happened for a reason they couldn't have happened any other way in order for you to learn the lessons you needed to learn from it and as long as you can find those lessons um you can let the guilt go you can let the feelings go because you've learned the lesson and your body now no. Longer needs to hold on to that guilt to remind you of something that you did that was wrong in your own mind okay. T.

Tiff's asking. I'm currently in a very dark place and not sure. I can keep living much longer. But wondering if.

I can find out what my life purpose is other than suffering greatly with pain for all of my adult life okay. Well. First of all. Tina there's always a higher reason for everything that we go through sometimes we can't see the forest for the trees okay.

Um and we all go through the those long dark nights of the. Soul some of those some of those dark times. Last days sometimes they. Last months sometimes they.

Last years i'. I've been through several periods in my life that were very dark and challenging for me. But the important thing to remember is. God doesn't make junk and he doesn't make and it doesn't make mistakes and.

So the things that happen to us they don't happen to us to punish us they happen to us to teach us something to give us resource resources for things that we're going to need in the future now a lot of times there's layers to that learning there's layers to everything that we're going through right. And part of those experiences that you have are directly related to your mission in this life your purpose for being right. And um that's the. First thing to remember that there's nothing random in this universe everything happens for a reason and the universe did not create this to punish us it created all of this for us to learn and grow and become more of of what we're destined to be and to discover who we truly are sometimes that involves going through a lot of dark um.

But nothing is wasted if you ever heard you probably heard if you've been around for any length of time you may have heard me say that nothing you've ever experienced or nothing you've ever gone through is wasted there's always a deeper longer longer game meaning to the thing things that we go through okay. Um. I don't know you that well you know certainly not as well as. I would like to because obviously this is a a.

YouTube channel. But if you want somebody to help you and work with you on finding that life mission finding that life path. I invite you to give our office a call 858 282 4663 and speak to one of our. Associates um.

I recommend. Moss uh. Moss. Lightman is probably uh and.

Bernie uh. Bernie. Dietrich are probably two of the best train people that. I've put out um they're always available to help people go through things and to kind of unpack and attack uh the deeper meanings behind the things that we experience.

But believe me when. I tell you or don't believe me it's really your choice um. I spent a lot of time developing uh. Technologies and curriculums that are designed for you to not have to believe in them for them to work for you.

But if you ask the right. Questions your neurology will give you answers and they'll give you very powerful answers that will inspire you to build on and work through through the things you're going through. So that you can because on the other side is another. Plateau another level for you okay.

You're not alone no. One no. One in this world is ever truly alone we are we suffer many times under the illusion that we're alone. But we're not there's a lot of forces at work conspiring to make sure that we learn the things we need to learn and have the experiences we need to have to ultimately come out to the good on the other side of those things okay.

Um let's see here hopefully that helps. So. Saul says. I don't know if it's my phone.

But the screen is on some sort of paused. I hear nothing it might be a. I think it's on your end it might be a bandwidth issue. Saul uh.

Lucy is saying hi. David peace and joy to you and your family this holiday season hope you have a nice and warm holiday well thank you very much it's always warm in. Florida even when it's cold uh let's see here let's see. Rick's asking to what degree can you connect with.

Gaia or nature and tap into animals and predict their behavior like. Shaman to do what a lot of that is based on your level of identification and rapport with the forces you're working with um in a lot of the mystical. Traditions when you go out into into the woods what you want to do is you want to actually connect to to. Source connect to.

Earth through your. Earth star and your soul star bring that energy and activate your. Center core and your soul and. Then you want to dissolve into the.

Earth and as you dissolve into the. Earth and you dissolve your three bodies into the. Earth and you bring more light into the three bodies that emanation that you start to embody that. Radiance will actually start to pull animals towards you because they're attracted to that.

Radiance very very naturally um the degree to which you can you can get in sync with animals is a lot based on how much in sync you are with yourself and what degree of sensitivity and identification you have with the forces of nature how in tune are you with uh the spirit the the the animal world how in tune are you with the. Plant. World how in tune are you with the mineral. World each of these.

Realms or levels of consciousness uh give you access to certain types of information and there are trainings and teachings for that. But most of them are kept uh pretty secret um. I. I my intention is is one day to to offer people access to those teachings um.

But. I'm being trained in in in a very traditional way. So. I have to make sure that.

I'm true to um. The. Vows that. I'm being asked to to honor as well as creating something new and.

Powerful for people that can just start in in little pieces and. I. I. I.

I. I bring people into that. World by giving them simple techniques and skills and and abilities to solve specific problems and if they if those things work for them and they decide that they want to keep going. Then bit by bit by bit we can can introduce you into those traditions and those trainings and those teachings um and.

Then you go as far as how far you go into it is based on how far you're willing to commit to the work you know and what you you know the work you put in. So um if you ever heard me say uh in. Planet. David for everything you get from me you're always going to pay twice the.

First one is usually the money the investment the tuition right. That gives you access to the information and it's the easiest payment to make because you can always make more money that's the one thing that that is is a certainty in this world is there's never a lack of money there's only a lack of initiative and ideas and. I've really found that to be true right. Um the.

Next the. Second payment is the one that is is the most important payment and that's the payment of time energy effort to actually roll up your sleeves and and do the triggering that you're given and to to qualify for the. Next level and that's what takes takes you from access to ownership one of the one of the the flies in the ointment of human nature is that we're always looking for the quick and easy and. I do my best to give you as close to the quick and easy as possible while still laying the foundation for higher things.

But 99% of the marketers out there they're just going to sell you a line of. BS saying it's the quickest easiest because they know you're. G to buy it right. But if you if you if you focus on the fact that whatever you get the money is the easy part.

But if you really want to own that skill set or that result the the the result doesn't come from the purchase it comes from the work of applying the knowledge that you've paid to have access to right. In the te in the trainings and the and the the very traditional systems that that. I'm being schooled in um you're expected to ask questions and you're expected to report what happens to you as you're doing uh doing the work because it's by what you report to your teacher that lets them know if you're doing the work and what teachings to give you. Next and.

So a lot of times um if you just be quiet and keep to yourself the teacher doesn't give you anymore because they either they either give you more and you can't do it or they don't they stop teaching you because you're not doing the work from their their criteria that's always that's always wrangled me a bit and. I. I won't go into a tangents on that. But.

I try to make things more accessible to people uh fortunately for me um as opposed to some of my teachers and a lot of my teachers. I don't have a lot of the same vows of secrecy that they were forced to take uh and. I'm actually quite proud of that. I think that.

I think that was part of one of the universe's big plans was for me to find access to these teachers and and not be bound by these. Oaths largely because. I think the universe has a greater plan. I think the universe wants more people to have access to this information at whatever level they're ready to to embody it.

So. I'm going to get off my little pedestral there. But um. I'm sure there was somebody there out there needed to hear that um.

South fla says. I used to live in. Orlando. I'll be going back to.

South. Florida when. I have a. St a giant stack of money gay brother um.

So back to. Brick. T's idea there's lots of ways to connect with animals. But it's all going to be report and how open and sensitive you are and how much.

Radiance or light you're emanating they're drawn to that light and as long as you're embodying that and dissolved in it and one with it they'll they'll butterflies will come and land on your arm and all kinds of cool stuff okay. Um shadu. I struggle with image cycing that is very good very little good manifesting out of it often getting opposite or getting part of what. I wanted.

But not the way. I would want or lose okay. So one of the. First things that has to happen when you start looking at image cycling is image cycling is not gentle many times for um image cycling to work it's going to blow up your life right.

Um sometimes like if you have this one job that is like your life. I'm using this as an example. So. I hope nobody's taking this as a suggestion right.

If you're if you're if you're clinging to this one job because it it gives you enough to live on with a little left over and it's safe and it's comfortable and you have these aspirations of having or being something large than that a lot of times um all those support systems will just blow up. Universe say oh you want this okay. You have to give up this and that's the whole idea one of the things. I.

I need to caution you guys about um and. I'm big on. Law of. Attraction okay.

I'. I've been very good at manifesting both positively and negatively for a good chunk of my life. I just didn't realize how good. I was at the negative um until.

I started really seeing clients. But one of the things you got to understand is that nothing is free which kind of kind of lies in the face of the psychology of a lot of people who study law of attraction a lot of the problems that we have with law of attraction is people come into this idea of manifestation and and creation as a something for nothing. Gambit it's like if. I just put these pictures up on the board and do these affirmations every day magic will happen well yes.

And no. Um if the things if things align properly. Then what will start to happen is you will be started to be put in situations and circumstances where you need to make choices between how you used to be and a new way of being which means at some point you're you're at this little proverbial fork in the road between being the way you've always been and being the person who can have those things and you have to choose it's not free that you're going to have to give up something to get something and the problem is is like we're trying to reach for that that that far off trapas while still holding on to that old identity and a lot of the things that we want require us the universe says we have in order to have that we have to be somebody else we have to be something another version of ourselves and. So a lot of times when we do a lot of these these different types of.

Law of. Attraction practices and. I'm just talking about the ones. I teach one of the most traumatic classes that.

I ever took. Was my. DNA. Theta manifestation class.

I cried like a baby for four out of the six hours of that class right. Why because in order for me to have the things. I wanted. I had to clear things out of myself.

I had to go through ego death after ego death after ego death. I had to clear traumatic memories and things. I was holding on to and things. I was angry about and things.

I was frustrated about or things. I was righteously indignant about in order to become somebody who could manifest a higher vibration and a higher level of things as a result of that of that uh of that process. So. I want to tell you guys that if you're if you're getting the.

Opposites of what you're searching or what you're manifesting with image cycling congratulate yourself why because if the didn't work nothing would happen nothing would change the fact that you're getting a result means something is happening now it's calibration right. And most of what you'll get in life most of where you'll get to where you want in life will not be these sudden. Revelations it will be iterations it'll be little measurements of where you're at saying okay. I need to tweak this.

I need to tweak that the other thing. I wanna. I want to caution you guys about and this goes back to um when. I talk about the the five characteristics of lucky people and one of the five characteristics that all.

Lucky people have is something called specifically vague specifically vague means they focus on the what they want. But not how it's going to manifest and one of the things that happens many times when especially in any form of. Law of. Attraction and deliberate manifestation is we try to micromanage the universe we try to say this is what.

I want and this is how. I want you to bring it about that's not generally how the quantum field works right. You need to focus on the thing you want and the feelings connected to that and let the universe's own. GPS.

Galactic positioning system right. Move you to that space right. And and sometimes it'll be linear many times it won't many times you want to go right. There and the universe takes you all the way over here and over here and over here and all of a sudden boom you're there faster because the way even though you thought you could see a straight line between where you were and where you wanted to be it's not that way right.

There are things that we see the things that we're aware of and there's things that we aren't right. So this is part of learning how to be in harmony with yourself and. Then in harmony with the universe and. Then learning how to trust those coincidences and happenstances around you realizing that something else is driving the bus right.

Um is that useful is that helpful for people let me see here yeah a lot of people the shadow work is just again it's just. Shadow work is just cleaning up your that's all it is um. So just said it's been frustrating yeah crap's going to come up that's just how it is and everybody. I know goes through it some are aware of it some aren't.

Bruce is arua is asking if you want to attract success and be influential to ensure success what courses would you recommend in sequence great question most people if you want to be successful it starts with what you do inside your mind. So for people who are not interested or have no. Interest in being therapists for other people the place you start is always going to be self-mastery supercharge. ER killer influence me repeat that self-mastery supercharger killer influence okay.

Those two. G those two trainings are going to give you the inner game and the outer game of human influence and understanding human beings okay. Now once you have that core. Foundation depending on where you want to go and what you want to accomplish other courses may be useful for you okay.

But that's where. I would start for most people uh. Patty is asking uh that. Tina okay.

She's talking to. Tina uh w w solo is asking. D you been have you been through. Kundalini.

Awakening yes. And no. Um. I have been through moments of.

Kundalini activating um. I am trained in uh the. Kundalini. Awakening process that was created by.

Dr. Glenn. Morris many many years ago um. I know quite a bit about.

Kundalini. I do not practice. Kundalini. Yoga anymore um.

I'm focused on other things. So the question is yes. I've experienced. Kundalini have.

I had a full. Kundalini. Awakening. I'm going to say no.

Okay. And in a lot of the in a lot of the trainings that that. I'm working with it's not even something we even worry about in the. Buddhist mysticism the.

Dallas or the. Christian systems the calist systems we don't deal with the. Kundalini process at all at least not the way most people think about it um. Tina says thank you.

So very much for giving me a lot of encouragement and hope which is priceless thank you. So very you're welcome. Tina that's why we're here right. How do you cure a stigmatism.

Jose. I wish. I knew. But.

I don't know how to cure it. But. I know where to start point to where you feel it find the initial sensitizing event or the original cause. Magic.

Frame. It color breathe it spin it and. Then evaluate how your vision changes and. Then ask different questions stigmatism is almost always a chronic condition.

So you have to address this what we call the sematic search engine a little bit differently um. But. I would start with the. TR the transformational.

Triad and. Then if you have somebody who is trained in uh identity by. Design um regression regression therapy and. Then vibrational he in those would be the three best uh if somebody if you can find one of our practitioners who's trained in all three there's someone who can approach these things from a purely holistic psychoenergetic perspective and see why you created the astigmatism in the.

First place and what needs to happen for it to go away. Then it's just. Then it's just a process of of doing those things um blute is asking about seduction what most important as a man wanting to get women being dominant three magic question question in. Echo or being playful fun.

I'll be honest with you um. I think personally that being extremely dominant will attract a certain type of woman um and it will scare away a lot of others what. I have found more often than not is being a very dominant person who is very funny and playful is far more alluring and enticing because it's a it's a juxtaposition of opposites and this is something that that uh people find very attractive in general that that oxymoronic kind of a process where you have this super big dominant guy who's just a barrel of laughs and. So fun and playful that you feel safe and comfortable around him right.

Um. I have found that humor is probably um far more attractive at least initially than dominance now again there's different types of dominance as well right. A lot of people consider me to be very dominant. I think.

I could be way more dominant than. I am. But. I've spent a lot of years um working on being non-threatening and and and working on coming across in ways that are fun playful easygoing um because early on in my years because of my upbringing and because of my you know my experience with being bullied and picked on and a lot of the generational trauma that.

I was gifted with that. I didn't find out about until a couple years ago right. Um. I.

I walked around with a big ass chip on my shoulders and. I thought that the way to get people to like me was to intimidate the out of them and no. Matter and here's the thing you can't intimidate people into liking you right. You can't you can't be a bully and expect people to like you fear you yes.

Respect you maybe maybe. But like you no. Right. Uh and.

So strategically what. I have seen over and over and over again is that playfulness and fun carry the day and. Then as you get to as as you're more fun and you're more playful with people and they they feel good around you and they like hanging around with you now all of your other characteristics and traits have an opportunity to be expressed right. You know when.

I tell people about when you look. At people on a dating apps you you look. At these these long drawn out profiles to say you know. I want a man who's uh courteous kind loyal.

Thrifty. Brave. OB. Obed and reverent and.

Must. Love. Dogs and drink red wine right. And you say well that's me.

I. I'm. I'm this guy i' have you know. I'm checking all the boxes they're lying to you because all the things on the profile all the things on the profile only count if the person that you're trying to get to like you is having fun with you if the person's not having fun with you if they're not enjoying the time they spend with with you it doesn't matter how courteous you are it doesn't matter how much you love dogs it doesn't matter how much you love uh going on on you know panina coladas and getting taking walks in the rain and all the things that are on their profile you won't get to them because you're boring because she didn't enjoy your the time that they spend with you and.

So it's really important to focus on the fun. Cindy lper said it best. Girls. Just.

Want to. Have. Fillin the blank right. And here's the secret.

I found a lot of times is that the fastest way to make sure that your date is having fun a make it about them and. B make sure you're having fun a lot of guys um and. I. I.

I you. I use guys in the generic term. But you know it really doesn't matter it's gender to gender it's whoever you're seeking to attract um the problem is a lot of times is we're not we're not finding ways to enjoy the act of meeting people and. I'm the.

I'm one of the biggest. I you know. I. I learned a lot of the skills that.

I'm sharing with you guys because. I didn't have them. I didn't get taught those things maybe. I had a latent.

Gene somewhere that activated as. I grew up. But. I.

I didn't have those things. I had to try. I had to study book. After book.

And go to seminar after seminar. I studied with some of the most famous and. Infamous people in the world because. I had problems that.

I needed to solve and every now and. Then. I'd find somebody who had a gold nugget and. I'd put it in my little pack um.

But the one thing that that. I see over and over and over again is this ability to just go and enjoy the process of interacting with a human being and find ways to make it fun. I was. I'm here visiting my father right.

And it's. I think. I've. I haven't.

I've made it um. I don't think. I've made it a secret that the early years with my father weren't the best right. Um in fact for most of my adult life.

I wanted nothing to do with it and things started to change as. I got better. But. I was out with my father like two days ago and we decided to get something we're hungry right.

I'm doing. I'm running errands out here in. Lady. Lake we decided to run into this chickf we go to this chickf.

FL and it's wall toall people like there was not a seat in the place there was a a line in the. Drive-Thru like twice around the building. So we we order the food and there's no. Place to sit and.

I'm thinking like okay. Well how am. I going to handle this my dad sees these two open seats right. Next to this couple it's it's one of those four seaters right.

And. I'm like he's not gonna and he just walks right. Up to him he say are these seat taken and he sits down and he just starts shooting the with these guys a couple and. Next thing.

I know he's talking to the people. Next. Next to him on the other side. So all of a sudden there's like six of us all sitting around and.

I'm just. I'm just being quiet watching this right. And. I realized something from watching that interaction most people actually want to interact and even if they don't want to feel like they want to interact at.

First the minute you open that conversation they feel a pressure to reciprocate all you have to do is make it easy for you right. And. I literally watched all the ice melt in the scope of 20 minutes from complete stranger we knew where they were from we knew their names we we knew how they got there how long they've been in the. Villages and.

I just sat there and watched my dad operate right. Now my dad's like 85 right. And. I just he learned how to do that early on you know and and it doesn't have to be hard.

But you have to understand that people are e they either want to hide behind their walls and they're desperate for someone to break them out or they're looking you know they're afraid to be approached. But at the same time they want to connect and the problem is is we we try to make things we make things harder than they have to be right. He opened them with a simple question are these seats taken and. Then he asked them where they're from and it almost was like a three magic questions protocol watching that that whole thing roll out.

But people need connection and every day is an opportunity to get better at it. But the whole point was he when he approached he didn't approach all serious he didn't approach all um you know all dominant he's like hey how you doing are these seeds taken like very fun playful easy goinging and you could feel the couple as he approached you could feel them stiffen up because some dudes entering their bubble and by the way that's normal a lot of us think that when we get approach when we go up to walk up to someone that anxiety that tension that we feel makes us like we have some kind of social phobia or social anxiety no. It's actually normal it's a human thing and just understanding that that stranger approach process is a normal human thing allows you to to think about it differently and it it changes the actions you take as a result of that right. So.

Anyway. I'm. I'm going off on tangents because again. I can and nobody's checking out.

So. I assume you're you're enjoying the process. Anyway uh let's go back to questions um let's see um. So.

Jacob is asking how would you recommend practicing the sway test seeing. I'm not able to get down to the live meeting at this point well. I know. Saul that was it.

Saul or. Jacob. I know both of you are in the um in. The.

Mastermind okay. So the. Next time we do a mastermind just put it on your your practice list and if we have time we'll we'll we'll do the drills through. Zoom also um because you're in.

The. Mastermind uh chat group feel free to reach out on. Facebook. And and say who wants to get together and practice uh practice the sway test and stuff like that and you'll get a lot of people raise your hand you'll get a lot of veterans actually we'll say hey.

I'll practice because you know that's one of the reasons we do the. Mastermind is. So that people have the opportunity to actually just go and practice uh cool stuff with cool people and and you know once you're in the group it's there's all kinds of good stuff in there a lot of good people in there a lot of highly trained people in there right. Next to people who've been doing this like 20 minutes.

So. The. Mastermind is really where. I would recommend you go and look.

For opportunities to train um see here brick saying. I heard a magician say that the information available about magic and the elements for beginners okay. Hold on a. Second how do we turn down free bacon why would you want to turn down free bacon dude are you like a rabid vegan or something uh on a.

Second there's aot. I think. I missed a bunch of things here [Music] um. Jacob is asking in.

Chinese face reading would pointed ears be both a sign of childhood trauma and exaggerated emotions. I saw it to find both ways in lilian's book. The answer is yes. Um.

I would not. I would not countermand anything in lilian's book. Um what. I would say is um.

I would absolutely ask questions before making a final determination of what the the reason behind that marking is what you'll find out with some traits that there's multiple layers uh to a trait and both and all of them are true or a good chunk of them are true or sometimes only one of them is true. So uh pointed ears. I would really have to. I'd have to see the ear um because sometimes people don't have a pointed ear.

But they have like part of their ear that's really flat and. So it looks like ear comes to a point um those are usually trauma the things like that are usually trauma related that's been my experience uh. Scotty says hello. HUD.

Dr. D hey. Scotty. H.

Jacob says from an influence perspective what's the purpose of saying this means yes. This means no. Is to help bring the room into an. Associated.

State what it means is when. I say this that means yes. When. I do this it means no.

But if. I'm saying something that intuitively should sound like a yes. Or no. And.

I'm doing the opposite. I'm sending you a deliberate mixed message okay. It's one of the. First things that you want to start paying attention to uh when you start looking at people's body languages do their head nods match their words because many times they won't okay.

So it's it's it's it's a it's a congruency check. But also a lot of times because sometimes my my particular. View of the information that. I'm uh communicating some people might find it provocative or believe that uh it shouldn't be taught.

So sometimes. I will give deliberately in congruent messages just. So the people with the eyes. To see and the ears to hear understand what.

I'm really trying to communicate okay. Okay. Um brick. T honestly.

David who do you go to to get this level info you gave about. Gaia and connecting to animal. Consciousness. I only heard shamans do this while on shrooms and what type of people are you teaching you um.

I'm learning from a guy named. Dr. Jerry. Allen.

Johnson um. But. I also have access to a lot of other um. Shaman type people in who.

I have their books and. I've trained with them personally and things of that nature um you might look. Up. Yun.

Ming. Jang who is a a. DST. Shaman um um he doesn't speak much.

English though. So you might have a little problem understanding his stuff. But. Dr.

Johnson's work is pretty accessible he's he's written probably 80 books and they're not small uh and. Then of course when you get closed behind closed doors with him he shows you the stuff that's not in the books um. I would recommend for most people um to start with the the initiation into hermetics by. France.

Bon because it's a great training manual and. Then when you get behind closed doors with me. I'll show you all the shortcuts um that my teachers showed me that were in the that are not in that book. But are uh there are okay.

Every hermetic work every true work of hermetics or mysticism will have certain safeguards and qualifiers into them inside of them sometimes it's deliberate misinformation sometimes it's the way the structure of the training is designed um sometimes um they just leave things out because they don't feel most people who are reading that book. Are at the level where they can assimilate the extensions of the basics and. So they don't tell you them um one of the things. I will tell you and again this goes back to the idea that for everything you get you always pay twice is that if you actually do the work you do the drills you do the meditations you do the clearings you do all the things that are required of you each time you go back and review.

The. Works that you're using uh as a guides you will see deeper levels of teaching other levels of teaching and insights they call them quickenings will be revealed to you because that training is part of your spiritual. Mission it's why you took. On a body it's why the things that you that are important to you are important to you you and why the things that you think need something done about them are.

So fire fire you up. So much right. It's not it's not about punishment it's about accomplishment. But what's going to motivate you to accomplish those things what's going to motivate you to take an action to move you in a direction that is designed to lead you through a set of experiences that allow you to cast off these other these older less useful less powerful versions of yourself and emerge to the true powerful being that you are inside nothing is random um and it's a it's an amazing it's an amazing mixture of free choice and predestination it's really cool how it works out.

So um hopefully that helps let's see. Scotty boy says no. NDA not sure what that's about. Jacob.

I saw. Alba emoting on the radio rating list. Al about emoting and read the book. Was disappointed not to learn much.

I don't even know what. Alba emoting is. I've never heard of that okay. Tina says.

I'll definitely be in touch with your office great love you guia always my pleasure. I'm just there's a lot of conversations going on here. So uh. Patty says that is 100.

I could not get a job for anything could not make any money e. God said no. Go be you do you do you okay. Alaska says thanks for going live.

Dr. David my pleasure um. Scotty boy says are people lucky or do we create our luck yes. We're all.

Lucky we all have the potential for greater degrees of luck. But the identity that we embody the. Karma that we come in with uh the life experiences and the narratives that we assign to those life experiences will all. Impact how much luck we can manifest okay.

That's that's really in my experience how it works bricky says. David you got a shortcut to. DMT. So we don't need shrooms or drugs yes.

Meditation lots and lots of meditation uh you could use um you could use and sound machines. But if you have any kind of epileptic issues or seizure issues that's going to be contraindicated um again. I'm not a big fan of using any kind of psychedelics especially without um without any form of spiritual supervision there's a lot of there's a lot of doctors administering these psychic these psychedelics right. But are they equipped to guide you through the the spiritual experiences these things are designed to bring about are you able bble to seal the holes that these things blow in your spirit body and your energy body are you able to deal with the entities connected to those substances that are pulled into your field when you use them right.

Maybe your model of the world doesn't doesn't include those things or or think about those aspects mind does right. I've just never. I have never ever really been attracted to any form of psychedelic um as a shortcut to. Spirit spiritual transformation it's helped a lot of people and.

I'm not here to pass judgment on that um you do you you do what works for you. But. I don't have a lot of information to give you other than what my teachers have told me um about oops sorry about that what my teachers have told me about these things and my own personal experience having worked with several people uh who've gone through [Music] um what's what's the one everybody likes to do iosa had several two or three at least two or three clients in my chair who've gone through. IAS experience and came out more messed up than when they went in it even though they came out of it saying it was an amazing experience they all wanted up with this weird tweak.

So. I don't know if it was just a bad facilitator a bad batch whatever um. I had people work with. I think it's.

IBU gain is it. IBU gain. Anyway it another one that worked really. I had actually.

I actually. W up using that that particular experience as a as a. Gateway into trans to help him get even deeper that's one thing about about trans. States you've had before if you understand things like.

NLP drug of choice and and hypnosis you can actually retrigger those those those psychedelic. States and actually use them re resummon them and use them for therapeutic and spiritual interventions most people don't have the chops for doing that. But it's possible let's see. Scotty.

Boyce says. I'm a firm believer in we create our luck can't argue with that uh lonus yesterday. I got a free pack of pre-cooked bacon in. Costco returns.

Exchange. Land by using the echo technique the lady felt. So hurt she happily all right. You gotta write me up a field report and send it to me.

So. I can use it uh in our. Next in our. Next webinar.

Lance uh let's see here anything beyond what the elements represent for advanced magicians. M magicians tons. But it's for advanced magicians. I need.

I need a more specific question. Bri not trying to put you off. Bo says wow. Glenn.

Morris me too yeah. I stud. I was studying. Glenn stuff back in the 90s.

I started with h path notes of an. American. Ninja. Master and.

I read every book. He ever put out including uh crawfish bis for the something. Soul um which. I think was only ever released uh in digital and.

Then. I uh. I went up training with. Teo.

Semco and uh um. Santiago stas um in the calini. Awakening process. So uh let's see here another mer.

So. I should do self-mastery supercharger killer influence before rapid yes. Absolutely and the reason. I say that is because um self-mastery supercharger is going to help you get your inner game down it's going to get you locked in it's going to teach you how to tap into other success uccessful attraction experts or or people who embody the skills you want.

So that when you go into the the outer game training which is either attraction. Mastery or um rapid attraction. Secrets either one of work um you're going to come in it with a with a with a sense of identity and an inner game that really makes it strong and powerful right. Let's see okay.

So. C. Bradley saying. FY the stream stops on its own as we go thanks okay.

So. Robin is saying how to deal with not knowing who you were anymore and feeling lost to take any. Next. Step okay.

I have a bunch of different ways to handle that this one is really direct um encompasses two questions it's called spiritual interrogation. So when you don't know who you are anymore or when you when you have a feeling that is not helping you you point to where you feel it you focus your mind on it and you say with a lot of intention who are you who are you who are you and you pay attention to the answer and. Then you ask the question again it's almost like you if you're familiar with the stems techniques from um hidden laws of attraction or even self-mastery supercharger it's a lot like that. But what you do is you're just gonna drill you're gonna ask who are you who are you who are you who are you and when you when you when you start when you start getting the same answer over and over again.

Then you say get out of here get out of here and you just keep saying get out of here and what'll happen is that that part will start to break up because one of the things that happens is we start to have these voices and these feelings in our head that are the embodiment or and literally the embodiment and crystallization of energy and memories and thoughts and feelings and we confuse that that running program that little speaker that's spewing this message with us. So who we truly are and when you start pounding it with that who are you who are you who are you who are you who are you who are you who are you it'll just break up and you may have tears you may have all kinds of weird emotional um expressions or experiences again remember the six dynamics of an unconscious response the unconscious mind's always gonna answer. First it's always gonna answer honestly it's always going to feel like you're making it up you're always going to have an urge to edit what just came up never loud never linear right. And you just pound it and pound it and pound it and eventually you'll get an answer that is your core and.

Then you going to get out of here you just say because once you realize that that feeling that you're having isn't you that it's a part that's some it's a like a think of it like a squatter in your apartment building that has no. Right. To be there you get out of here get out of here get out of here get out and. I don't know how many repetitions it's going to take.

But. But if you just surrender to that and just be committed to that get out of here get out of here get out of here within a short amount of time you're gonna feel that thing start to move and the idea is you just you just dissolve into it like water soaking into a sponge and let that energy come up and out and. Then you'll start to slowly it's a form of it's think of it kind of like a variation of mindfulness only it's a little bit more. I don't want to say it's aggressive.

But it's it's very very direct right. And for those of you come to. Advanced trainings and stuff like that. I will teach you the roots of that and how it's used in influence and persuasion as well.

But um it's a very powerful we call it in in the in the medical chiong we call. Therapeutic. I call it at least therapeutic interrogation and it really is a way to just blast things. But you got to be relentless and you got to be driven right.

And you've got to accept you got to just you can't be satisfied with the answers until that that the same answer keeps coming up and. I won't tell you what the answer should be you'll. Discover it pretty quickly on your own okay. Let's see here uh the way 126 experience thank you uh quick question do.

I teach outof body experiences. I do not teach obes um and the reason. I don't teach it is because let me be clear let me clarify. I teach have taught and and have done remote viewing which is a little bit different than obes.

I have the teachings on. Soul projection and. Asal projection. I know how it's done.

I have teachings for it. I do not currently practice it and. Therefore while. I could teach it.

I can't do it at least not not to the degree that. I think somebody who's espousing themselves as a teacher should be at the level to do it. So at some point. I'm sure.

I will get to it or it'll become a natural it'll awaken naturally as a result of all the other things that. I'm doing. So. I do have the teachings.

But. I don't practice. So functionally no. I don't teach it do.

I have the information yes. I do um okay. Let's see here. King.

Titan says. I've already been accepted by creation that's why. I'm here just thank you the way okay. All right.

Um any other questions that. I missed are we still on. I can't tell all right. Okay.

So. Leonard's asking how would you recommend to take your courses at home can. I do an hour or two a day or should. I block off a few days and treat them like my own inome seminar you know both work.

Leonard. I would honestly. I have found that immersion tends to be a good primer and. Then what.

I would normally tell people. I was just say watch the course from beginning to end three times and. Then go back to the specific areas of the video that you want to focus on because each time you go through the video you're going to perceive something that you you weren't ready to see earlier right. So it may take you a little bit longer.

But the what. I've seen is that when you do things in threes the neurology grabs a hold of it and it does it in a more functional way right. This is why we do three times more. Hands-On training than any other uh hypnosis or.

NLP trainer in the industry right. Um tomato soup says hi my name is. Riley. Jane and.

I have a question for you. I am a current theater student and. I feel like kinesthetic report is very similar to what. I feel on stage how are those two connected the answer is intimate one of the things that that makes a good actor uh an actor is his ability to take on an a.

Persona and an identity. But. Then to expand his energy connect very deeply and very viscerally with his audience and it's that connection that a good actor can do that can draw person's attention and. Then use that energy to feed into the character and into the performance and give it back to that audience that creates this push and pull this this e and flow that creates a very deep powerful uh resonance.

So they're very very similar you can't really you can't really be a good performer without being able to connect with your audience this is one of the things that that a lot of uh technically proficient performers uh often miss and that's when people say well it's technically correct. But there's no. Spirit there's no. Life right.

Because there's no. Connection to what's happening they can be very technical and very precise in their ability to do things. But the heart isn't there the energy the connection isn't there right. In fact in h in some of the the forms of medical.

Chiang um they would actually use their instruments to project healing energy they would actually project their. Chi into the instrument and from their instrument into the patients and actually create you sound healing and vibrational healing that way to heal cancer patients um and it's the same it's the same mechanism at play uh. Scotty says oh. I have a question.

Dr do what happened to your signature vest my signature vests are in my signature closet in my signature office in my signature. San. Diego location um and uh. I will probably be wearing the actually this comes webinar.

I won't have a vest because. I neglected to bring one with me unless. I find one locally uh. I will be sans's vest this time.

But. I promise you they will be back um unless people are tired of them in which case um. I will find something else that's cool to uh to wear instead. So.

Tina is asking how do you get rid of a negative attachment from a negative entity you need to clean up your and connect to. God like literally that's that's that's the secret clean up your stuff connect to the. Divine bring as much. Radiance from that connection through your body and out through your three bodies and out as humanly possible um and as you continue to enhance your.

Radiance and clean up your stuff the food source for those energies starts to dry up they can't absorb those higher frequency vibrations and they will fight like tooth and nails to keep you stuck. But as you keep closing that. Gap and your. Radiance increases they'll move on they have to because they can't they can't absorb those higher frequency vibrations uh.

Mr snuff lopus haven't heard from you in forever my thoughts on hyper. Imperia it's cool it's fun uh check out. Don gibbons's work um you just. Google him on.

Amazon you can find all his books on hyper. Imperia blute in one of your seduction videos you mentioned women who like to chase the man not the other way around how do you make yourself the prize and make them chase you okay. Well. First of all if a woman is chasing you you're already the prize the fastest the most the most easiest thing you can do is think about the way hot women act when a guy is chasing them and act that way and you'll probably wind up scoring let's see here.

Jose do you recommend any res resources for optimal nutrition from a hermetics or. Elemental perspective well from an elemental perspective you have to look. Look. At your.

Five. Element body type. So the best thing to do would be go to a trained herbalist or acupuncturist and have them assess you in terms of your. Elemental makeup and.

Then based on that those. Elemental proportions you can start to make food choices that correspond to those. Elemental correspondences that would be the simplest way to do it in terms of hermetics um the idea of of activating the en the uh the latent nutrition and spiritual vibrations in the food is called. Eucharistic healing you literally you ever seen people praying over their food well there's a there's there's a much deeper un uh treatment to that what you do is you bring down a cord of.

Divine. Light and you you activate and cleanse and purify the food and you connect and activate its three bodies and. So now when you eat it all the the negative energy that was connected to the food the people carrying it the people preparing it that's washed away and now you're ingesting more light. So from a hermetics perspective bringing that.

Divine energy down and just blasting your food with those with that that pure. Divine energy will make the food more nutritious and assimilable for your body it'll push away or pull out any a lot of the harmful stuff right. Now listen if you're if you're if you're binging chocolate. Sundays and coconut cream pies and you're blasting with.

Divine. Light that doesn't mean you're not gonna get fat right. But you might not get quite as fat right. It's kind of interesting um um.

So hermetically filling your food with. Divine energy will make the food sustainable to all three bodies um from a. Five. Element perspective if you're using the.

Chinese systems or or the the viic the aurvedic systems you can go to a practitioner they can assess the elemental makeup of your body and. Then give you a food or a recommended dietary program that's in harmony with those. Elemental proportions okay. Um.

Lori says how do. I help my 30-year-old son relieve his grief his father passed two months ago his father dealt with addiction. But passed from stage four melanoma four months after diagnosis okay. So.

First of all when we're dealing with grief we have to give people permission to take as long as they need to right. Um one of the things. I've seen over and over and over again is that people wind up extending their grieving period by trying to shorten it. So that's where you start when you when people have a loss there's a natural normal grieving process that the system goes through and if you try to circumvent it shortcut it deviate from it it's going to wind up prolonging the problem the secret is to fully immerse yourself in it and vent it as quickly as possible as deeply as possible and realize that that's not going to be linear now four months six months eight months they're still as deeply grieved as they were in the.

First two months now there's probably something we need to look. At maybe deathbed therapy regress to cause um. Magic. Frame some other intervention um where they can get some closure.

But avoid trying to shortcut or shorten. The. Grieving period you got to let it take its course right. And.

Then assess and that's one of the problems is the part of us that. Grieves is the unconscious part the emotional part the memory based part the part of us that the neocortex the newer layer is the part that determines how long we should grieve right. If you're if you're given like you know if you have a company that has gives you good like bereavement benefits you say okay. When you you suffer a death you can have three weeks off right.

And at day 20 20 you're still you're still grieving you say. I gotta go to work tomorrow. I can't grieve anymore. So you put it in a box or you medicate it or you forget about it and you go to work well maybe you needed six weeks to grieve or eight weeks or 12 weeks or or or six months to grieve.

But work only gave you three weeks. So you gave the three weeks and. Then you put the rest in the. Box you never dealt with it again that's gonna have problems that's gonna have ramifications when you grieve grieve take as long as you need to to get that emotion out of you to let it pass through you and.

Then go back and clean up the memories clean up the the things left unset right. Get the the. The. Lion.

Share of that that process over with and. Then go back and clean it up. But if you try to shorten it the system is gonna fight you and we don't want we don't fight with the system we work with the system. So the system gets what it needs right.

And you know. I love what. I'm learning in the medical chiong. But over and over and over again 90% of what we're doing doing in the medical.

Chong is getting people to break to get people to blast through the armor of their emotion and. Then they send them off and we clean out the energy and. Then we send them off to a psychotherapist to deal with the emotion well that. I.

I'll just deal with the emotion right. Now and. I'll break you in two minutes and fix it right. Um.

So when. I say that what we're doing in the. Chinese systems and and and the mystical trainings and what we're doing in hynosis. NLP is like this it's like it's like peanut butter and chocolate these things need to be together to be a full powered practitioner and.

I love everything. I'm learning from the traditional systems. But over and over and over again what. I'm seeing is person patient comes in they're gonna give you a set of exercises you're.

GNA get a quick you know cleansing treatment. So to speak you're in and out of the room in 20 30 minutes right. But a lot of the ex. Then the homework that you're given is design for you to go home and provoke the tissue.

So it breaks your emotional armor and. Then you can come back in the. CL and the and and the medical. Chong practitioner can do the work we don't need to do that right.

We have faster more direct ways to do it all right. So um. But it all goes back to emotion right. It's the emotions you don't express it's the emotions you try to ignore or run away from or refuse to look.

At or deny that's what makes you sick that's what makes you weak a lot of people especially if you grew up in the you know the 30s the 40s the 50s the 60s to 70s real men don't cry real men you know don't eat kiche and don't express they don't show emotion because that's a sign of weakness if you're. Alpha you never show weakness right. Yeah that's true until it kills you right. But it takes a real strength to be able to go into those things and feel them and express them and experience them and still move through the world and function right.

It's not easy you know you know in growing up you know. I had. Fairly solid. Ro social.

Role. Models some of them would be considered very. Politically. Incorrect today.

But. I look. At what's going on around us and. I see young people literally they have no.

Idea who they are what they stand for what they believe in and it changes as the whatever is popular on. YouTube changes what what pop what changes on. Instagram right. And.

So they don't know who to be and they're always trying to they're trying to be themselves and at the same time get approval by everybody else well that's a recipe for disaster that's a recipe for illness right. So to to quote the. The. Love.

Guru the only way out is in. Anyway um let's see [Music] here okay. So here's some good questions um. Anthony.

Caruso. I can attract certain things easily like dates and women. But not others is that mostly an identity issue okay. So.

Anthony. I need you to get a little bit more give me a little bit more information on that question and. I'll see if. I can give you a good answer.

Cindy what would you recommend for an alternative to someone that can't physically do the spin technique when you say they can't physically do it what does that mean they're paralyzed they're unwilling to do it um. I. I don't know what that means if you can clarify that. I might be able to give you a better answer.

Jacob uh is saying guy's head nod of acknowledgement as genuine as the unconscious hello or is it more of a play gesture it's not as reliable as the uh as the unconscious hello the unconscious hello is what we call a key stimulus that all mammals have all mammals have some kind of an eyebrow recognition signal the head nod is a is based a lot on culture it's based a lot on what kind of processes that they're running. So what happens a lot of times like if in. India if youve ever seen this uh when they nod they nod like this it it sound it looks like they're nodding no. But they're actually signaling yes.

I understand or yes. Right. Um. First time.

I saw this. I was watching a movie about two girls who went on to become like world champion. Olympic wrestlers right. And every time their father would talk to they would they would do this.

I was like what's up with that and. Then. I had and. Then.

I had a client who was actually from. India like off thebat. India and every time she she nodded in airm it she would shake her head like this. So some of these things can be cultural the other thing you want to watch about with head nods is that a lot of times a person may be speaking the truth with their words.

But in their mind they're running a scenario they don't like and that when when you see that head nod they may be actually responding to the scenario they're running in their head that triggered a memory they didn't like. So calibration on head nods is really really important right. You can't just take it at face value much. So they're they're two they're two non-verbal signals.

But they're in very very different categories okay. Uh every mammal on the planet has this this key stainless this this eyebrow flash thingy the head nod can be culturally uh can can have a lot of different um reasons for it and variations. So you have to calibrate and and get a baseline um uh. Tina recurring intrusive thoughts let's see here had to get up early and have a productive day go to bed earlier um.

So. Tina is asking can a negative attachment have gone on for. So long that. I need intervention from a professional to help remove it as maybe.

I'm two week yes. The short answer is yes. The the more intricate answer is if you seek to connect with the. Divine you've already started the process.

But yes. There are there are people out there who are qualified to do higher levels of entity removal and things of that nature. So if you need that help um. Moss can point you in the direction of people that we know that are qualified to do that work okay.

Scotty says took. Me five years to get over my father's passing yet only two hours to get over my ex-girlfriend's leaving yeah okay. Scotty says. I'm as.

Alpha as an alpha male. I do cry. But. I don't eat kiche you go buddy.

But you can't spell kich worth all right. Bookie. Jones would this work for tenus possibly. I have about a 5050 hit rate with tenus the problem with tenus psychologically is that people expressing tenus a lot of times especially on the psycho emotional side is there's stuff they don't want to hear and.

So you got to have a lot of. Rapport uh and someone who's really compliant um to work with the tness or you got to be sneaky. So um it's a little tricky sometimes um okay. So.

Cindy saying they have neurological issues with their arms. So they can't do the spinning with their arms and hands okay. Then there's couple of ways you can do that you can have them spin it with their mind run them through the process and pretend like literally have them imagine their arm spinning it and. Then slamming it in and.

Then cup it for them what. I would recommend though is as they're spinning it you panamine that along with them. So that their mirror neurons are picking up your energy and your intention and spinning it as well and. Then pass them through it um everything that we point to it we reach out and touch it we spin it everything we physically do can be done as a purely mental process you just need more absorption more focus and and you may need to cycle through it a couple of times to lock it in okay.

But it can be done without the physical stuff. I just don't. I just try not to because in my experience in my opinion the physical engagement of the body makes it bulletproof okay. Um.

Anthony kuso is saying was referring to manifesting in general. I con cycle ideas of girls dates sex and have women pop out of the. Woodworks and get messages in seconds. But.

I can't even win my money back on lot well. Lotto is going to be the most challenging manifestation because millions of people on the planet are doing the exact same thing they're picking numbers and they're doing whatever rituals they have in mind to influence the outcome of that. Lotto right. So you've got a lot of quantum input targeted at the same same um the same.

Target um. I would there is a way. I'm told uh that remote influencers were using to uh. Pick lottery numbers for some mysterious reason um psychically numbers don't translate as well through uh.

The. Ether connections um. So they have they had they found a work around. Anyway uh look.

Up. Lin. Buchanan remote influence and watch that seminar and he'll tell he'll tell you about how remote influencers were using uh certain coding systems and things like that to pick winning lottery numbers it's it's a it's a very short part of the video. But apparently these people were having some significant success and of all the people um that.

I've seen who are trying to manifest winning lotto numbers that was the only one. I could that. I. I seen that was actually demonstrating some level of success.

So the name is. Lyn. Buchanan um and you can probably download the video from. Amazon and it's l linb.

Canon remote influence uh how to make more comfortable eye contact with people. I feel afraid of looking people in the eyes. Like they're gonna think. I'm weird.

Okay. Um start by looking the. Third eye right. You don't have to look.

Them in the eye you have to all you have to do is really just gaze at the direction of the eyes. And people will tend to view you as holding eye contact. But some people it's just better to just softly focus on the. Third eye and that that allows people to comfortably hold eye contact and talk remember when you hold eye contact you don't want to hold it overly long okay.

Um. So again don't don't get this serial killer. Hypno. Gaze right.

Hold their gaze break gently look. Back right. Now when most people make eye contact they do one of three things they either. Focus or gaze in the direction of the eyes.

They gaze at the mouth or they bounce back and forth it may be useful for you to play. The. Bouncing game where you look. At their eyes.

For maybe 35 45 seconds and you look. At their mouth and. Then you come back up for 15 seconds and just spend a little bit of time looking at their mouth looking at their eyes. Looking at their mouth because that that breaks up that occular that pressure.

If you ever notice when somebody looks you in the eyes. Even though there's arguably nothing else there you feel a pressure build and it's because of the energy the focus and the attention your propri reception is is. Translating that into feeling of pressure many times and that kind of freaks us out a little bit the misspelling is the calling card of the. Rogue.

V leus is saying. I wonder if you could meditate on the pentacle tarot card try it everything's worth testing. Nicole armor says. I'm late.

But. I'm here gratitude for this video the diversity of people is amazing absolutely absolutely. I. I love every single one of you you're all amazing people um and let's celebrate right.

All right. Well listen. I'm uh about an hour. I'm about 20 minutes over my time uh.

I mentioned apples for apples in a video on manifesting and made me think of the success of. AA staying. Silber by helping others get silver great great real world example of way teach thank you for that thank you all right. Well listen.

I have a family that's waiting on me they've been very pleasant and very accommodating by keeping the the noise level and the television down. So um look. Look. For me to uh to be stopping in periodically over the.

Next seven to 10 days uh remember on for those of you in the platinum and higher level uh our. Next. AMA is going to be scheduled for. Friday we may put that off day because.

I'm supposed to be traveling that day. But we will be doing the. AMA for those of you who are um into influence and persuasion join us on. December 28 at uh 800.

PM. Eastern 4 pm sorry sorry um 4M. Pacific 7. PM.

Eastern for our. Next defense against the dark arts of influence and persuasion um webinar um for those of you who haven't heard. I have about. I have a healing intensive which is three days on.

Zoom with me just clearing up as a group together we have a healing intensive coming up um. January 12th weekend of. January 12th we have like. I think 12 seats left for that.

I'm calling it at um. I'm calling it at 21 people. So. I can give everybody the attention they need if you're interested in having me help you clear up your over the course of three days reach out to.

Moss at 8 58 hold on a. Second um 858 to 824 662 reach out to moss moss will fill you in on what's required this is a virtual healing intensive it's limited to 21 people we had uh. I think nine or 10 people um get the get get the special offer at the. Last webinar.

So there's um maybe 11 seats left. So for those of you who actually want to have me work with you for three solid days as part of a group clearing up getting over blocks to success limiting belief self sabotage guilt anger grief whatever this is three days you're not going to want to miss it's going to be in. January um this is the. First one of these.

I've ever done. I don't know if. I'll ever do one something like this again. But if you're interested in the healing intensive please give.

Moss a call or you can email. Mia. NLP power.com. Moss nlpp power.com um this is not on the website.

So if you guys want to want my help clearing your stuff. Then uh that would now be a good time to use that information and have reach out to. Moss get set up for the training and uh we'll spend three days together clearing up your stuff getting over your limiting beliefs uh. I believe right.

Now the the current price is 14.97 um for three days now this is not let me be very clear the healing intensive is not a certification okay. This is literally three days of virtual therapy virtual group therapy with me. So this is not me teaching you how to do. I'll teach you some techniques.

But this is really about you and me working together and just going through your laundry list of things you want to fix and getting as much of that stuff cleared up over the course of three days as humanly possible again this is not a certification right. If you want certifications we have killer influence we have identity by. Design we have uh. Renegade reframing coming up this is a very different animal this is about you getting the help you need to move forward with your life okay.

And. Then on on day three for people who want to go further we'll show you how to work with one of our. Associates or me or whatever. But the idea here is we teach a lot of people how to do things and and we we will always do that.

But there are people out there who simply just want help and there's too many for me to see on an individual basis. So and a lot of people will never be able to travel or get to. San. Diego for whatever reason and.

So we decided that um as a way for us to give back to the community. So to speak is to give you guys an opportunity to roll up your sleeves and do the work being. Guided by me on yourselves right. So what's the phone number to call from.

Australia it's the same number. Tina you might want to use the emails um like. Mia at at. NLP power or.

Moss at. NLP power to uh to reserve your spot okay. Um. So again this is this is kind of a trial if it's successful.

Then we may do this three or four times a year every three or four months we might do a healing intensive for people who want to just burn out some stuff right. Uh for consultations again call the number 858 858 you know what let me just cut and paste the damn thing here 858 282 oh sorry not two. I'm sorry that's the wrong number. I gave you the wrong number 858 282 4663 not two it's 858 282 4663.

So let's uh let's erase this. So people don't get the wrong number because if you call the 4662 number you won't get answer 858 282 4663 one more time with feeling all right. S says great webinar. David thank you for your time happy holidays have fun with the family it's 663 guys yeah if you call the 662 number.

I promise you no. One will answer right. You'll get a voicemail. But you'll never get a call back all right.

So 858 282 4663 that's 858 282 4663 or if you're in a time zone or on a different country you give. Moss at. NLP power.com or. Mia.

NLP power.com and they'll reach out to you and get you guys registered again. I don't. I've never done this before and. I reserve the right.

To never do it again. So if you want one of those. Last remaining spots would now be a good time once we have a if we have a a sign up link. I'll.

I'll post that during another webinar or something like that date. I believe scheduled for. January 12 13th and 14th. So it's about a week before killer influence all right.

Hey guys. I love you all got to get back to the family have a if. I don't talk to you before. Christmas have an amazing holiday eat lots drink lots be safe have fun love each other remember you're never alone and you're always loved good night and.

God bless.
