Title: LI_MBoDMjVA.txt
Video Id: LI_MBoDMjVA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LI_MBoDMjVA

Okay. Very good oh that started on me all right. Welcome to my world won't you come on in just for my edification how many people were at my. Last one just a few little oh a full house and the.

Last one welcome to. Hidden. Laws of. Attraction my name is.

David. Snider and. I have stuff that. I want to share how many people here have experiences with the law of attraction cool um.

I've been flirting with these things for a very very long time now. I will be upfront with you that. I personally believe that most of the. Law of.

Attraction stuff on the market is [ __ ] it's just freaking [ __ ] okay. It's a product it's a sham sham by the way stands for self-help and actualization movement oh that's it's actually a book. Written several years ago and uh. Dan.

Kennedy who is a one of my by-proxy mentors she's forgotten more about marketing than most of us will ever learn said they got it about 80% right. Okay. Might be worth your while to research that book. My problem with people when they talk about the law of attraction is they left.

So much of it out because if you knew what you actually had to do to make this [ __ ] work you probably wouldn't do it right. Yes. You repeat the name of the book. I'm sham s h m.

I was laughing. But it actually is an acronym self-help and actualization movement oh. I don't remember. But.

I think if you. Google it you'll be able to find it. I should have brought it with me. I didn't think to.

I don't usually talk [ __ ] about other self. Law of. Attraction teachers um. I do talk [ __ ].

I am extremely critic. I'm a certified instructor in neural linguistic and pro programming. I trained directly with the founder uh. Dr.

Richard bandler. But. I studied. I started actually with.

Tad. James and and one of his in certified instructors many many moons ago and. I kind of went off into the. Wilderness came back many years.

Later jumped into. Richard's funnel to see where. I stood in terms of how the industry was and that was kind of fun when his people started taking notes from me. But uh.

But these ah damn it um. But. I'm very critical not because. NL there's the.

NLP is bad or hypnosis is better or whatever it's that most of the people who learn it can't use it the reason they can't use it is because they suck at hypnosis. I'm sorry it's just the way it is. So if you if you come to me to get certified in. NLP you will have to learn hypnosis.

First and you will have to be good at it why because hypnosis is the sloppiest easiest most forgiving mess it up nine times fix it on the 10th discipline that works all the time better than anybody any other discipline and once you have that ability once you understand how to manage trans. States how to make things up as you go. Then you can look. At any neural linguistic process and just hit the bullet points and it'll work yeah the problem the problem that we have with with some of the neuro the training methods of.

NLP the training methods of. NLP imply a very rigid in spite of the fact they're teaching you about. Behavioral flexibility paying attention to the person in front of you and all these things they tend as a meta uh program to install within you the the fear of making a mistake the fear of not being uh that the person's not going to follow the script and do it right. They also become very very in love with their own language.

I you know and they complicate things they they take very simple they make. I make a joke to error as human to really complicate things you you need a neurolinguistic programmer okay. That being said. I use.

NLP everywhere it's just that my approach to. NLP my approach to hypnosis training is very very different and very very. Hands-On let's get in there let's just hit the bullet points don't worry about the language which is ironic considering. I've offered over.

I've authored almost 15 different products on various aspects of persuasion influence and conversational hypnosis um my site is called real world hypnosis. I also have the stealth hypnosis instant convers ational hypnosis crash course we'll be covering some of that tomorrow this course is about the laws of attraction that being said what. I want you to understand is that. I have a thorough thorough uh study in the.

Art and. Science of something called hermetics how many people here know what hermetics is if you do not. I will give you the nuts and bolts version how many people have ever seen a movie called. The.

Secret yes. Okay. Do you remember the opening scene where the guy's taking the rubbing of the scroll rolling it up stuffing it and running it away what do you think he's rubbing besides that by the way. Politically.

Incorrect language offend you there's a [ __ ] door right. This means. I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh [ __ ] please don't call on me and ask me to come up right.

This means yes. This means no. Is there going to be a test yes. Yes.

Will you know when it's coming no. Okay. First and for most. I'm going to give you where what they're what they don't tell you and what the guy is doing the rubbing of is something called the tabulous smagina it's known as the.

Emerald. Tablet the. Emerald. Tablet of.

Hermes trismus or. Hermes the. Thrice great all metaphysical disciplines yoga chiong cabala. Huna and all of the religions that grew out of those disciplines come from hermetics they are based on the principles recorded by.

Hermes thousands and thousands and thousands of years ago that explain how the universe works you understand that what does the law of attraction actually teach us am. I know what does it teach us what's what's what's if we could sum it up in the reader digest version what does the law of attraction have to teach us what you focus on you'll get more of you'll attract more you'll attract more of what you you focus on anybody have anything different it's okay. To disagree yes. Sir of like vibrations attract like vibrations attract like vibrations cool we're getting somewhere anybody else it's like oh [ __ ] he's quizzing us yes.

Thoughts you have in your life become the events circumstances okay. The thoughts or events you have in your in your head become the okay. So can we sum it up safely by saying your thoughts equal vibration right. Right.

And the vi and you will attract what's in harmony with the vibration which is equivalent to your dominant thoughts the things you focus on tend to be dominant right. No. That's where they got you that's where they got you. So you have two kinds of thoughts you have two kinds of beliefs you as hypnotists already know this you have thoughts you know about and thoughts you don't know about just as a little example everybody put your feet flat on the floor.

I want this is an awareness exercise do you want to no. I it's it's it's too it's too scratchy and distracting. I don't want it um. I want you to just use say this affirmation with me okay.

I am now earning $1 million a year. I now earning1 million a year. I am now earning $1 million a year. I am now earning1 million a year now try and believe it what just happened just went up to 10 it just went up to 10 when you were saying.

I am now earning $1 million a year how many of you noticed a it felt good how many of you noticed a little weird feeling in the background little icky kind of feeling welcome to the world of the thoughts you don't know about the problem with the secret as we understand it is that nobody told us what the hell our dominant thoughts actually are your dominant thoughts are the beliefs lessons distinctions held at the unconscious level that are always running and it doesn't really matter what you do consciously until you find a way to change that get those in harmony get those vibrating in the same frequency getting in the same direction and. Then all of a sudden [ __ ] starts to happen. But the universe will test you the universe will test you okay. And it's a good thing because the the the animal in.

US runs away from the test those of us who are destined to transcend the animal run towards okay. Your reptile brain you have three brains you know this right. You have their paleo cortex which is the oldest part of you which runs the meat suit right. The one that thinks in.

Primal drives you have your lyic system or your emotional brain your. Ian brain the one that wraps feelings around those. Primal drives to get you to actually act on them and. Then you have your neocortex the new brain it's the kid it's the little 2-year-old the one that justifies and comes up with the story to rationalize while you're actually getting acting on those drives and those feelings that you have that have nothing to do with what actually might be the real reason we call the neocortex your rational lying brain okay.

And. I will prove that to you right. Now with a very ridiculous story uh it's interesting. I.

I was invited rather forcefully to sit in on. Dr. Mike. Mandel's uh training yesterday and it was interesting to hear a lot of my words coming out of his mouth his way um.

But one of the things that that was really kind of cool and and we both kind of share is this idea that your your brain makes up stories okay. Your brain is the world's largest most powerful information processing. Network it's also the most obsessive compulsive question answering mechanism on the planet and it doesn't matter how ridiculous the question is and. I will prove that to you right.

Now. I'm going to give you a completely ridiculous question and yet notice what your brain does why in fact is the. Moon made of green cheese now aside from you said what the [ __ ] did he just ask me question notice what else your brain is doing well does he mean it this way is it coming from them or maybe need it like this maybe it's metaphorical is that happening cuz it tastes good perfect perfect cause and effect statement by the way because that's what because it wasn't cheddar what was yours smoke good there are as many rationals for a ridiculous question as there are people in this room because that's what your brain does the quality of your life is determined by the the quality of the questions you ask it's that simple you got a shitty life you're asking shitty questions you're pulling shitty [ __ ] into your life shitty [ __ ]. I must be speaking.

Malaysian shitty [ __ ] they double it another mendelism. But. Anyway um if you're pulling things into your life it's because the direction of your thoughts is going that way right. And sometimes we have to take a different perspective on short-term events now we get into that.

Later today's class is going to be a combination of things we're going to talk about the physics behind the. Law of. Attraction and how you can begin to harmonize with that aspect of the planet or in this case the universe. But we're going to go a little bit different direction too how many people here know someone that if a, fell out of the sky it would fall in their back seat right.

It would miss your car completely and fall in theirs right. If they were walking down the street and fell in a hole they'd find a dollar at the bottom of it right. Good [ __ ] just happens to them don't you hate those [ __ ] people how would you like to be one or marry one or marry one how many people here in here are married by the way okay. Little less than normal.

Last time. I was here because. I teach a lot of. Attraction skills.

I teach people. I teach women how to find better men. I teach men how to find better women. I'm an equal opportunity lover in.

Vegas. I guess we can get away with that. I'm from. California.

So you do the math [Laughter]. Anyway. So moving right. Along.

So. First thing. I want to do is. I want you to understand that the vibrations you put out to the universe are directly connected to the feelings in your body now if you came from my energy.

Workshop. I talked about how to cure. Stuff how to remove. Stuff how to change that frequency everything that manifests in your life is based on the feelings in your body you are walking around in the world's largest most comprehensive organic antenna and it's the feelings in your body that are analogous to the vibrations you're putting out understand that it's not your thoughts it's your feelings your feelings fastest way to change your feelings change your posture change your breathing not your thoughts you change your physiology controls your psychology remember that you can be in the middle of a war zone assume a more relaxed posture you'll be more relaxed you may not be completely calm.

But remember this when stress hits the system the. UN the conscious mind checks out the fast the higher the level of neurological arousal the more your critical faculty disintegrates okay. That can be very useful. But it can also screw us many times.

So the. First thing the. First thing we do at any given moment is we need to control our states we need to control the feelings in our body because when we control the feelings in our body we control how we perceive reality there's a book. Called emotions revealed by.

Dr. Paul emman. I highly recommend you pick up that book. Yes.

Sir is he the same guy who. INSP yes. He was the consultant for the show. Lie to.

Me great show by the way and the the the me lie to me it's kind of the uh the inspiration from my breakout yesterday lie to me if you dare right. But in that show. Paul. Ro uh uh.

Tim. Roth played the uh the lead and he started off as a. Meek and. Mild professor and got progressively more psychotic as the seasons went on which is if you know anything about.

Tim. Roth tends to be what all his characters wind up doing at some point. Anyway and. Then the height of a successful.

Third season the show completely evaporated get every episode it's on. Netflix get it watch it take notes lie to me lie to me. Paul egman is also the man who discovered micro. Expressions if you were at my lie detection.

Workshop yesterday right. We talked about micro expressions micro. Expressions will not tell you if someone's lying. However they will tell you if somebody's suppressing emotion right.

A lot of the body language cues you worked on yesterday will not tell you if someone's lying. But they will signal if somebody's defensive which leads to lying understand the distinction the feelings in your body will pull events into your life that generate similar feelings not the event necessarily that you think. But the feeling yes. So what about the situation you are going along pretty well.

But. Then you have like your husband dies and. So you have griefs that you're going through and those feelings will be there for a certain amount of time and they should and and they should. So one of the concerns.

I think is oh what am. I attracting with those feeling right. Well you you have to when that happens you know you know the story of the. Chinese horse.

I'm not sure okay. The story of the. Chinese horse goes something like this once upon a time was a. Chinese farmer and his young son tending uh tending their field and they had this plow horse and they were working really hard to you know to get their field ready and.

Out of the. Woods comes this beautiful stallion strong young viral and and the son looks at the father and he says. Dad this is. So lucky we have another horse because they looked all over the horse there was no.

Identifying marks no. Brand nothing to. Signal where the horse came from like. Dad this is amazing.

I can't believe how lucky we we are and the farmer looked at his son looked at the horse and he said we'll see. So they they take a few weeks they train the horse up they hitch him to a plow one day that the the sun is out riding in the fields you know with the horse and plowing the field something. Spooks the horse or horse is having a bad day. PMS.

I don't know if horses get that especially male horses. But. Anyway horse throws the kid kid falls breaks his leg and all the villagers come rushing to to help and they that horse is. So unlucky if your son if you hadn't found that horse and his son hadn't to train him and tried to ride him he wouldn't have fallen he wouldn't have broke his leg that horse is unlucky farmer looked at the horse looked at the sun looked at the villagers look.

Back at the horse. So we'll see two weeks. Later the emperor marches his army through the village as he's marching his army through the village they conscript every able-bodied young male into the army except the farmer's son who's laid up with a broken leg and all the farmers rush or all the villagers rush to the farmer and they say oh my. God that horse is.

So lucky if your son hadn't fallen and broken his leg he'd be in the. Army too and he might have he might die that horse is really really lucky farmer looked at the horse looked at his son looked at the villagers said we'll see just an idea many times though we don't think that way especially in grief especially in trauma we can't see beyond that moment and we shouldn't yet one of the problems that we have as hypnotists is that we don't people who come to our who wind up in our chair haven't processed those things they've been repressing them they've been denying them they've been avoiding them they've been running away from the burning building that the firemen and the policemen and the the surgeons need to run into and if you want to evolve you have have to understand that and if you want to master the. Law of. Attraction if you want to master all the things that arise from it you need to be that person in your life.

I said at the beginning of this. Meetup when you start embarking on this. Quest the universe will test you it will put obstacles seemingly seemingly insurmountable obstacles in your way and yet if we let them stop us. Then we stop yes.

Sir wouldn't obstacles be analogous convincers in hypnotic language and um no. No. Obstacles obstacles would be um analogous to resistance to secondary gain to reasons why we can't go forward okay. And what.

I mean by that is reminds me of another story it's not that. I always tell stories. But in this case it's kind of relevant. I've studied like.

I said. I studied cabala did you guys who was around when. I said. I studied cabala right.

I'm. I'm. Prem. Madonna before before.

Madonna studied cabala. I was there. I studied at at the cabala center in buone. Florida and they told this one story it's very cool story and it it really does drive home what.

I'm getting at the the the the. Jews have just escaped from. Egypt they've come to the banks of the. Red.

Sea. Pharaoh's. Army is behind them the. Dead.

Seas the. Red. Seas in front of them and every and all the. Jews are going.

God. God save us the. Egyptians are coming can't cross the water and. God looks down at him at them and he says why are you crying to me.

I gave you everything you need save yourself and they look. At the. Egyptians and they're closing in and they look. At.

Moses. Moses looks up to. God. God.

God save us and. God repeats why are you crying to me. I gave you everything that you need to save yourself this goes on for a little while. Then.

Finally at some point because having been to. Israel and taught in. Israel and. I love.

Israelis they're very very stubborn people and they need to be they need to be one little girl gets up and she starts walking towards the towards the water and she's is walking and the water comes up to her knees and she keeps walking and she come and she keeps walking and it comes up to her hips to her chest nothing happens comes up to her neck still nothing passes her lips still nothing she just keeps walking the water reaches her nose and the sees part because she just kept going now is that faith maybe. I don't believe in faith. I don't. I do believe in.

Relentless determination though one of the biggest products you'll ever sell to your clients are confidence products confidence is [ __ ] because what do they tell us if we're confident yes. If. I'm confident in myself. I can be successful okay.

How many people here. I show of hands have ever had something that they were absolutely not confident about. But the [ __ ] needed to get done did you do it how many people here would do something if they just felt more confident about it let me ask you a question when that [ __ ] [ __ ] being a technical term that had to get done you started doing it had no. Confidence in your ability to do it when did the confidence come.

I don't make the world. I just report it if you learn to observe properly the universe will reveal its secrets to you and this is one of them if you are waiting to be confident before you can do something you will never start you understand that you will never start and the self-help industry knows that they know that if you just buy the. Next product you'll have everything you need till you buy the. Next product and.

Then the dopamine wears off the serotonin from the we out your credit card wears off and you need another fix the secret the universe will test you not your confidence your resolve when you move forward with. Relentless determination regardless of how what skills you have or don't have if you just keep going you will win it can't not happen especially if you remove time from the equation failure is only possible when you set a time limit did you know that it's impossible to fail until you set a time limit now there are certain things in our life that have to be done timely we be meditating on our navs for the rest of. Eternity right. But my point is is that you need to understand and that was what cabala really taught me was the way the universe actually.

Works versus how we would like it to work because that's actually all done in your brain your brain is taking in thousands and billions of bits of information every. Second it takes them in in the form of visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory information it creates a. Model. A map a hologram of the way the world is based on how it's interpreted the vibrational data coming in through those senses.

Then it runs into another set of filters your beliefs your memories your metapo programs right. Two two separations in the mind on a very basic level the way the world is and the way the world should be we don't have any conscious connection to the way the world is we only have a connection to the way the world should be understand that there's this old saying if a tree falls in the woods and there's nobody there to hear it does it make any sound what's the. ACT what's the right. Answer how many say yes.

How many say no. I say there's a [ __ ] trick question in here somewhere the answer actually is no. Now a better question does it create vibration the answer is yes. What.

I talking sound is an interpreted phenomena it's an interpretation of vibrational data just like the feelings in your body. But it's a feedback loop information encoded vibrationally in a certain way creates a certain sensation change of sensation change the vibration it works both ways. So everybody stand up. I do this all the time just because it's fun to watch the people go now.

I will try to be as succinct as. I can they only gave me an hour for this. So as much as. I would like to show you all the there's there's five character traits that all.

Lucky people share this is actual psychology now believe it or not problem is is all they did was study the traits and didn't tell you how to get them. I might know a few things about that okay. So the. First thing.

I want you to do is. I want you remember a time in your life when you saw something you really really wanted. I mean really really lust want okay. Yeah you can make it lust if you want.

I'm good with that that's that's my two-day training coming up. Monday and. Tuesday it's lust management 101 right. And what.

I want you to do and we have a few survivors from that class. So talk to. Joe and. I think is.

Kenner here no. Kenner's not here. But he was our poster child for the mail side. Anyway.

I want you to something you wanted you just saw it and just clicked with you right. And you knew it you just knew you were going to get it no. Matter what right. You made a plan you put the plan into action and you nailed it home run see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt let those feelings from flooding back most importantly.

I want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment just before you realize that massive. Victory. I. Want.

You to. Breathe the way you were breathing when you saw the victory in sight let those feelings double triple quadruple just notice what happens as your body goes into that posture into that breathing rate and now now without changing anything not the way you're standing not the way your shoulders are located not your weight distribution not your breathing try to feel bad notice she can't do it because your physiology overwrites your psychology always you got someone who's chronically depressed change their posture. First you got someone who's suicidal change their posture they can't be suicidal anymore they'll try you'll literally you'll walk up to them they'll be all sled and [ __ ] and you'll go shoulders out and they'll start laughing what the [ __ ] are you doing and. Then they'll try to go back and they go nope they can't access the feelings without changing the physiology you can't use the.

Law of. Attraction effectively without changing your physiology and holding it we have this thing called habits though we have to how many notice when they tried to feel bad their body wanted to change position that's the only thing that you have to be conscious of as long as you have enough conscious self-awareness to know to consciously hold the posture you can't go into a bad state or if somebody puts you in a bad. State you have the get out of jail free card to get out of it. I tested this in my clinical rotations when.

I was doing an internship in acupuncture and. Oriental medicine. I had these guy people would come in with horrible horrible problems. Then it got worse.

But the one that that really jumps out at me and this is we're going to talk about why this is important this is the foundation of everything. I teach right. Here and. Then it just gets deeper we had a guy come in he was a homosexual he had just lost his partner to.

AIDS and he had just been diagnosed. HIV positive you couldn't get any lower than this guy and there was no. Way you were going to interrupt his. State out of it now at the time.

I didn't fully understand what. I'm teaching you now. So. I did what.

I. KN knew to do. Then. I knew.

I knew the power of my physiology and my state control because of the mentors. I'd had had taught me how to modulate. State through physiology you'll learn that in my trainings it's a fundamental just it just has to happen right. Um.

So. I went there with him. I assumed his physiology and. I let the feelings just flow and.

I waited and there's a there's a sensation that happens when two nervous systems in train okay. There's a sensation in the body it's not a cognitive thing it's a visceral thing and. I waited until. I had it and.

I. I just kept talking to him and. Then slowly. Inch by.

Inch by. Inch. I changed and he followed and as he followed his. State changed and we could do the session we could do the treatments um and things he he did well okay.

Um. I lost track of him after my my acupuncture internship. But he came out of there hell of a lot better person than he was when he went in okay. That's the power you have in your meat suits in your physiology.

But our training our discipline has made us largely cognitive monsters we live we're talking heads. Mesmer had it right. Guys he didn't have the whole picture. But neither did the people who tried to discredit him and this is why it takes long for us to get changed and we're still faster than most of the the disciplines out there.

But those of you who've been through my spinning process we got to retool our right. The system is designed to have all the different levels working simultaneously. Ericson said it remember this say anybody remember they remember if you remember raise your hands your clients will be your clients because they're out of rapport with their unconscious mind what's the biggest part of your unconscious mind your body holy [ __ ] right. Yeah you got to get the meat suit involved and when you do you get changed.

I'm a big. Supernatural fan. So you know. I'm walking around in his meat demons possessing me okay.

So. First and foremost when in doubt change how you stand change how you breathe you'll change how you feel. Amman you can. I'll sit down now emman in his book.

Emotions revealed outlines and and and defines a behavior called the emotional refractory period anybody here ever been in a fight with somebody an argument seems to correspond with the people who are married. I don't get that all right. Anybody here ever not now picture this if you will if you make pictures if you don't make pictures just pretend you do you've had this knockdown dragon without argument he said she said blah blah blah you. Finally resolve it you compromise you everything is roses and violets and stuff and.

Then you notice that for the. Next 20 minutes anything you say pisses that person off again anybody ever noticed that what the [ __ ] happened there when you when you experience an emotional shift and emotions are feelings not all feelings are emotions important distinction a primal. Drive hunger thirst horniness right. Those aren't feelings.

I mean they are feelings they're not emotions they're drives when you have a drive that needs to be satisfied the lyic system wraps a set of feelings around it that set of feelings set off certain associations you generate a story to rationalize acting on the feelings to satisfy the drives there's a whole book. On that subject that personal injury eternities are eternities etern attorneys are using to win seven and eight million doll figures in verdicts it's called reptile it's all about how to present to the reptile brain you nail someone in their. Primal drives you have their whole attention you have the every level of the meat suit is paying attention. Okay.

When you want to persuade convince treat somebody when you interact at the level of their. Prim drives you get all of the bandwidth hit them in the meat okay. The emotional refractory period when you have an emotional state change or a physiological. State change the way you process information the order and sequence of priority that you give to certain elements in your environment changes.

So in the case of somebody who's extremely angry if. I'm pissed off even if we've resolved the argument. I'm still in a. State somewhat postdiy of.

Rage my perceptual filters have shifted. So now what will happen is as. I'm going through my environment. I will pay attention.

First and foremost to any data in the interaction or in the environment that perpetuates the state. I'm in or re re-triggers it it's the emotional refractory period you don't have a say in this consciously you don't get a two-minute warning that you're about to get pissed off warning r. Robinson danger danger you're about to get pissed off right. No.

It doesn't happen that way you get pissed off and realize you're pissed off. But. Then it's too late the perceptual filters have already changed yes. So uh can you interrupt that um refractory period by changing your posture.

I think you can shorten it by changing your posture and that's the important thing. I don't know for sure that we can eliminate it completely. But. I know we can dramatically shorten it by making sure our postures are right.

And our breathing is right. In the martial art that. I teach. Systema which is taught almost exclusively to.

Special. Forces who are always going into highly strenuous extremely unusual and unorthodox situations they're taught these things to dramatically change their ability to function in those environments. So qualified yes. But.

I don't know that you can ever completely eliminate it right. But a lot of the exercises and drills that they teach us are designed to impact your psyche and the psyche of the people you're in combat with it's really cool combat hypnosis literally 10 minutes all right. So here's the thing and it is a thing there are five traits that psychologists have isolated that all. Lucky people share if you hold if you learn to hold these states you will automatically attract more serendipitous events into your life.

I'm going to give them to you um. I actually have a set of videos where. I'm actually installing these in people and we actually do install these in people at our trainings and events and. I don't have time to talk about them because they only gave me an hour for this one and this one is usually a four or five hour event.

So. I will take you as far as. I can in the five minutes. I have left and show you where to go for more if you want me to do that.

But everything. I'm teaching you is based on the law of physics. So let me give you the traits. First and.

Then. I will leave you with something to ponder the traits are a. First and foremost how many people here are actually lucky okay. That was the trait for the.

First trait lucky people identify themselves as lucky people every other time prior to this when. I've started to teach this. Workshop every lucky person in the room comes up came up to me and went you know. I'm.

I'm. I remember. I'm a naturally lucky person they just volunteered it they just came up to me. So the.

First thing is you have to identify yourself as being lucky um serendipitous people are also action takers now. I'm going to make a distinction here my notes safe there are fearless that is a lie do it. Anyway they're courageous which means yeah you're scared you're going to do it. Anyway.

I'm going to give you an easier one be relentless just develop relentlessness. Relentless determination and you'll be successful perseverance this is all under being action takers there are qualities characteristics and attributes and what. I will do is if you will all provide me with your your emails and stuff like that. I will email you the.

PDF. I'm doing this from. So you can have it for yourselves okay. Uh action takers how can we give you our email oh.

I'm glad you asked um soul is it s could you hand out two cards to every person here one you get to keep one you write down your contact information in a way that. I can read it and uh. I will send you the. PDF also as a free gift from from me to you for you coming out here uh and.

I forgot to do this in the. Last meet up. I can't believe. I screwed that up if you go to um.

NLP power.com hold on. I'll write it down or you could just follow me to the hpti table and. I will kind of hang out yes. Sir can we just give you our card you can do that as well and.

I will harass you slh t l 2015 the link works now by the way um. I have. I've given you guys. I have five years of video archived on that site from every.

Mastermind session that. I've done. I'm going to give you full access to all of it for free for 30 days and there is no. Charge after that it's just going to be a 30-day go in watch as much as you want as much as you can stomach uh as soon as you go and you click matter of fact if you all want to take out your your cell phones go down and just click the link 30 days from when you yep 30 days from when you click the link right.

So that's a gift for me the other one is each of you here gets a 30-minute consultation with me for free 30 minutes. So that's why you keep the card. So you have my people will reach out to your people we'll get you on our schedule right. And if you want to pick my brain for 30 minutes you want to talk about potentially training or potentially having session work with me.

I work with a lot of hypnotists and a lot of different stuff it's your 30 minutes you do what you want okay. It's my gift to you just for coming out here and supporting me and supporting. Hypno. Thoughts.

But let's go further with this action takers um instead of worrying about something about what could go wrong they think about isn't that interesting. I'd like to give that a try little contrast right. And in the in the in the. PDF that.

I send you. I actually do have a little compare and contrastive. Analysis of what how normal average people think people have average levels of luck versus how people who psychologically have these traits in them okay. By the way one of the fastest ways to amplify and install these states is remember a time in your life when you actually felt that way stand that way for as little for for at least two minutes breathe that way move on to the.

Next state stack them or you can point to where you feel it and spin it nice see how it all works right. Um action takers they're. ALS also um hold on a. Second.

I'm just not having good luck here um any other time. I'd be good. I've had all kinds of time you remember every. I would actually.

I'm just for some reason. I. I screw it they're very social people who are very lucky tend to be very social they're always looking at people who are everybody's an opportunity even if it if it never goes any further than just a. Facebook.

Friending they're always open to making connections to people. So their mindset is even if it never goes anywhere. I met somebody. I did something interesting people who have less than or average or less luck everything has to be mapped out everything has to be in its place the natural traits of lucky people.

I'm going to take a different work work today to see where. I end up okay. Another one of the things now that lucky people share. I apologize for only taking having five minutes to really go into this.

But we had a lot of things had to cover and if you just work on the stuff we covered your life will change because your perceptual filters will change and you will become aware of things in your environment that lead to better outcomes that were always there. But you couldn't see when they did studies to isolate these traits they literally hired out and rented restaurants hired actors to go in and impersonate patrons and sent. Group after group in people who identified themselves as lucky average people and less than lucky people and they placed a 20b note on the floor and they wanted to calibrate who found the note most often well pretty much 100% of the lucky people found the note as you can probably guess average people 50% of the time and as far as we know those poor unlucky. Schmucks never saw a [ __ ] thing they did not see it this goes back to perceptual filters if you have a certain identity and a certain body feeling you have a certain set of perceptual filters that are in place and.

Therefore you will only consciously be given your unconscious mind sees it. But it doesn't give it to your conscious mind because it doesn't fit you will only see the things that reinforce the person you think you are see how it works everything that you'll ever want everything that you'll ever need physics tells us is already here it doesn't need to be created it needs to be revealed and what does that imply something is hiding it from us that something is us okay. I'm going to leave you with something just because it's fun and it's probably about all the time. I have left no.

Um. I'm going to send them to you because. I want to make sure you get it right. And.

I and. I think what. I'm going to show you is a little bit more useful for you thank you a little bit more entertaining. I do apologize.

I really did beg for three hour sessions all week because normally it takes me will bring good feedback please let them know what you're going to see are 40 distinct metronomes and you probably won't be able to hear it. But. I'll. I want you to listen as well as look.

These are 40. Metron s all moving at the same at different [Applause] rates 2 minutes it'll just take me just two minutes more you can't see it just listen now those of you in the back you can't see what the people in the front are seeing. But you can hear what you can't what a lot of people don't pay attention to is they're all watching the metronomes right. Watch the table if you can see it it can't not happen these are machines with no.

Nervous system no. Brain no. Intention this is the average human being. W yeah there's lots of on.

YouTube this is also how group minds work just an idea.
