Title: 3lPBzcbU0X0.txt
Video Id: 3lPBzcbU0X0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lPBzcbU0X0

Hey hello everyone welcome to. Friday. Night. Live with.

Dr. David. I had a about 20 some minutes to kill while the kids are getting their stuff ready to go home. I'm at the office um and um just kind of checking in see who's out on a.

Friday night who is cruising the. YouTube scene see if anybody shows up for a few minutes if not. I'll delete this and we'll call it a night. Anyway anybody's out there go ahead and type your name where you're checking in from in the chat there's.

Ivy red bunny have you read. Bean bunny there's. Laura hello hello everyone how you doing oh we got 18 people instantly how's everybody doing tonight hey. Zeus castaneta welcome.

Laura. Thompson. I've read healing sounds how you doing don't you guys have anything better to do than hang out with some dude in a funky shirt on a. Friday night all right.

There we have them. I got till about 7 30 ish what questions you got for me. I'm just kind of settling in here. I got production tomorrow.

Jesus says you're my date how inclusive of you uh. Cyrus from. Brotherhood. Society.

I'm here hey. I can run. But. I can't hide apparently not it's.

Saturday for me. David all right. Here. I am ask away hey there.

Stephen. I just saw you on clubhouse by the way for those of you who care um. I have a. I have a room on clubhouse that.

I created many many many many many many many many months ago called. Mind. Control skills um if you if you like the clubhouse scene uh and like the whole audio thing why don't you go to clubhouse and enroll in my mind control skills uh group and we'll start doing uh we'll start doing some. Clubhouse get-togethers and things of that nature hey there is.

Rick truck. Rick's. Rock wraps hello. Paul um.

So what do you got what kind of questions you have you got me for a whole yeah 18 minutes what do you want to talk about. So rockrap's asking. So is there like a mild covert kind of hit um can you rewrite the question. Rick there's many trans and hypnotism comes in many again anything that involves trans has levels to it some are more obvious uh and some are far more subtle.

So that's a that's a pretty good question yes. There are many different types of hypnosis one of the things that most classically trained hypnotists don't recognize as hypnosis is any form of extreme emotional state uh combined with focus and concentration uh and. So every emotional state that human beings have is a trance anything that moves you from one emotional state or one trans state to another is technically a form of hypnosis. So let's see here uh.

Ivy red bean bunny is asking how to process people stepping out of your life. I'm terrible with self-soothing and emotional regulation trying to chase people after they leave and not understanding why they leave there's a lot of different ways to handle that a lot of it comes down to reframing uh depending on what level you would enter you want to do it at and. I don't recommend none of them are mutually exclusive um. So.

Stefan is asking mind control skills called. Mind. Control skills on clubhouse and depending on how big it grows and how much what people ask and things like that um. Then um tools for clarity okay.

Tools for clarity. I think the best tools for clarity are eliciting the sub modalities of a time when you had clarity and moving whatever is unclear into the sub modality space and character and attributes of it and moving it into that place and. Then checking in with checking in with your value system to make sure it's integral or it's in harmony with your um with your own sense of what's right. And wrong in the world um.

So at the time question why stated are. So important do you mean. States. Natalia.

I'll ask do. I know who. Bacchus is as in the uh the. Greek or.

Roman god of wine and partying is that who you're talking about. Paul because that's the only. Bacchus. I know yeah yeah.

I'm. I'm quite familiar with the mythology yes. States because. States under.

State. Natalia is asking a very good. But very basic question and it's not one that really that a lot of people talk about it's a great question why are states. So important because.

States control everything. States control the kind of information you pay attention to. First what you give priority to on a neurological level as well as on a values level and the ability to move from one state to another actually creates a viral effect how many people ever heard this at the uh the phrase uh emotion emotional. Contagion your mirror neurons are specifically designed to tap into the states the.

Vibra of the psycho-emotional energetic the psycho-emotional vibrational states of other humans and replicate that inside of you. So you can understand what's going on with them intuitively and pathically if you understand a the pervasiveness of state and how and how it underlies every other form of human interaction you know how to modulate. State you can literally influence entire rooms of people before you even open your mouth. So they are absolutely critical uh for everything human beings do.

So. I hope that answers the question. Adam. Lee.

Brown there's a diagram you share in some of your. YouTube videos highlighting one's emotional and psychological needs and it looks like a bullseye there's a few levels to it can you chat briefly about it okay. So what you're talking about is known as the universal persuasion protocol or what we call the. CPI the critical path of influence and it starts with um controlling your state getting.

Rapport using your language managing the state of the subject or. Target hijacking or or jumping into their process cognitively that they use and. Then bonding to their emotional values their their um their deeply held needs and desires on a very deep limbic and primary reptilian level and. So it what it does once you understand the diagram it literally tells you what to do.

Next in any persuasion situation let's say. I'm going to go to a networking function right. And. My outcome for that function is to to make as many contacts as possible leave a great impression and have people want to work with me or want to do business with me or think of me when they um when they see somebody that could use my product or service although.

That's. My outcome. So. I need to understand what.

I want and how. I'm going to get there how am. I going to know. I'm getting that the.

Next thing. I got to do is. I got to say okay. What state do.

I need to be in. So the people. I need will automatically go into the state. I need them to be in to like me right.

So that's my stake control do. I need to be fun do. I need to be playful do. I need to be easy going what state do.

I need to be very dominant do. I need to be very playful do. I need to be um truth trustworthy and sincere right. I step into that state.

I embody that state now. I. I make my. Approach and.

I use whatever language skills that. I have for most people who are at the basic level in. Planet. David that's the echo technique the reason we teach you the echo technique is because it's the easiest it covers the most bases and it just gets more and more powerful and it.

Bridges the gap between all the different levels. So from once we have our language skills in place now we're going to manage their state of the person we're going to deep down we're going to dig down into whatever state they're in determine where they're at and where. I need them to be and. I'm going to jump into the process and.

I'm going to bond their. Criterion values. So that. I can cement everything that.

I want them to find desirable to me my product my service dating context the same exact thing. I'm gonna what state do. I need to be in to be super attractive to the person. I want to.

I want to get to. I'm going to embody that state. I'm going to make my. Approach.

I'm going to use whatever language skills. I have in which case that could be. Echo technique could be three magic questions could be um some of the needs evaluations that we use in the behavioral programming and attraction. Mastery whatever it is and.

Then what. I'm going to do. I'm going to use those skill sets to manage the state of the person that. I want to attract.

I'm going to jump into whatever process they use for deciding to to get with somebody and. Then. I'm going to link it to the things they most want and need and desire on a physical mental and emotional level it's it's the universal persuasion protocol because it will work in the bar room the meeting room the negotiation room the courtroom the bedroom the classroom. Chris combos checking in from.

Madera. Portugal he can tell you firsthand that this thing is worth over a hundred million dollars because he's used this puppy multiple times um in court right. It just works and it works and it works okay. So now.

Ty's asking question how to speak truth to power. I don't know what that means when you say truth to power in. Italian what does that actually mean um. So.

Ivy red bean bunny says people are shocked when. I teach them how sending energy works and. Then. I can feel intentions clearly don't know how.

I can feel others thoughts. But. I just can't what's through your mirror neuron. Network and your proprioception right.

And. Then when you get more into the more advanced trainings you'll learn about your your energy body and your spirit body and. Then your your. Eternal.

Soul which is the four of the four levels right. Um. But most people don't need to know any of that stuff to make this stuff work even though you're working at those levels indirectly um. Universal persuasion protocol.

Adam. Lee's asking about uh it's it's real simple you can find it uh in our. CPI level one course you can find it in the killer influence sequence of covert hypnosis home study course you can find it in defense against the dark arts [Music] um and it's it forms the foundation of all of our influence training because once you have it you're unstoppable everything else is just a bell and a whistle okay. But those are the places you could find it unless you want to look.

At it you can look. At some of our free content like our webinars and stuff on on our. YouTube channel um. But it's mostly just an overview it doesn't give you the in-depth training that the.

Live. Events and the products do set three parts yeah okay. Um. Christopher says right.

On. David yeah buddy healing. Sound. Vibrations of frequency any chance you'll be coming out with any more atcm techniques.

Tai. Chi. Chia atcm applied uh what what are we talking about uh in terms what do you mean by atcm. I want to make sure.

I got the acronym right. Chances are. I will. I just don't know what you're referring to um.

Missing. Link eight should shouldn't people know about the soul level before they use any other influence trainings. So they can use it ethically well the problem is is that there's. So many layers of of acquired personality between um what your your your.

Eternal. Soul what the the. Dallas call your your uh your original face and the um the identities you've created. So this it's a simple answer is yes.

The problem is is that functionally they won't they won't stick to it long enough to get a result most people uh in. Planet. David are looking to come in get the answer to a problem that they have and apply it instantly um and because of the vibration in. Planet.

David um the sociopaths the narcissists the the real predators of the world they don't stick for very long um and. So while on on one level would see what we should teach about the immortal soul and the. Eternal. Soul.

First it's not really where people's heads are at and. So. I'm not. I'm not a persuasion cop.

But the truth is is that our whole our whole approach to to influence is moving through the world making everyone we meet feel ridiculously good and showing them how to get everything they want by helping them by letting by by doing what we want them to do. So it's a total win-win and it's in. Harmony and alignment with most people's higher higher virtues. So it's built into the system uh and you work up to a deeper and deeper and deeper level of understanding in the various levels of influence that we teach because the verbal as powerful as.

CPI and killer influence are they're the entry-level stuff right. For those of you who are wondering killer influence since 2020 has been hailed as the number one. NLP in covert hypnosis course in the world um in a contest or a um an evaluation. I didn't even know what's going on.

So and we haven't you know with this all we've done since 2006 since we created the course was just streamline the content it's still ahead of the curve everywhere uh and. So. But the idea is is that we have to we can move through the world getting everything. Ziegler said it best you can get anything in life that you want if you're just willing to help enough other people get what they want and killer influence and.

CPI is all about that okay. So um. I want to on one level you're right. But in a on a functional level it doesn't work out that way uh.

Rick's rock rap says. I know just a bit about. NLP me too uh means of. I want to say there's some people that there's some things that jumped up here okay.

What does speak the truth economy stand up for what's right. And tell people in charge what's what that's the idea behind the phrase speak truth to power and expression for courageously confronting okay. Then when we start talking about courageously confronting what's the context and do you actually have a chance of winning you know one of the things that that we have to talk about we talk about confronting people and we again my job here is isn't to to get on a a soapbox and tell you that you know you should. Margaret yourself for good for the good that's something you have to decide is is in your in your wheelhouse.

But. I will tell you this. I. I believe the reason that we talk about [ __ ] strategic human influence training strategic human influence.

Technologies is because there are battles that you can win and there's battles that you can and the person who can control and dictate the environment and the time of the battle has the greatest chance of. Victory. So one of the things that we have to do is we have to be committed to our cause. But we also have to think strategically getting on your soapbox and screaming at the on-russian car isn't going to help you stop the car unless the person in the car who's dead set on running you down can hear you is affected by your good words and intentions and decides to put on the break.

But if that person is dead set on their outcome and you're just in the way depending on their moral code they might run you over. So again this idea of speaking truth to power everything. I teach is about power and it's about finding your truth the problem is is truth is different for different people right. You know when we talk about ultimate truths on a spiritual level there are very few everything else is very subjective.

So. I'm all about power. But. I'm also about intelligently applied power which involves understanding your target understanding your theater of.

Engagement and understanding the timing of that engagement and what approach to take right. Strategy not passion is important conviction is important strategy is even is just as important. I know a lot of very bravery passionate people who are dead now because they believed in their stuff and they didn't care what was in their way they just decided to murder themselves for the good and hope other people would pick up the flag you know and. I.

I got a family. I got things you know. I'm. I'm just.

I want you to be powerful in a practical way right. There's you know it's it's nice to be an idealist. But idealism the role will be the idea is not have you really really quickly if you're not careful. So.

I believe. I'm all about being effective. So hopefully that helps. Rafael.

Lopez hi. David do you have an online. NLP course how fast do you think a belief can change oh depending on the context depending on who the people involved a belief can change in seconds get uh. Renegade reframing uh art of conversation belief change and apply the 14 patterns to your own beliefs and notice what happens um speaking truth to power means confronting an authority figure okay.

Well there's different ways to confront authority figures right. What's the most what's the most strategically viable way to do that a lot of times it's not head on okay. I'm just telling you that um see here payment millions of savagery says hey. Mr.

Snyder big fan. I got into hypnosis after watching some of your videos about four or five years ago awesome. I hope that uh that investment has paid dividends for you um. Adam.

Lee. Brown how might. I be charismatic and playful. But still hold a masculine frame in the context of a romantic relation oh that's really easy all you got to do is embody the other romantic hero traits be adventurous be tough be relentless be assertive and a little bit on the cocky funny side and as long as you're you're doing that um in the right.

Proportions you shouldn't have any problem because the. Romantic error traits are are naturally powerful positive masculine traits now a lot of romantic heroines have these things too. But they have other things that um that that buffer their systems or their approaches you see here let's see what does speak to you okay. Okay.

I think now. Italian. I've covered that. Murillo.

De. Lima says hey what do you recommend for recurring emotional flashbacks of bad memories okay. When we talk about bad memories what do you feel when the bad memory comes up is it just hold on a. Second um.

I was the wife telling me it's time for me to shut down. I'll tell you what. I'm going to do um. I see all of your questions here um and they're really good questions um.

I really don't want to stop. But. I have to kind of go um. So let's do this everybody who has asked a question that.

I haven't answered yet when this video goes live please retype your questions in the chat or in the comments section and. I'll do another live and. I'll answer these questions or. I'll answer them in the comments section um.

So again thanks yeah and traditional. Chinese medicine yeah. I've got the whole the whole. Five.

Element face reading class or program that's starting uh in. April in. Dallas. So for those of you who want to learn the classical.

Chinese face reading system everything from the medical side to the personality and temperament profiling side the spiritual side the. Shen side those are things that we've got coming up. I'm excited about it um what's a good starter to read for for what um start with um the ultimate beginner's guide to. NLP by.

Richard bannler. I think it's probably a good place to start um. Paul's asking what are your thoughts on the. Divine masculine okay.

It's a great question. I'm happy to answer that how to use the tetral. Lima are you talking about the tetragrammaton. E8 tongue uh natives asking why how spinning technique helps speeds up manifestation things okay.

Take all of these clips. I'm going to actually scrape this in the chat and. I'm going to actually put them on my. OneNote and what.

I'll do for those of you tomorrow what. I'll do is. I'll log on tomorrow and. I'll actually go down these questions.

First and. I'll answer them for those of you who want to join me on clubhouse here's how. I'd like it to be. I'd like it to be like an um and ask me anything kind of a room.

So whenever we schedule a clubhouse meeting. I want you to submit your questions. First and. Then.

I'll spend the entire the entire. Clubhouse event just answering the questions and. Then if. I see somebody cool in the audience.

I'll invite them up to do um to do to do the the clubhouse meeting with me. I'm just again. I'm trying to. I'm trying to get my my social media back up to date.

So hopefully that helps hey there's. Allegra good to see you again kiddo um. So. Anyway.

I'm sorry to have to jump off. So early. But um and who knows maybe if. I.

I don't have time tonight. But um look. For me tomorrow uh because. I'm waiting for my brand new.

Samsung flip 2 to show up uh. So. I'll be. I'll be here at the office all day long and uh for those of you uh who are in the.

Dublin area. Next week. I will be in. Dublin from the 12th uh through the 17th.

So if you're in. Europe. Anyway all right. Um we'll go ahead and answer those things for you.

Anyway. I gotta go. I love you all thank you. So much for your your continued support and enthusiasm please like and share these videos these amas get the word out let people know that if you got questions relating to human influence on any level manifestation meditation magic all that cool stuff like and share let everybody know let's get this let's get planted.

David even bigger and help more people get the life they want the way that they want it good night. God bless love you all take care.
