Title: UNLEASH Your Manifestation Machine! Ultimate Manifestation Meditation
File Name: ls1gvMCiimg.txt
Video Id: ls1gvMCiimg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ls1gvMCiimg

This is your process information color breathing spinning framing symbol impregnation that's it is there any one of those processes that is unfamiliar to you is there any one of these processes that is unfamiliar to you yes. Okay. Symbol impregnation happened at every level of the process where. I had you create a symbol and work with it as part of that you're doing the informations and every time the feelings come up the symbol shows up that links them together that an.

NLP that's called an anchor okay. So you collapse those three levels of what you want generates the body feeling you put that body feeling into a symbol right. That's symbol impregnation for your informations color breathing notice there's a place in your body where those feelings start or they grow or this what color is it the moment you turn it into a color what did. I have you do with the color imagine that color of all that energy floating above your head in the shape of what the symbol symbol impregnation right.

Spill the room wrap it around you breathe it through you into every nerve and every cell see the symbols going into your cells right. Symbol impregnation right. Energy spinning notice in place in your body where those feelings start or they grow or they spread from point to where you feel it notice take it out hold it in your hands find a direction that makes it even stronger double the spin double the speed put it in now you can imagine the assembly. However you want to layer on that symbol you can do it you might imagine that becoming the shape of the symbol spinning faster and faster you go and it explodes in you imagine that energy going in and energizing the symbol that's already in your cells you can do that.

However whatever works for you okay. Framing what are we doing point to where you if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling picture you could reach out and touch where would you find it trace the outline of it with both of your hands now make it bigger or whatever you use to intensify it write your information cross that screen and glow in. Golden litters now take the picture and move it to the location that gives it the most power the exact sensation you want to have at the exact sensation level that you want to have it right. When you find that sweet spot you fix it into place feel the energy flow from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream every place that blood flows those feelings go and just see the cell see the symbols flowing into all of your.

DNA and reinforcing the symbols that are already there got it okay. So every time that symbol comes up you should get it you should get a jolt of energy that's how you test it right. This is the process. I ran you guys through right.

Okay. Close your eyes. Stand up open your eyes. Stand on one leg [Laughter] look.

At your lists look. At number look. At the. Second entry on your list or or whatever whatever one is.

Next if you if like. I know uh. Sully got two on her list. So she would be at three whenever you're at all right.

Close your eyes. Or actually read your read your um read the entry on your list now remember you should have three levels to that right. Three levels now what. I want you to do is.

I want you to create a. Yin formation just one that activates that energy in your body. So. I am now whatever that is because fill in the blank okay.

Fill in the blank test it say the affirmation out loud and notice what your body does excellent there's a reason. I'm having you speak it okay. When. I was training in in combat system one of the things they were teaching us was bodyguarding and.

MOB attacks and one of the things they had us do is they had us. Rush at somebody quiet like just quiet and. Then they had us. Rush at the person again yelling at the top of our lungs and the energy released that that triggered was massive one of the things you're going to be able to do as you progress through the trainings not this one.

But we can start tapping into this ability now as you speak you create as you start clearing away the debris between you and your soul the word this is why there's a in the old mystery schools there's this to know to dare to keep silent and most people think it's just to keep the secret no. It's because if you speak it it's gonna [ __ ] happen as you get higher and higher up there you'll notice that people who are really super spiritual they tend to lock themselves away part of that is because they speak [ __ ] into manifestation now you're that's you're here that's up there. But it's it's still connected. So by actively speaking these things out loud you are creating a space in the universe for that.

Universe to fill sound creates vibration which creates space light fills it it's in the. Bible page one in the beginning. God said he spoke and what did he say let there be light he created a space and he filled it. Chinese medical.

Qigong if we want to purge you we hit you with sound we want to tonify you we hit you with light everything you're doing is color sound and light in this class get it good all right. So. Now understand that you are speaking with the power of. God that what you say must happen not because you say.

So. But it says. So now speak your information five times on your own [Music] songs by. Bobby all right.

You got a buzz all right. Point to where you feel it notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head in the shape of the symbol that represents the attainment of all of those things on on that that entry on your list notice how the feelings in your body shift and change is. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart the energy of that symbol begins to expand to grow to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of transformation.

Revelation and manifestation a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all negative manifestations real or imagined well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that breathe that color and the symbol into every level of your neurology psychology. Mind.

Body in. Soul let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's true it's locked in test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead when you're done testing notice there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it reach in grab that energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because we don't want to miss a single drop of this impenetrable. Unstoppable goodness as you hold it in your hand notice did the color change or stay the same. First impression notice it's moving or spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning whatever it is grab it with both of your hands play with the direction until it becomes even more powerful. So it becomes exactly what you want at the way you want now double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's strong notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your neurology any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's locked in you got it test it try to turn that new feeling off try to bring the old feelings back notice what happens instead the minute you've got that if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents this amazing transformation a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it that's right. Trace the outline of it with both of your hands make sure you got the right. One make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down make it even bigger or stronger whatever makes it more intense take the index finger of your dominant hand and with the hand of. God that you possess write that information and all the reasons why you deserve to have it on that screen the screen will scroll like a tablet.

So you have an infinite writing space make sure you draw that symbol on that screen to. Encompass and encapsulate and symbolize the attainment of all of that thing on your list when you know you've got it reach up grab that frame and the reality inside of it expand it to fill the infinite universe and move it up move it down move it in your body move it out until you find the exact size shape location that gives you the exact feeling you want to have the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that location fix it into place notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as the energy flows from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream every place to your blood flows those feelings and that symbol goes into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very. DNA of those cells transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful. Perpetual manifestation.

Factory every cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing manifestations in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done it's locked in it's inevitable test it try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied just dissolve into it stop testing perfect when you're ready allow your eyes.

To open look. At the. Next entry on your list creating information that activates the energy of that entry and when you're ready speak your information out loud five times feel it let it rip check in with your body notice there's a feeling connected to that energy of feeling connected to that information that truth. Inside.

Your. Mind. Body. Soul and.

Spirit point to where you feel it notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression notice that imagine a brilliant ball of that colored energy floating above yourself notice how the feelings in your body shift and change that ball changes into the symbol that represents the attainment the manifestation of this amazing experience notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as that symbol begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of manifestation. Mastery a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all negative manifestations real or imagined all at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited.

Supply when you know you've got that breathe those symbols and the color of that symbol through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to make try to imagine somebody else trying to turn that [ __ ] off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing notice we're in your body that feeling grows and spreads from point to where you feel it notice there's a color connected to that feeling whatever color that is.

First you reach in grab it take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because you don't want to miss a drop of this amazing goodness notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning grab it with both of your hands play with the direction it's spinning until it becomes even stronger when you find the direction it makes it even stronger double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot oh notice the change notice it's strong notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your neurologies every program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with that new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done it's locked in test it try to bring those old feelings back try to turn those new feelings off and notice what happens instead when you're ready if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented this amazing transformation manifestations and. Revelations a picture you could reach out and touch where would you find it trace the outline of it with both of your hands make sure you got the right. One write your information and all the reasons why you deserve it and the symbol that encompasses it and embodies it on that screen take all the time you need right.

Much as you need to feel the energy building growing stronger more powerful more irresistible inevitable in every way shape and form causing you to become the person in whatever means necessary to have those things when you know you've got it grab that picture and the reality inside of it and move it up move it down move it in your body move it out find the location that gives you the exact intensity duration manifestation ability that is best for you when you find that sweet spot fix it into place notice how the feelings in your body shift and change is. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every heart the energy flows from that picture and that symbol into your body from your body into your heart from your heart into your bloodstream from your bloodstream oh every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom feel the symbols in your. DNA expanding and growing becoming infinite energy sources of their own like little miniature suns in every. DNA molecule there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place when you know you got it it's locked in it's inevitable test it try to turn these new feelings off try to go back to the old version of yourself notice what happens instead and. Then dissolve in when you know you've got it allow your eyes. To open look. At your.

Next manifestation item create a information speak it out loud five times feel the energy coming up from where it needs to come from speak it say it like you mean it [Music] is feel the energy welling up inside of you excellent now active lifestyle especiate hunting. Outdoors notice where in your body you feel it point to it notice there's a color a series of colors connected to those feelings what color or colors might that be for you. First impression imagine a brilliant ball of that colored energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as it turns into the symbol that embodies and encompasses the attainment of all of this and even more in the best way for you possible notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of manifestation and transformation a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all negative manifestations real or imagined well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited.

Supply when you know you've got that breathe that symbol and the colors inside of it through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to go back to the old way of being and notice what happens instead when you know you've got that notice there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings grow from where they start where they spread point to where you feel it notice the color connected to that feeling reach in grab that energy with both of your hands take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes that [ __ ] hides and we don't want to miss a single bit of this amazing all-powerful omnipot omnipotent goodness notice did the color changes stay the same if it did that's okay.

Notice what direction it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction would make it even stronger more powerful double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot feel the. Thunder notice the change notice it's strong like a thunderbolt. Rippling through your mind and body and soul notices this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your neurology any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done it's locked in it's inevitable impossible to have any other outcome test it try to go back to the old way of being try to turn the new feelings off notice what happens instead when you know you've got that if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents this amazing achievement this amazing manifestation a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it make sure you got the right.

One once you know you got the right. One make it even stronger take your index finger write your information the symbol and all the reasons why you deserve to have this on that screen on that screen in glowing golden letters radiating and omnipotent unlimited amount of energy power and manifestation take all the time you need write as much as you need to as long as you need to that's right. When you know you've got it grab that frame in the reality inside of it find the space that makes it perfect for you fix it into place notice how the feelings in your body shift and change is. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart the energy flows from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very.

DNA of those cells transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful. Perpetual manifestation machine each cell of your body generating more and more and more of this manifestation ability in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice those processes taking place allow them to install themselves completely and when you know it's done it's locked in it's impossible it's inevitable test it try to turn those new feelings off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing dissolve into that energy impossible for it to go back to the way it was inevitable in its ability to manifest the only variable is time and you becoming the person who can have it fuel everything that needs to happen inside of you shifting and changing as you dissolve blending and merging when you know you've got that allow your eyes. To open look. At the. Next item on your list create a information that embodies and stimulates and triggers yourself your system to manifest and the energy to do this to make the changes necessary to become the person who can have this create your information speak it out loud five times [Music] declare it check in with the energy of your body where does it come from how strong is it keep going build it thousand dollars notice where you feel it notice there's a color what's the color.

First impression imagine a brilliant ball of that color floating above your head and the symbol that represents the attainment of this fill the entire room with it wrap it around you breathe it through your body feel the symbol go through your body into every cell every nerve every cell atom into the energy body the spirit body into the very soul and connecting to the. Divine itself feel the energy of. Divine. Providence.

Rippling through you and out into the world broadcasting and manifesting the attainment the vibrational signatures you've created notice there's a place in your body where those feelings start or they grow or they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it that's right. Notice there's a color connected to those feelings reach in grab all that colored energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes it hides notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction find the direction that makes it. Unstoppable in every way that gives you the exact level of manifestation you want when you find that direction double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot oh notice the chain the chain if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that amazing achievement that amazing manifestation a picture you know what to do just do it make it happen when you're done grab that picture in the reality inside of it make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down find the plate the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling you want to have at the exact intensity level you want to have it fix it into place notice how the feelings in your body shift and change is. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart the energy flows from your the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream oh every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very.

DNA of those cells reprogramming transforming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful. Perpetual manifestation machine each cell of your body generating more and more and more of these amazing manifestations in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done test it try to turn the new feelings off try to go back to the old version of yourself and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing and dissolve like an ice cube melting into a sea of hot water until you and this thing are one and the same just feel the waves feel the ripples in time and space like waves in a pond when you're ready only when you're ready ah your eyes. To open notice how different you feel.
