Title: Lsfdj3wnyE4.txt
Video Id: Lsfdj3wnyE4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lsfdj3wnyE4

All right. Stephen what do you want learn. Michael what do you want learn today topic suppos tow attraction. Law of.

Attraction stuff yeah what do you want learn want know. I don't know. I'm fairly comfortable with the subject. But.

I guess. I could use more clarity on how to create more of like a self-fulfilling prophecy. So um kind of like the psycho cybernetics unconscious mind gives you like. Direction on stuff.

So you give yourself a go and. Then lean listen to your own conscious mind points you in directions to achieve that something like that just basically encompasses. The. Law of.

Attraction well there's a lot of things that are going to. Encompass. The. Law of.

Attraction. So it has you have to really again one of the problems that we have when we're talking we start talking about. Law of. Attraction hello hello come on in hi did you sign in.

I did sign in okay. Did you get your candy did you get your coffee you got your coffee coffee there's lots of candy over there help yourself cuz. I also do weight loss what suite exactly is this room this is sweet 329 326 is right. Across the street okay.

Because. I the. Meetup that. I'm normally in gave directions to.

Sweet 300. So. I went that way oh you're from uh. Troy's group yes.

Okay. Well you get the front row. I know. I know yeah.

I actually did this. I actually did this as a favor to. Troy. I.

I know. So you know what. I am going to warn the ladies out the send them this way and also if you know anybody who might be arriving late these elevator stop running at 8:00 oh. So okay.

That's good to know you don't want to be in the elevator when it's oh you can go down. But you can't come back up yeah they they thought that far enough ahead does that make sense what well seeing is how pretty much everything we do is a self-fulfilling prophecy it's really not saying a whole lot right. But that's come on in sign in guys. Troy how you doing brother.

I'm. Jesse nice to meet you. Jesse welcome thank you. I remember you.

I'm you're stalking me now well. I'm going to coming back. I. I was thinking about you today right.

How's it. I don't know he might be. I don't know. I was one of the most terrified person speaking at that event what's up brother how you doing man good see good to see you too how to create a self fulfilling prophecy me awesome.

Ronnie what do you want to learn tonight networking groups going to seminars what do you want to learn tonight what do you want to play with nobody's listening to me how's that going it's good yeah it's good come on in all right. So we'll go around like. I said this place will probably fill up really fast um usually uh when. I create an when.

I create an event which we have about 10 minutes and we're already half full which is ominous uh to say awesome well we usually historically for this location we usually get about 1/3 to 2/3 on a good day because of the location and the time slot in our other location we usually our. Rock. Solid at 2/3 and above of whoever. RSVPs signs up uh.

I think my staff actually ran a little short on chairs today and. I think they shorted us on chairs. So um hopefully. I'm not actually praying for less people to show up.

But uh. I just want to make sure that everybody has a place to sit um and we'll we'll we'll work around it if for some reason we get too full why are you all sitting in the back all the good stuff happens up front she knows that. I that's why right. So my my question is and again like like anytime.

I have any anytime. I have an opportunity to to dialogue with the audience before the actual event starts what do you want to learn today. I asked. I asked.

Michael and he said how to create a more self-fulfilling prophecy and we drilled down a little bit on that. But. Ronnie what what would you like to learn what would you like to cover what's what's you know kind of the thing that really kind of motivated you to come out there we go one brave soul she oh she's going to sit there all right. I'll just take the front row and move it to the back.

I don't have a problem. I did that. I did that in. Israel.

I'm short and. I'm someone all the people in. Israel came in in a group and they all sat in the. Last three rows.

So. I looked at him. I said you know. I always call on the people in the back row and they all got up as a unit and move to the front three rows.

I don't answer okay. How about you. I just because because of her something because of. Law of.

Attraction. Law of. Attraction right. On and.

I've seen the. NLP thing and hypnosis and. So. I just you don't believeing that do you learning all that how about you ma'am what's your name again seita seita.

I love that name yeah thank you. I will remember that name for about a minute and a half. But that's all right. I'll give you another name if you can forget that s is fine okay.

Um repeat your question what would you like to learn tonight if of all the things on the. Meetup that actually those of you who actually read the description you know if you could come away with one thing that was worth you know the price of admission right. Or 10 times the price of ad if you came away with that one thing it would be an entirely you know your time would you feel your time would be really really well spent what what would that have been little key little key key of knowledge some little piece of knowledge that will. Intrigue you that will.

Intrigue you yeah oh. I can. Intrigue you okay. All right.

Now if. I can just spell knowledge we'll see how that works you have a c. I don't know about the lock and the key fitting. But just the you know it could be a ghost key.

But it's just you mean a bump key open every sing. I'll give you that. I. G actually.

I gave that to people at the. Last meet up very cool um did we get one yeah. I did. I you've been a two of them you.

I've taught the exact same thing you missed it twice [Laughter] okay. Um you sir how about you. I guess productivity productivity yeah in any particular context um. I guess mostly work.

I'm always trying to increase productivity work okay. So. I guess anywhere can be okay. Conductivity at work you can if you like okay.

How about. Troy super. Troy yeah. I'm just looking to uh you know came to one of yours before that point clicked kind of you know if you can point at it you can fix it just.

Refresh on that yeah. I keep not getting my lines right. Here that's all right. Point and fix cool how about you everything everything yes.

Have some okay. Mostly just to not be afraid and kind of not be afraid and go for it cool that you saw me almost at my wor cool how about you sir uh my internal motivation internal motivation anytime. I hear that word motivation. I get nervous yeah it's it's pretty nervous really internal motivation.

But we can talk about that because actually there's two kinds of motivation there's internal and there's external one will actually lead to getting the work done the other one leads to passive aggressive and reactant behaviors which are really kind of interesting we actually have a process for kind of getting you motivated to do those kinds of things uh external okay. David. Owens how are you sir hello. David what brings you to the wonderful world of.

David well. I heard that. David was going to be around. David told me.

So. I thought my kudos to. David what do you want to learn today what do you want to get out tonight. I want to learn how to hypnotize people without them knowing it what part of.

Law of. Attraction meet up that might be that key that you're looking for that might be okay. I want to be. So attractive people will just buy things from you there you go we covered that.

Last week too yeah did who do. I miss. Ronnie any any key that can help keep alignment alignment only okay. So when we talk about things like alignment see when people start lapsing into their own personal terminology we automatically flash into our definition of what we think that word means and we assume that they mean the same thing and.

M often than not while there may be similarities the differences are important. So when we talk about alignment. Ronnie what does that mean for you that my internal world and my external world are aligned with each other okay. That your internal world and your external world are aligned with each other and how do you know when that happens and what is actually important about that know oh.

I have such a feeling when that's happen such a feeling and and what. I'm doing and what showing up in front of me is really up what's showing up in front of you is really really effortless okay. So if things were more effortless you would know that you're in alignment and. Therefore life would be all good okay.

Good luck with that. I have. I've yet to be. I'm.

I'm been a. I'm fairly aligned and my shit's still ain't effortless. But. I work.

But. I'm terminally lazy and somewhat intelligent. So. I.

I do find ways to work around my laziness and get things done who did. I miss that. I have not talked to yet little oh you yes. Hi.

I didn't forget you um how to set yourself up to succeed set yourself up to succeed again very vague very. Global stuff right. Oops pardon my my computer having a mind of its own it's not in alignment apparently uh. I spent.

So much time typing when. I'm actually doing skpe sessions. I'm literally typing the words coming out of the person's mouth as. I'm doing therapy with them.

So um. But. I am not prone for. I am not known for my spelling accuracy.

So which is a good thing because. I'd be out of a job. But. Anyway.

So let's look. At these things okay. Uh point and fix a lot of what we're going to do is going to be what. I call point and fix or pointand click therapy why because a lot of the same a lot of the problems that or a lot of things you want to solve tonight go back to the same location or what we call.

Body feelings okay. When we talk about using using. Ronnie's words of being in alignment where the external world and the internal world line up the reason a lot of times why the external world and the internal world doesn't line up is because there are parts of your internal world that aren't lined up and that's the one thing that we have to understand is that the it's the internal congruity or the alignment within us the vibrational frequencies in our body that make up the what's the word. I'm looking for the.

Gestalt for lack of a better word the. Gestalt frequency that we send out the vibrational signature that we send out to the universe is disharmonic is that make sense. So a lot of the things that are in your way that are holding you back that are causing you to drag your feet or not be productive at work are really due to these misalignments within oursel which go back to parts of you that want a certain thing at the expense of other things and they're fighting for. Supremacy right.

And until we get all of you going at the same in the same direction on the same page for the same reasons now what you're going to wind up manifesting is what. I call the anchor versus. Jet. Engine uh come on in don't be bashful we.

I think we need more chairs yeah okay. Um the anchor versus the jet engine analogy which you if you've watched any of my videos put this up here you you've heard me talk about before most people go through life with the equivalent of a um come on in with the equivalent of nobody wants my pads. I feel rejected have a seat guys. I'll.

I'll bring more chairs in there's chairs on the balcony if you need more you can pull those in okay. Um. I also chairs behind the desk with rollers and stuff like that um. So most people go through life with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strap to their back and it's the difference between the drag from the anchor and the thrust from the engine that determines how far you get how fast the problem is is most of us are.

So focused a lot of times on putting more thrust in the engine higher octane fuel you know vision boards all of these things and we think that's moving us forward. But what it actually is doing in many cases is creating more drag from that anchor. So the. First thing that we have to do no.

Matter what it is whether it's becoming more productive at work whether it's being. Al in alignment with yourself setting yourself up for. Success being. Mo motivated internally or externally the.

First thing we got to do is we got to cut the anchors we got to remove the anchors from our system we got to relieve those things that are are saying we can't have it or we shouldn't have it or we don't deserve it or if you have this you might be this person which you didn't like those kinds of people growing up and. So if you become that it won't happen do you sound familiar right. These are all programs that we're running right. They're programs that were installed in you roughly between the ages of 0 to 7.

I say 0 to 5. But other people say 0 to 7 it's still close enough for government work right. 0 to 7 is the magic time in our life and actually from conception to 7 is really when these things start to get uh installed in us right. And as a as a therapist uh and a professional who my specialty is working with psychosomatic illness physiological illness chronic physical terminal illnesses that have as its root repressed emotion.

So. I spend a lot of time with people 0 to 7 that's where we always always always end up you know once in a blue moon you'll end up a little bit a little bit older. But almost never you know and if and when you got when you take them back to that time when they're older like in their 20s and you ask them have you ever felt that way before they go yeah go back to the. First time you ever oh.

I'm seven right. So a lot of times what we think what we think is the cause is the source isn't your unconscious mind is is not linear your conscious mind is linear most people who walk into my door say. I have this problem it's. Happ it started here.

I think it's this and. I'll go. I'll say to what have you done talking they'll give me the laundry list of everything they've tried right. And.

Then they'll tell me how to fix it and. I'll say and. Then. I'm in my head.

I'm calling them a liar. But. I'm. I'm just smiling and nodding and pretending to actually care um no.

It's not because they don't know they don't know because if they did they wouldn't be in my chair that's the that's the simple litmus test right. I. I. I a dollar for every time the words.

I thought. I cleared that. I have already forgiven them for that came out of somebody's mouth right. But this is this is where the rubber hits the road the things that hold us back largely weren't your fault it wasn't your fault what happened to you.

But it is your responsibility for getting rid of them does that make sense sense okay. So um how many people hear this is your. First time with me just for grins and gos cool. I pity you people already.

But all right. Uh you guys need me to launch into my pedigree or do you you guys really care no. Let's just go let's just go all right. So how many people here all right.

So. First and foremost we uh obviously it's a very crowded room tonight. So um. But.

I think well we'll see who shows up. But if you guys want to spread out a little bit give yourselves a little bit more room or if you like being cozy that's fine too right. I love questions love questions. But beware.

I am prone to chasing squirrels and cats and other types of small furry animals if you ask me a question. God knows where we'll end up right. So my goal here tonight is to give you useful information things that um you can actually start using right. Away and the.

First thing that we have to cover um is the is the idea of clearing up techical term being a technical term right. Secret hypnotic influence techniques this is how it works right. And the that we carry usually starts between. Z and seven years of age okay.

The interesting thing about the things. I'm going to be be talking to you about and. I'm going to be sharing with you in in the context of. Law of.

Attraction are actually applicable to pretty much every other field of self-help and self and personal development that there is um. Troy there's some chairs behind the the desk there can we get those all right. Cool all right. 0 0 to 7 years of age is the magic time from conception forward now whether you believe in energy most of the people here who are in law of attraction are big.

Believers in energy. I'm sorry for that um because when. I talk to people about and by the way. I have more raik more energy credentials than.

McDonald sells hamburgers okay. First of all. I have a. I have a diplomate of.

Oriental medicine from the. Southern. California. University of.

Health. Sciences master's degree in acupuncture orina medicine. I'm a licensed acupuncturist here in in. California as well as nationally um.

I'm been a raiki master since before raiki was cool right. Like back in the 90s when you actually had to work for your raiki degree right. Um. I'm a certified pronic healer chronic psychotherapist.

I'm a certified. DNA. Theta healer an advanced. DNA.

Theta healer um certified in. Bankston which is in my my opinion the most scientifically validated form of energy healing out there and it has some of the most powerful manifesting techniques inherent within it that. I've ever come across um and many times when. I do.

Law of. Attraction and energy healing meetups. I actually will teach some of those systems um what am. I missing how do you spell that.

Last. Bankston. B. Al.

I'll spell it for you here and. Bill is a really cool guy. I call him a reluctant researcher uh benen on. I see that.

I'm just going to make it bigger in a minute bangston. I'll just make that really big. So people can see it and. Then we'll put it up here bang no.

Not bang stong damn you see it's you can always count on. Microsoft for comic relief bangston and you you go to bangston research.com he's got actually all the scientific studies he's done more studies at. Medical universities than probably any other energy healer he's he's debunked a lot of myths surrounding how energy healing. Works how remote healing.

Works things like that and he did it mostly by teaching people who didn't believe in energy healing how to do energy healing and they actually healed people better than people who actually believed in energy healing which is actually corroborates the research done by a guy named. Larry dossy who you guys might have heard of he wrote some books on prayer and some. Faith healing and things like that. So and the reason that that.

I. I. I. I kind of preface that whole energy healing thing with oh.

I'm sorry is because when we start talking about energetics we start getting really really vague and people start utilizing their own terminologies remember. I talked about that before you got to watch out when people start using their own terminologies and everybody thinks they know what the other person means and. Then you try to drill down and you can't they just keep getting more and more vague and obscure until you're completely gone off track one of the reasons that energy healing disciplines tend to take longer to affect change than other forms is that they only target in the. David's model this is the world.

Accord in to. David 2/3 of the human being they target the physical body and directly on the energy body and for the most part they leave the mental body untouched the mental body ladies and gentlemen is the causal body when you have an experience it's recorded holographically throughout the entire system and. So. But the causal body is where a lot of that memory information is stored and it's running on a.

Perpetual. Loop like a little pocket dimension and it generates a search charge of emotional energy because that fragment of your. Consciousness doesn't know that shit's over okay. And it just keeps running and over time your body is like a big hard drive it starts to accumulate more and more and more events recordings if you will that are on a.

Perpetual. Loop and it has to start figuring out what am. I going to do with this stuff and. So it starts to organize them in your body somatically as well as in your your field your vibrational field around you by what they have in common now the best metaphor.

I've ever seen for how this evolves in the human body you ever seen the old the old. Ghostbusters films you know when they would go into a building they would capture a spook. They put it in the. Trap right.

And he had all his psychic energy locked in this little box. Then they had to find some place to put the box. So they found a bigger container to put the. Box in and by the end of the movie what was happening it was overlo it was overloading was starting to go funky well guess what that's how can how cancers and multiple sclerosis and.

Parkinson's and all these other ailments these chronic ailments that we start to generate evolve they start as one tiny little episode that was recorded and stored and over time the neurology just keeps stacking things by what they have in common and every time you go through a context or a situation or an environment the. First thing that's going to happen this goes back to your self-fulfilling prophecy the. First thing that's going to happen is the unconscious mind is going to say have we ever experienced this before and he's going to go to his buddy in the back hey nunzio we ever done this before this ever happened let me check oh hell yeah what did we do we did this okay. I'll do that again and the same behavior manifest cuz it worked the.

First time see your unconscious mind doesn't really care too much about the current context it's hardwired it's weighted to sort for what's familiar familiar was what was there. First what was there the longest and what was done most often it doesn't matter if there's a better choice it will sort for what it's done the most because familiarity equals safety even if it sucks okay. When these things were programmed into you they were programmed into at a time and a place where the whole idea of right. Wrong good evil spiritual not spiritual love hate didn't exist there were some some very very fine distinctions that you as a a growing being had it was either familiar or it wasn't it either felt good or it felt bad that was pretty much it every other distinction that you have.

Grew. From that and whatever got there. First regardless of how it felt became the standard by which every other experience is measured from yes. Lineage what about lineage.

So if it's you saying 0 to seven. But some of that stuff happen to parents happen grandparents it happened to yep. So there is definitely a component there for that there are imprints that we have carried genetically. I have.

I have firsthand proof of genetic memory being passed on because. I've actually worked with transplant patients who took. On memories of their donor organs. I mean.

I'm talking about health nuts who were diabetic and two or three weeks after they get home from the hospital everything is everything good in their mouth is pizza and beer right. Because the donor was a garbage guy right. It's just one of those things. So there is a strong strong component to.

Cellular imprinting. But it can be cleared too because it's just an imprint it's a hologram though and this is where we have to start changing how we think a little bit and. I don't know your background. So.

I'm being very. Global and. I'm going to assume you know nothing nothing because that's the safest way to be right. Because the idea is tonight is to leave with something that we can use something practical and if all you learned how to do was clear up your own you'd take off like a rocket right.

And that's really what it's about which goes back to this whole idea of point and fix therapy or point point and click therapy when we record these things and we start to accumulate them your body just like a hard drive organizes them. But it organizes them based on what they have in common and. So. Swedish.

Studies have. Al have corroborated that the human body tends to store similar motions in similar areas oddly enough they correspond to those weird chakra things that are. But not always. I've had really weird happen and this is why you have to be careful when you start applying a system a full system unilaterally to you because it doesn't give you any room for individuality.

So. I in in my classes when. I teach. I don't give you standard colors for standard things because in the long run.

I don't care what. I care about is how your neurology interprets that information because everything that we have everything that we experience everything we think we are is an interpretation it's an interpretation of the vibrational in equivalent of ones and zeros and your neurology can interpret those ones and zeros any way it wants it can interpret pain as intense pleasure and vice versa we have communities for that as a matter of fact. I'll just put my since we're getting into the meat of everything. I'm just put out my disclaimer right.

Now if. Politically. Incorrect language profanity colorful metaphors or the word boobies offends you there's the door all right. Um.

I. I'm. I like to have fun because that's the secret to making a law of attraction work if you're not being having fun if you're not being playful you are locked into a vibration that is going to keep you stuck period it's the ab. AB ility to have fun and be joyful and be playful that allows you to access the resources of your neurology faster.

Jesus said it he hid it in the. Bible when he said be his little children the ability to play pretend the ability to go into that childlike playful state where everything is real even if you don't believe it at. First is where the magic happens you got to go there and if to the degree that you're willing to go there and get your body involved ladies and gentlemen you can make any change that you want and you don't have to believe it you just got to do it that's what. I like because if if what.

I did here clinically every single day relied on my clients to believe in this. I'd have an 80% failure rate instead of a 90% success rate right. Nine out of 10 people who walk in that door walk out different than they went in and that's actually a low rating. But there's no.

Such thing as 100%. So. I won't say. I have 100% success by the way this means yes.

This means no. There will be a test yes. So are are we kind of discussing here um the plasticity of the brain and neural. Pathways being laid down and that's part of it that kind of yeah.

But what you're talking about is the hardware is that what's you're saying the energy work does not include the mental part is that the part you no. I'm talking about the vibrational components that where the actual problem is encoded over time the nerves as you become as uh neuroplasticity in case you don't know is the the speed and facility with which the brain creates new neurological connections from one to the other the longer those connections are are utilized the deeper and more powerful they become which is analogous to the hypnotic principle. The. Law of unconscious respon or the law of.

U the law of. I forget what the actual per term is now. But basically the way it's the familiarity concept is the longer an issue or an idea has been in play accepted in the unconscious mind the harder it is to change right. That goes back to the the the organic component of neuroplasticity the more times a neuron fires the more powerfully and deeply that pathway is etched in the brain now there is a way to change that very very quickly and it's through amplifying neuroplasticity the fastest way to amplify neuroplasticity is 20 to 30 minutes of intense machine gun orgasms we won't be doing that tonight okay.

That's a different. Meetup for a different day hopefully in a different room. But. Anyway.

But what do. I mean by that there's a hormone in the body known as oxytocin oxytocin is on one level the bonding hormone it's the one that establishes pair bonding between a mother and a daughter between a mate and her spouse it is also the primary mediator for amplifying and enhancing neuroplasticity enough oxy oxytocin delivered to the system in enough concentrations has the ability to rapidly overwrite past programming and allow for the installment and overlayment of new programming in its place this is also the neurological pathway with which fetishes are created okay. I also. I work with a lot of people who have sex addictions and other things like that it's all relevant okay.

The self-fulfilling prophecies to use to use. Michael's term everything that we're manifesting more than twice is a self-fulfilling prophecy it's a program that's been laid down right. And depending on how rapid how often that particular pattern emerges in your life gives you an idea of how long and how deep it's been there right. If you keep dating the same person with a different face right.

You know what. I mean took. You a minute for that one right. But again.

Law of. Attraction attraction human attraction it's the same idea the templates the templates that govern who we're attracted to and who we stay with are laid down here whether you like them or not it's not about like it's about what was their. First imprints and until we change the imprints we're not going to change much else right. We can get superficial change.

But those. Tendencies will still tend to be there does that make sense. So we got to get happy we got to get playful we got to have fun. First because until we can get playful and get fun we don't have near the the access to the power that's latent within our system and that's what it's about it's about taking the randomness out that's what the law of attraction is isn't it taking the randomness out of your life getting the life you want right.

Being the person you want to be instead of the person you were programmed to be at a time in a place where you didn't have any defenses when you didn't know what was going on when you didn't have the resources to deal with it any other way that wasn't your fault. But it is your responsibility to deal with it right. Remember even though we're pissed off at our parents we blame a lot of our on the imprints and stuff we got from our parents consciously or unconsciously our parents can't teach us what they don't know right. Every parent on the planet says you got to love yourself you got to love yourself how how do.

I do that what does that actually mean on a practical level what it actually means on a practical level is you accept who you are that's it doesn't mean you like everything about yourself give you an example. I hate the fact that. I will never be six foot tall it pisses me off. But.

I accept it barring any some kind of weird surgery or some hormonal imbalance right. Yes. You probably don't run into as many things with your head no. I don't it says the six-footer in the room right.

So did that help kind of fill in the gaps for the neuroplasticity question yes. Okay. Everything. I'm teaching you has an organic a hormonal or a structural a hormonal and an an energetic electromagnetic reality to it.

But they're not separate and this is what we need to understand and why when we're doing the work that we do at least in the world according to. David if what. I teach you and what. I'm sharing with you resonates with you use it if it doesn't find something that does okay.

You know one my you know my one ego- driven statement is if you can find that works as fast and as deeply for you for you as what. I do does for everybody. I work with go for it that's my one ego-driven statement right. Uh.

But. I. I'm in the every day dealing with people who you know don't know why they're screwed up or think they know and. Then they wind up somewhere completely different which is one of the things we have to cover right.

Now we're going to be learning today how to dialogue with the other part of you we're going to be learning today how to work with that part in a way that we can extract and get information and utilize it for change to to do that we have to understand the. Dynamics of one part of your mind versus the other. First and foremost your conscious mind the part of you that analyzes rationalizes judges is the least informed and the. Last to know anything in the body.

But it's like my three-year-old it's the one that screams the loudest the one that demands the most attention the one that's trying to tell everybody else how to do what what they know how to do right. And the. First time sign of trouble it it's gone it checks out okay. Then there's the rest of us the part that actually does the work now.

I'm not belittling the conscious mind it serves a very very important function in the whole mindbody dynamic. But if you don't understand its place and how it's utilized you won't utilize it you can't right. Your unconscious mind always answers. First it it always feels like you're making it up you almost always have this insane urge to edit it it's never loud it's always like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind and it's almost never linear when.

I start bringing people up to do demos and things like that. I don't know how deeply we'll get into actually work the one-on-one work. But. I will bring one or two people up and we'll help you clear some if that helps right.

And we we'll talk about motivating and being more productive because the things that keep us from being productive are the anchors we know we sit down and do some work and all of a sudden we're chasing squirrels or playing. Jewel or some kind of weird computer game right. That's your defense mechanisms those are the anchors saying. I don't you can't go there it's too dangerous it's too scary.

I don't want to do that and it's sending you off chasing squirrels right. The secret to motivation is desire how bad do you want to do something how bad cuz when there's something we really want to do how distractable are we not right. So a lot of times if we're in a job that we don't like or it's it's become kind of boring or moot there's some internal motivation changes that have happened we change those pictures around we get our motivation back internal motivation is largely what we focus on what aspect of the process we focus on as opposed to the end result right. And.

I'll. I'll circle around with that cuz want to kind of get into this whole holographic idea and why the pointand click idea or point and fix area. So mental. Body.

Energy body or emotional body physical body in our society we come from a reductionist model of the. Sciences in other words we separate the biology from the psychology from the the physics right. And these disciplines don't really talk to each other all that much in the in the self-help world we have the same idea we have body workers we have we have energy workers we have herbalists right. And.

Then we have uh you know psycho or talk therapists we separate all these things out and that's the problem because the human being isn't designed to work optimally that way the systems that make up a human being are designed by the. Big. G to work synergistically congruently towards a specific outcome when all of the elements are in place change can happen very deeply very pervasively and very fast change can happen using these other modalities. But they generally take a lot more work they're usually temporary and there's a lot more energy and a lot longer time period involved right.

The average success rate for psychoanalysis is 12 years 7 to 12 years think about that they're going to have you talking about your for 7 to 12 years right. And. Then the only like a 25 to 35% chance of actually getting help and that's a gen that's a a generous statistic closest the closest success rate to hypnosis is. CBT and that's only like it's like less than 20 yeah it's not good.

But you'll find. But you'll find one common denominator amongst all therapies that tend to work hypnotic principles there's. Altered. States.

Of. Consciousness involved and that's where we need to start yeah um you're saying that. I just. I've been studying.

C mhm and that was all that sex apparently it's not no. No. It isn't actually beautiful amazing. But what.

I notic is that. I studied hypnosis. First and and uh what. I realized is that meditation is hynosis and.

So basically what you're doing as a hypnotist is you're helping somebody go into and and. So they can be in more resourceful. State um and. So they can reach their subconscious more same thing as doing doing your own meditation and self hypnosis in my opinion this is what.

I notic. But. I just you'll find that meditation and self hypnosis have a lot more in common than they don't yeah. So honestly like hypnosis is is a way to help other people that have a problem being able to meditate do that what's the common denominator.

Delta depends could be gamas too depending on what you're doing like a lot of. Bon work tends to focus on gamma wave very high frequency stuff and. I wouldn't get hung up on brain waves only biof feedback people get hung up on brain waves right. Your brain isn't designed to work it's not going to say.

I need to go to a. Theta. State. I know people who spend their life in.

Theta can't get a thing done except be in. Theta because they put the headphones on you need to be outcome focused what's the phenomena what's the result you want to produce in personal training and and uh. Sports training they have this phenomenon known as. Sid s.

Anyway um sorry to watch a way too. I'm watching way too much psych said which is actually an acronym specific uh adaptation to imposed demand specific adaptation to impos demand what that means is your brain and your body get good at doing what they have to do over and over and over again and. So you will develop the musculature the coordination the brain wave states that are necessary for the facilitation of that outcome how many people have a background in. NLP.

I'm going to wax into jargon a little bit in. NLP they say they have an old saying an. Old. Chestnut they've been thrown around that most people can never really understand is that anything that presupposes a trance causes a trance now.

I don't know why a neur linguistic programmer who's stop who who whose field his words would use a word like presuppose that almost nobody understands right. Presuppose means assumes right. That's all it means in. English what that actually means is anything that relies on a trance in order to manifest must.

First cause that trance in order to manifest that's it circular. So if we just start with what we want we'll tend given enough time and practice to automatically. Al go into the state that's most conducive to the outcome right. But if we start with trying to create a specific brain wave state.

First well we'll develop all the faculties to go into that brain wave state and. Then not much else because we're very specific that way yeah uh question is uh and like in think and gr. Rich you talking about what you just said. U this looking in the mirror writing down your goals and just like he's talking talks about the amount of money that you want imagine like having it um.

I'm going to be very very cautious in how. I answer that okay. The problem isn't with. Imagining the things we want it's the other feelings that arise when we imagine it how many people have noticed whenever you start to imagine something you want you get this really cool elated feeling for what you want and.

Then there's all these little icky feelings in the background yeah that's what's holding you back that's what you have to clear. First if all you do is. FOC on building that image of what you want up over and over and over again well you're just creating more thrust which automatically creates more drag it contaminates the vibrational message you're sending out to the universe does that make sense yes. Absolutely.

So how do we get rid of this it's real simple how did you know you had a bad feeling in the. First place when. I how many people ever had the experience where you're you're imagining you know trying to use the law of attraction or you're using the. Law of.

Attraction you're imagining something you want and in the background somewhere in your body you feel these icky feelings in the background you try to ignore them and focus on what you want right. That's exactly why you get stuck you don't that hasn't happen for you never no. It happens. Focus.

I go yeah you know to run towards the burning building that everybody else wants to run out of by the way what you've just described is exactly why people wind up in my chair they. R away from it has this ever happened to any of you it's a beautiful weekend you're driving out in the sun radio's cranking not a caring the world having a good time and. Then all of a sudden a shitty memory from when you were 12 comes up now let me ask something do you dive head. First into that or you turn the radio up louder and hit the gas.

I don't want to think about that you stuff it down right. True not true what you yeah what what happens is your unconscious mind is sitting down there and part of it job is to hold on to this stuff until the conscious mind can come down and tell them what to do with it. So he's sitting back there with all this and he's going hey well he's not doing anything right. Now maybe we can.

Finally handle this right. And it spits that up and because nobody taught us how to deal or that we need to or we've got other things we need to handle. First we stuff it back down for every unit of energy that we keep locked in the body you need an equal or greater unit of energy to keep it there right. Now one of my mentors was a guy named.

Steven. Park. Hill he's actually wasn't one of my physical. Mentor he's one of my biproxi mentors.

But. I spent more time with his videotapes and his books than probably any other trainer because that was his his specialty was terminal cancer and he would bring people in who had you know weeks to live and cure them astronomical success rate not all. But a lot and. So one of the things he's fond of saying is that your you will run out of body parts long before your unconscious mind runs out of ideas for getting your attention right.

The feelings in your body positive or negative are like the warning lights on your dashboard they're not the problem they're the indicator that lets you know there is a problem and you have to clean that out and you'll take off like a rocket you'll be amazed how many times you go in and fix something in yourself how fast everyone around you seems to change because we're actually programming people how to respond to us those filters those energy patterns within your neurology are literally filters to your reality they're screening things and changing the priority of data in your environment that you pay attention to quantum physics physicists tell us that everything that has ever been or ever will be metaphysics saying the same thing that has ever been or ever will be is right. Here right. Now why aren't we seeing it feeling it hearing it it's because of the filters you have in place that scream that information out and reprioritize what you pay attention to based on your self-concept and your self-image which happened here how do you find them you ask the question and point to where you feel it because every single memory container remember. Ghostbusters had to go somewhere and it went somewhere in your body the node where all of that holographic information comes together and is reproduced is the feeling location in my world we call it the sematic address.

I had a somatic um some body work done earlier this year and um he pushed on this place on my like thigh and brought up this memory about my dad when. I was like 3 four five there you go yeah what the what what it's locked in the hurt like a big dog. I mean push. I've been there yeah.

So. I've had some body work. I know what you're talking about body workers have are very familiar with this concept they call it a healing crisis right. AB hypnotists call it abreactions and unfortunately they're taught to run screaming from it.

I see an. AB re action in my chair. I get excited oh. I would.

I do. CU to me that's like the dog with a bone this the you know it's it most hypnotists are taught not to deal with that put the genie back in the bottle in in the therapies that. I do that's the the fastest route to the problem yeah. So.

I'm. G to follow it like a blood hound yeah years ago. I worked with with the kids educationally and we were doing some work and they they were between the ages of five and seven and they all went straight into the body yep as we worked on them they all said to us it's there yeah and they. Al the body is the single biggest missing component in hypnosis it's the single biggest missing component in pretty much all the different types of psycho emotional problems that we deal with once you get the body engaged once you get the body involved it's very hard not to change it's very hard not to.

But most people especially people who are afraid of change we'll get up and we'll start doing exercises and they won't move yeah right. Because there's a part of them that that isn't ready for that. But the more you get the meat involved that's my. Supernatural reference right.

The more you get the meat suit engaged the more of your potential you tap into the more energy and amplitude you bring to the message remember your neurology is the single largest organic antenna on the planet it is constantly emitting a vibrational signature out to the universe that is the composite the sum total of every filter and program running in your body right. Now the sum total of every feeling conscious and unconscious that's what you're sending out to the universe purify the signal clean up the crap and what you want will manifest cleaner purer and faster right. It's that simple yes. So rather than taking one little episode after another for the.

First seven years or. However is there a quicker way to be able to clear a lot of emotional pass from y trash lots of different ways to do it lots of different ways to do it uh and we're going to cover some of those. But we've got to start playing. I want to introduce you if.

I can to some things about your neurology experientially the secret to this how many people can hear can feel good for no. Reason okay. I have drugs in the back everybody stand up everybody stand up we're going to start with this right. Now because this is again we're going to start getting into the working portion of tonight now um all right.

Let's just do this drill and. Then. I'll. I'll go into the outcomes part.

So here's what. I want you. I want everybody to understand that the single fastest way to change your vibrational signature is to change the feelings in your body the fastest way to change the feelings in your body no. Matter what's going on around you is to change the way you stand and the way you breathe uh there's a.

TED. Talk. I reference all the time by a woman named. Amy.

Amy cudy. It's called. Power poses if you haven't watched that video you need to go watch it 20 times uh what we do in our trainings and in our. Advanced courses goes well beyond what what.

Amy's teaching. But she has done the science if you hold a simple posture like a victory pose or the. Peter. Pan or.

Wonder. Woman pose or what. I call the gorilla or chairman of the board pose this means something different in. San.

Francisco. But that's my. Politically. Incorrect humor for the day um or you have that feet up on your desk and you hold that for as little as 2 minutes the hormones in your body change in a testable verifiable way 25% boost in testosterone corresponding drop in cortisol not not only do you become more confident and assertive you become more relaxed which is perfect if you're going to manifest if you're going to do manifestation work and you're how many people ever tried to manifest something from and you're in a shitty mood you just want to do your manifesting and fix it has done that no.

That's like putting stale coffee pouring clearing coffee into stale coffee bad idea you get shitty coffee no. Matter what right. So the idea is if you're going to do manifesting work you've got to start from a positive state a state of possibility a state of playfulness now the fastest way to break your state is to change your posture okay. So the.

First thing. I want you to do is. I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you really really really wanted not that one the other one it's all right. Whatever you want you're not going to tell me what it is as long as it's legal.

But. Anyway now. I don't care if it's illegal or not you're not going to tell me. So.

I don't know. I'm not psychic um. I want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment when you when you realized you wanted it right. And you knew you were going to and you made a plan you put that plan into operation and you nailed it home run touchdown.

I want you to stand the way you were standing. I. Want. You to.

Breathe the way you were breathing. I want you to let those feelings come flooding back into your mind and body and. I want you to hold that posture hold that position and we're going to do a bunch of things from this posture. But we're going to start here.

First thing. I want you to do is without changing anything about the way you're standing about the way you're breathing try to feel bad notice what happens instead notice what your body wants to do when you try to feel bad notice how it wants to change all you got to do is remember not to to change and you can't feel bad if you understand the the ramifications of this the implications of this no. One can push your buttons for long without your permission ever again remember. I told you before you're stand you're walking around in the world's largest organic antenna the vibrational signature that causes what you manifest in your life is based on the energetic signature that sum total of all the feelings and states in your body at any given moment if.

I can you ever guys know what rabid ear are the little intent of things whenever we didn't have a clear signal what' we do we we moov that around right. You just kept moving around till you found the signal well that's what your body's for your body is a vehicle and a navigation system to allow you to navigate the vibrational reality we call this. Earth this place. But it's not real it's not real it's an interpretation of vibrational information that came in through these portals we call senses is processed from electromagnetic signals by the places in your brain we call cortexes and is reconfigured into this it's a movie it's an interpretation and it's completely 100% changeable okay.

Your ability to change it is based on your ability to use your imagination to remove the filters in your perception and to play okay. So now that we understand this aspect what. I want you to do now is. I want you to turn around and face.

Troy because. I don't want you looking at me when you feel this and. I want you to think of a time in your life when you saw something you wanted and you you went for it. But for some reason it didn't manifest you just missed the brass ring or whatever and.

I want you to stand and. I want you to remember that moment that moment of disappointment if you will when you realize it wasn't going to happen and. I want you to stand the way you were standing and. I.

Want. You to. Breathe the way you were breathing and. I want you to feel the way you were feeling in that moment not too long just a little bit and now what.

I want you to do without changing your posture without changing your breathing try to feel good notice what happens instead now hold on to that negative feeling shift your body back to the winter posture to the winter breathing pattern notice what happens now in spite of what. I told you to do turn around look. Up here. Arena what' you notice uh everything is completely depend on my posture and my physical let me let me see if.

I understand you mean. I told you to feel bad yeah shift your body back to the positive posture and still feel bad and you couldn't do it yeah couldn't see that. Russians just can't follow instructions no. That's no.

It was right. You did it right. I'm just teasing you how many people noticed that even spite of the fact they were feeling crappy the minute they changed their body even though. I told you to consciously hold on to the bad feeling you couldn't do it that's the magic right.

There because there is no. Situation unless they physically restrain you and tie you in a specific position that you can't change how you're standing or sitting or breathing situations can overwhelm you people can say that will cause your conscious mind to just check out. But as long as you can remember change your physiology change the way you're standing change the way you're breathing you can get it back period okay. Very cool now.

I want you to go deeper into that wonderful. Warrior. Victorious whatever feeling it is if you want to have orgasms. I don't care just keep it quiet right.

Some people do. I mean it's it's very weird well it's not weird. But it's it's when. But.

I want you to just go as fully into those wonderful feelings as you can because now things are about to get even cooler close your eyes. See what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt remember that moment of ecstasy that moment of. Victory whatever whatever pleasure state it is that you love. So much that just makes you want more gets you excited motivated inspired see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt.

But now what. I want you to notice that there's a place somewhere in your body where those feelings start. First impression point to where you feel it look. At it with your inner eyes.

Notice there's a color or a set of colors connected to that feeling. First impression what's the color what's your color red red that's right. Close your eyes. Breathe that red energy through your entire body from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and notice what happens find any places of of of stuckness tightness or tension worry fear anxiety breathe that energy through those areas and notice what happens what do you notice it's a tough one what's happening to those areas pain goes away goes away pain goes away what do you notice when you do it cuz.

I know you're doing it you. CED as trance. I saw that go ahead. I.

I'm not there you're not there okay. Ronnie what' you do she's still doing it she's stuck in. I'm not. Ronnie you're not.

I'm sorry that's. Ronnie you're. Michelle. I'll get your names by.

Next year right. How many people did followed along when. I told him what to do raise your hand if you did it's okay. What'd you notice the even though red wasn't my color mhm.

I took. The red in and went through my body with it that's right. What' you notice. John just completely relax and.

I could it's fun cuz. I could feel some tightness in my shoulders just breathing through that and. I could feel just coming excellent that's right. What' you notice.

Michael both a nice orange sensation orange sensation. Ronnie what did you notice um just as. I breathe in it just f it up okay. What' you notice sit all of you we're going to get up in a minute.

But. I want to go through this. Law of. Attraction tells us no.

Wanted to use their voice what nobody said they wanted to use their voice nobody wanted to scream nobody wanted to laugh no. They don't think they're allowed to oh okay. Voice is really powerful. But it might might freak the neighbors out.

So oh okay. But. But you wanted to use your voice yeah of course go ahead scare the. Straits.

I don't care that's what. I live for that moment excellent. I'm. GNA bring you up to do a demo you gotta be fun.

I love expressive people it makes for good. Television right. And. I've actually been accused of like bringing like hiring people to do.

I don't do that right. I this is how. I test myself. I bring random strangers out of the out of the audience and change whe they want to change or not right.

That's not true if you didn't want to change. I wouldn't bring you up. But. I'm never here to embarrass anybody.

I'm never here to make anybody feel bad my job is to show you what's possible and to end as much suffering on this planet as. I can that's my job if. I can do it in a fun playful way it's less boring for me and the less therapy. I need right.

Now what. I just shared with you is a is a piece of a technique. I call resolution frequency generator and earlier we were talking about neuroplasticity we were talking about the holographic nature of the nervous system we were talking about feelings we were talking vibration we were talking about frequen we're talking about all these things here's the formula the feelings in your body are the manifestation of all of the holographic data encoded within your nervous system they are also equivalent to the vibrational frequency that you're emanating and radiating for every vibrational frequency you have a range of correspondent phenomena in other words how people you're are familiar with the law of. Correspondence if you're not it's okay.

We'll cover it there's two laws. I want you to become very familiar with one is the law of analogy the other is called the law of correspondant now these are fundamental fundamental principles that drive the. Law of. Attraction and if you don't understand them you are operating at a severe deficit the law of attraction that is commonly espoused to the world today says that you will attract into your life the situations people circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts and there's the rub because nobody told told you what your dominant thoughts actually are most people think that their dominant thoughts are the ones they're aware of right.

Now the little voice in their head that just said what voice right. Right. That one right. The one that's giving you that running dialogue.

But that's a very small part of a bigger pie the dominant thoughts that you have are those little fragments of. Consciousness on an an endless loop stored in your body and manifesting his feelings and they're running all the time the thoughts you're aware of are transient they're like a fart in the breeze gone right. Gone right. That's the best part about them right.

But what's stored in your body on those endless. Loops that's always there it's always running and you're always adding more because nobody taught you how to get rid of the you've accumulated and by the way even after you get rid of the you're accumulating you'll still acquire more. But that's called maintenance right. Anybody here have air conditioning in their house what happens when you don't change those filters yeah bad right.

That's right. Breathing gets a little difficult same thing happens in your system your system is a masterpiece of of of engineering if you ever doubted that. God existed look. At your bodies and curse.

God a little bit and. Then thank. God for giving you something to walk around because most of us have aches and pains and we grubble and. But the the feelings that you're carrying around do not mean you're broken they do not mean you're broken nobody here is broken what they do mean is that the systems that the.

Universe put in place to protect you to help you to survive situations circumstances and events that you weren't equipped for did their job they did their job and the little feelings you're running around with are the little check engine lights on your dashboard saying hey the. Tank's full want to change this out what do we do more in the tank right. And this is why we have these self-fulfilling prophecies okay. They're holographic which means they're not just in the body they're not just in the mind they're not just in the energy field they're everywhere and they're all connected and if you change one piece.

Everything. Will. Change. But if one if you clear a segment of it out and one segment is remaining and something triggers that the feeling comes back albe it maybe not as intensely you guys ever have this this experience where you've gone in you've got some really good change work and.

Then you run into a similar experience and it doesn't come back nearly as strong. But it still comes back yeah what means is you got fragments that didn't get cleaned out and that's usually because you you you utilized a change work system that targeted one particular aspect of the human being instead of integrating everything does that make sense okay. So going back to this idea of point and fix if you can point to to where you feel it in your body you can fix it because that body feeling is the vibrational signature and the expression of a holographic information that's being that's recorded in your body it's the node where all of the different levels come together and you can access all of it simultaneously okay. Glor of.

Correspondence tell tells us that for every frequency there's a sound there's a direction there's a color there's a taste the entire system of. Oriental medicine is based on this. So is. Western magic which is by the way where we get the law of attraction in case you didn't know that comes from a it's an extraction it's a it's a a variant a distillation if you will from a much older work known as the tabulous smagina the.

Emerald. Tablet of. Hermes the. Thrice grade who is the.

The. Fountain. Head of what we call hermetics it's a philosophy and a practice from which all basically magical practices stem from. But it's also a way of understanding the universe by observation by looking for patterns that repeat at different levels of reality the human brain is simultaneously literal metaphorical and analogical you got to go all right.

Well take care brother right. He's he's one of my clients. So. I'll let him go early because he's worked hard today.

But every cour for every concept you can come up with you have a physical portion of your brain that mediates and modulates it and it's all simultaneous okay. The same parts of your brain that monitor physical warmth also. Monitor and control emotional warmth it's called embodied cognition to the point is if. I give you a warm drink to hold while.

I'm talking to you you will actually view me and feel more warmly towards me than if you were holding a cold drink emotionally if. I give you soft comfy chairs to sit in you will. Judge. Me.

Softly less harshly than if. I were giving you a hard back chair to sit in which is why all the comfy chairs are up front. I'm teasing the human brain is holographic in nature it's metaphorical it's analogical and it's literal and depending on how your part ing that that information you'll focus on one or those areas over others okay. How does this relate stand up again.

So what have we covered. So far that our body is the world's largest organic antenna yes. We know that we can change our emotional state by changing our posture and our breathing yes. Or no.

We also said that the feelings in our body are equivalent to the frequency we want to change our body feelings we change our body posture. But there's more let's go back to um that good feeling that we like and again let's get playful like when we play do you play pretend when you were a little kid oh yeah what you like to play pretend at uh like cops and robbers perfect and were you the cop or the robber uh usually a robber. I'm recording this you know okay. What.

I'm sorry what were you the robber the robber cool. I'm good with that right. There was a time. I was.

Darth. Snider. But hey all right. Now now every how many if you have not played pretend leave now no.

How many people have ever played pretend as a kid raise your hand just. So. I know okay. How many people were tomboys how many people were.

Tom girls okay. Now whether you were a tomboy or a tom girl there were times in your life moments when you were playing either with your dolls or out in the yard or maybe you're playing soldier or cops and robbers maybe you had a toy gun or a stick or maybe you were a fairy princess and you had a little magic wand and you knew. I don't. I'm not psychic really and you knew when you started playing you started casting your spells or whatever that that what you were doing was just pretend for the.

First five minutes. Then 6 and a half minutes. Later it's a real gun or a real a real. M60 and you're killing real bad guys and you're chucking in.

Jing or you're turning people into frogs and princes and doing all this weird stuff and you're having a ball true or not true let me ask you a question were you asleep no. Were you really absorbed in what you were doing are you having a ball ladies and gentlemen if you can do that you can make any change you want and. I'm. I'm absolutely playfully serious when.

I say that okay. The other thing is focus we need to be absorbed in what we're doing and we have a very very focused and narrow focus of attention when. I talk about focus and absorption. I'm talking about like when you go see a movie how many people have ever been to see a movie right.

You know how you walk into a movie like you got your girl your best girl or guy on one arm you got your bottle of popcorn on the other time big old pop. Corner the other you're walking down the aisle wondering which one's going to be more fun you sit down the lights go down the curtain opens and. Then for the. Next 90 2 hours 2 hours 20 minutes you're somewhere else and.

Then the credits roll and aside from this massive ache in your bladder because you stayed for the very very. Last scene and teaser in the movie you. Avengers fans out there know what. I'm talking about right.

Can you tell me at what moment you became completely absorbed and focused in that movie if you can if you can you're lying that means you weren't absorbed right. And that's what we call. H uh smart person syndrome in some of these processes it's what keeps you stuck is there's this part of you that wants to hang out observe the process evaluate the process and decide if the process is working well if there's a part of you that's outside of the experience how absorbed are you say not right. So the secret to this is get playful have fun play pretend be fully absorbed in the process and act out the change you want get the body engaged to the degree that you get the body engaged the the the change has to happen it's really cool okay.

So the. First thing we're going to do is we're going to actually start to expand our understanding of these feelings and the holographic nature of a human being we're going to do that by. First pointing to where we feel those wonderful feelings. So close your eyes.

Turn off your cell phones close your eyes. I want you to bring back those wonderful feelings. I want you to see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt notice where in your body those feelings start that's right. And.

Then. I want you to take one of your hands and just touch that spot and. Then imagine if you would ladies and gentlemen that floating somewhere in the space around you is a picture that represents that amazing experience take your other hand and just. Reach.

Out. And. Touch it. First impression that's right.

Now take both of your hands trace the outline trace the edges of that picture. So you know exactly how big it is yeah that's what. I'm talking about now grab it and just like you would open up the expand the window on your iPhone or on your touchcreen make it as big as the room and notice what happens to the feeling in your body. Sita what just happened baby well.

I yeah don't punch the person that's why. I do it. So. I can see people oh.

Arena what happened sweetie when you open that up the feeling that got stronger yeah cool. Reach. Out grab that picture bring it back to its original size now without changing the size of it at all slowly pull it closer to your body and notice what happens don't shrink it. Sita you're sinking it.

I'm watching. Everybody what do you notice what happened to the feeling more intense yeah lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket and notice what happens now what just happened. Michelle oh. Goosebumps huh that's what.

I'm talking about. Wolf. Gang what happened brother a lot of. Goosebumps.

Goosebumps right. This is not in your head all right. Now unwrap it lift it back up over your head now you guys know what a frisbee is right. Now.

I'm going to. I'm going to give you a little caveat you can have your feeling back in just a minute turn this thing into a. Frisbee and throw it all the way behind you back behind the. Horizon don't hit the guy behind you notice what happened to the feelings in your body now what you notice.

Michelle they went behind me they're they're gone left how about you what happened yeah they're gone on oh you didn't throw it far enough you got a wall behind you some people do that they don't want to give it up. Troy what happened brother gone all right. Now imagine your hands are the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck that sucker back now here's the secret inside your own mind body and neurology you are the god or goddess of your. Universe yes.

You have complete right. Privilege and authority to do with your. Holograms whatever you want. I want you to take a couple minutes and play with this make it the size the shape and the location that gives you the best experience ever and put it in that spot play with it and.

Then set it in that place and let it just soak in let those feelings find your heart from your heart into your bloodstream let them travel every place your blood goes flowing into the cells and the. Very. DNA inside of those cells notice that process taking place don't try to measure it manage it or make it happen faster notice as that pleasure moves into those areas reprogramming the. DNA itself to.

Turning each cell into a little pleasure. Factory generating more and more and more of those wonderful. Sensations until it's impossible to turn off just notice that process happening see the frequencies feel the frequencies locking in and when you know they've reached that point where they're just going to keep going impossible to turn off ladies and gentlemen try to turn it off and notice what happens instead what happens. Sita you can't turn it off you mean you're stuck feeling good now oh give yourselves a big round of applause welcome to the holographic mind.

NLP gave us a hint as to the reality of what was going on. But it didn't give us the whole picture it didn't give us the understanding about all these things work together we talk about associ. I don't want to get into jargon. But basically you have two kinds of.

States you can be in at any given moment you can be externally or internally directed and you can be. Associated or disassociated which means you can be in the moment fully experiencing it as if it's actually happening or you can be disassociated like watching it on a movie theater screen there's a language that runs your neurology it is not the language that you speak don't you understand that in neural. Linguistics the emphasis is on the language that we speak and how it interacts with your nervous system in the world according to. David we go a hell of a lot in in a very different direction we're talking about the language of the neurology the neur the language that the neurology uses to create your experience and communicate that experience two syllables or two vowels in that language are size and proximity the closer a hologram moves to the core of your body the more intensely the neurology responds to it the more arousal and amplitude you generate now might that be useful in the.

Law of. Attraction why why oh he's asking us to think. I'm feeling too good leave me alone you just showed us how to manifest what if there's something that what if there's a feeling that's bothering you make it go away make it sh how would. I find that feeling oh you point to it oh got really easy all of a sudden didn't it yeah because that's technology you don't need 60 lines of code to bold a piece of type you just open the picture and move it does that make sense human beings always create technology that mirrors the way we think we always do that that's why we call it intuitive everybody hear the term intuitive interface mhm where do you think that comes from comes from you where did he get it from his neurology right.

Everything we do every piece of technology we create that has that kind of an interface is an example of a way in which our neurology can navigate this reality how we can. Custom. Design all of the experiences we have the ones we want to create and the ones that will come into our world through ways we didn't directly program it's a hologram and if we interact with the if we create an inter you guys can sit you guys did really good okay. We're going to do more stuff in a minute.

But we're going to give you guys a little break. First once we understand the. Hologram that your neurology doesn't end here that there's a vibrational reality to these phenomena and that every part of your system is always interacting with it what was once a very fragmented and hard to understand a uh system or systems becomes very user friendly very very quickly it starts with it always starts and ends with the feelings in your body the feeling. States in your body are the navigation system that we use in this reality everything else is just interpretation okay.

We change the feelings we change everything okay. Everything human beings do every behavior is in response to a feeling in their body it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want less of which goes right. Back to 0 to 7 it either feels good or it feels bad it's either familiar or unfamiliar and that's the rub because if feeling bad is familiar guess what you're going to sort for if you have to choose bad which comes. First bad or familiar guess which one it is familiar because that's what was that's what reality is everything else is just a variation on the reality.

So we have to go back and we have to change those templates those imprints those feelings because until we do we just pouring dirty coffee into a cup of clean coffee and hoping something better comes out and what you get is dilution of both does that make sense yeah yeah well at least you left the ash the ash the cigarette butts out right. We never anybody ever had that experience. So um who has something they'd like to to get rid of nobody you guys are good all right. It is oh what time we done 10 okay.

You guys want to take a break or and and come no. You want to keep going all right. Would is it okay. To be on camera of course come on up is it okay.

I have to ask all right. Um you're a little small by the way. I'm. Phyllis hi.

Phyllis. I'm. David it's a pleasure. I was about to ask you that once.

I had you in the camera shop you can have the high chair oh boy. So. I don't usually like to to to to have people's feet dangle. Ling.

But for for this exercise it's cool. So couple of things now the the process that we just taught you where you point to where you feel it. Reach. Out.

And. Touch the picture that's part of a process. I call the. Magic.

Frame and it's a very good simple way to begin to reorganize the. Holograms in your field there's. I me. I could spend all night talking about the theory.

But. Then you never see the change happen right. But just the idea of pointing to where you feel it reaching out and touching the picture changes the way your brain relates to that information it opens up more neurological. Pathways and makes you much more neuroplastic the more you play with the pictures the more plastic the neurology becomes that's one of the reasons why this is a good.

Preparatory exercise for anything find a good feeling find the picture and just play because the more you do it the more warmed up the nervous system becomes and the easier it is to change does that make sense okay. So that's why. I ask how many people can feel good for no. Fraking reason now you can right.

If you do it too much you might not leave the house. So just be careful. So what was your name again. Phyllis.

Phyllis you have something you want to get rid of yes. Okay. Uh is it something you feel comfortable talking about yes. Okay.

Why don't you tell me what you got. I am losing weight and feel a failure when. I don't you feel a failure when you don't okay. And what would you like to feel instead.

I would like to feel okay. With it. I feel okay. With it feel like to still like to love myself recognize the progress.

I'm making and keep going forward instead of beating myself up because it didn't work that week oh you beating yourself up oh big time okay. M all right. This might get a little bit more comprehensive than. I was going to show.

But we're going to do this for. Phyllis okay. You ever been in trans. I have not you have never been in trans do you know even at the.

Delmer not even at the. Dum are fair can you pretend to be in trans yes. All right. I want you to close your eyes.

For me all right. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart now. Phyllis.

I want you to remember something that no. Matter where we go and what happens you're completely safe and you don't have to reveal anything you don't want to everything can take place inside the privacy of your own mind is that okay. Yes. In a moment.

Phyllis not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to use that amazing imagination of yours and. I'd like you to imagine if you would the safest most nurturing wonderful protected environment you've ever experienced now some people it's a real location some people it's a place that they've actually visited other people that place only exists in their mind a place that you know they have their.

Spirit guides and their guardian angels. I had one student out in. London her idea of a safe place was five miles underground in a nuclear fallout shelter surrounded by lead and concrete and there was only enough room in the damn place for her. FIS whatever your safe place is and how it represents itself to you.

I just want you to go there in your imagination can you do that yes. I want you to see what you see and hear what you hear and feel what you feel and when you're fully in that space just nod your head to let me know perfect now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to pay attention to something interesting there's a feeling that you get when you're in your safe place isn't there yes.

And there's a place in your body where that feeling lives. First impression point to where you feel it. First that's right. Right.

There that's perfect now. I want you to notice that there's a color or maybe a series of colors connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression gold that's right. From the 60s that's perfect.

I love gold you see half my wardrobe is gold now here's where it gets really cool. I want you to imagine a big ball of that golden energy floating above your head in fact in your safe place. I'd like you to use that amazing imagination of yours and imagine that the entire place if it's a building from floor to ceiling from wall the wall is completely filled with that wonderful beautiful golden energy excellent and. Then when you're ready.

I. Want. You to. Breathe that golden energy through your entire body from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and just breathe it let it flow take all the time you need to really fill yourself up up with it notice and scan your body notice any places of pain tightness discomfort tension worry fear anxiety any of that less than positive stuff and since this is an endless.

Unlimited. Supply breathe as much of that energy through those areas as you can as you want to and notice what happens and tell me about it. I feel very relaxed that's right. And just keep breathing let it flow you're doing great and as your body continues to soak in those wonderful safe energies those safe frequencies.

Another. Part of. Your. Mind.

May begin to float up out of your body floating up into that safe energy right. Into the very source of it you may even begin to notice yourself merging completely with that place like a drop of water merging back into the ocean from which it came and you may also begin to notice now it may or may not happen for you. But some people start to get the impression the intuition that from this place. Phillis anything that you can imagine anything that you can intend anything that you can physically act out must must must become real and true and manifest for you in this physical world because all the experts agree that it's the inner world that controls the outer world and in your inner.

World. Phyllis you're the goddess of your universe and you have the absolute right. And the authority and the permission to change anything you want and. I'm going to teach you how to do that once.

I teach you how to do that you'll be able to do it for yourself forever for anything you want anything you need if you can point to it you'll change it and there's a feeling you've been having a feeling you don't like or maybe you just want to change a feeling that has everything to do with why you're here today and. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where that feeling lives and. I'd like you to point to it for me. First impression you're doing great that one's hard um because it's out there it's out there.

Reach. Out. And. Touch it for me it's right.

There yeah trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is tell me about that shape it is a human it's a human cool and is it all outside of your body. MH okay. Does it have a color black black and does it have a weight temperature or.

Texture it's just skinny and tall as you focus on that skinny tall human who's black and is out in front of you. I want you to use your mind's eye for me. I want you to travel into the center of that black tiny human that's out in front of you till you find the very center of it when you that's right. And.

I want you to pass through the center of it like a thread passing through the eye of a needle. I want you to follow that thread all the way back in time to the very. First scen situation or event that is the point of origin of that tall skinny black per black person person that's out in front of you and when you get there the or point of origin of it and when you get there. I just want you to nod your head to let me know excellent.

I'm going to ask you a series of questions just answer with your. First impression are you inside or outside outside alone or with people with people daytime or night time daytime look. At your hands in that scene are they big girl hands little girl hands or somewhere in between little girl hands really excellent look. At your feet are you wearing shoes or are you barefoot socks and shoes socks and shoes excellent look.

Around you give me a report and tell me what's happening. I have family around me we're watching an old. TV set an old. TV set and.

Then what happens it's daytime it's daytime and and. Then the negative person comes in the room oh the negative person comes in the room and. Then what happens they start yelling at us they start yelling at you when they start yelling at you fyis what happens. Then everybody gets quiet everybody gets quiet and the.

TV goes off the. TV goes off off and when the. TV goes off what happens. Then you get sad you get sad yeah when you get sad.

Phyllis what happens. Then cry you cry and you think you and you feel bad you feel bad. MH that's right. I'm going to ask your unconscious mind to give me an an answer a question real quick right.

Now because. I want to make sure you get everything you deserve instead of this stuff is that okay. Okay. If your unconscious mind could sort through all of of your memories and find every version of yourself that had a similar experience to this moment and take them all to your safe place how many would there be.

First impression not too many yeah can you give me a number. First maybe five perfect here's what. I'd like you to do. Phyllis.

I'd like you to ask your unconscious mind to go through your memories and find those versions of yourself that need to go to that safe place that deserve and want to go to that safe place and move them all there and. I want you to notice the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind moves those versions of yourself into that place and when they're all there take all the time you need and when you know they're all there just nod your head to let me know they there okay. Perfect now this is where it gets really cool. First thing.

I want you to do when they're all there is. I want you to take your safe energy and. I want you to breathe it through all of them and notice what happens tell me about it oh they turn to dust they turn to dust is that a good thing mhm very cool now whoever's left in that place there's some stuff that those that that mean person and other people like that have pushed on you and forced you to carry kind of like. Karma you know you familiar with the term.

Karma now in the world according to. David we have this. Special. Forces.

Unit. I call the. Karma. Police and their job is to come in and joyfully and playfully and skillfully extract all of that crap that other people installed in you and projected on you and made you carry for all those years stuff that had nothing to to do with you and everything to do with them.

I want you to notice the feelings in your body shift and changes the. Karma. Police in whatever form they take come in and they pull out all that stuff yeah those people are stupid yeah if you could imagine all that stuff taken out of you and piled in a big old pile way off in the distance how big would that pile be pretty big pretty damn big that's right. Now.

I want you to watch all that stuff flying out feel that stuff flying out feel that pile getting bigger and bigger way off in the distance and. Then right. Next to him are all like a police lineup are all the people that contributed to it oh and what happens. Next is really interesting because as soon as that pile is fullsize the.

Karma. Police go into phase two this can either be very cathartic or a lot of fun because what happens. Next is the. Karma.

Police begin delivering they go into that pile they grab handfuls of it or big quantities of it and they deliver it back to the person who generated it in the. First place in the most karmically appropriate way possible if they were mean they get it back in a mean way if they were nice about it they get it back in a nice way the way that gives you the greatest sense of fulfillment validation and. Vindication the way that gives you the greatest sense of inner piece enclosure. I just want you to notice that process taking place allow it to run its course completely notice the feelings in your body shifting and changing as that happens and when you know it's done just nod your head to let me know perfect as you look.

At what's left of that big old pile if anything how much is left and of it of what's left how much of it is actually yours it's just dust just dust what do you want to do with that dust you want to make it blow away or burn it up or blow away that's right. Now as you look. At the remaining ver memories of yourself all cleansed and healed and happy in that safe place how many of them are there none none perfect. So it's just you in the safe place now right.

Now here's what. I want you to do remember that in this place. Phyllis everything's allowed and. I mean everything.

I had one little girl when we went through her clearing process all she wanted was ice cream and hugs and she was 35. But the little girl wanted ice cream and hugs. So. I said well.

I want you to make the best alternate reality movie ever we gave her a very special kind of ice cream in a very special reality she could eat as much as she want wants for as long as she wants and she'd never get sick and she'd never gain weight and she'd never lose a tooth and an infinite supply of hugs a. So when. I say everything's allow. Phyllis.

I mean everything. So what. I want you to do right. Now is.

I want you to create an alternate reality movie and. I want you to go as far back into your life as you need to go all the way from the point of conception up to now if you want to and. I want you to script and write out out and create the perfect life if you had written the script and the actors had and you had chosen the actors and you had they had played their roles to. Perfection that gave you every experience every quality every resource everything that would make you the happiest little camper on the planet every day for the rest of your life that's what.

I want from you. I want you to create that movie see what you see hear what you hear feel what you feel full dimensional when it's perfect crystal clear in every way. I want you to watch it not once not twice. But over and over and over again hundreds of times at the speed of thought each repetition 10 times stronger 10 times more powerful 10 times more real until it becomes more real than any experience you've ever had and it overwrites every experience you've ever had and just keep watching it and watching it and notice as you do there's a feeling or a set of feelings in your body connected to that alter reality movie isn't there and there's a set of colors connected to those feelings true or not true true what are those colors phis the bright.

Yeah. Neon bright. Neon here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to take all those bright. Neon colors. I want you to breathe through every level of your mind body and soul and especially through that black slender figurine out in front of you and notice what happens the person that's not there anymore it's not there anymore try to bring it back notice what happens instead you can't oh just keep breathing those frequencies in until it's impossible to turn off and when you know you've got it try to turn it off and notice what happens instead when you're ready to bring all this into reality complete an expression with you allow your eyes. To open and notice how different you feel in the world looks.

I can't do anything wrong hey give her a big. Round of. Applause well done thank you guys have any questions for this lovely. Lady.

Who. Was. Not hypnotized yeah it works like that how long did that take how long have you had that. Phyllis the thing that's gone how how long did you have it.

I think. I was a child oh you didn't know it though yeah in a very literal sense okay. And it just gets a very deep well by the way it's still changing there's changes that happen right. Away and.

Then there's changes that happen as a result of the changes it's not uncommon for people to actually break out in a sweat. I was yeah when people the neurolog is resetting itself at a very very deep physiological level as well as a psycho emotional one it's holistic. So every part of you from the subtlest vibrational aspects to the the endocrine system to the the organs themselves the acupuncture. Marines it's all all involved right.

This is what happens when the entire system is engaged okay. Now that was a much more complex intervention. But it starts with point to where you feel it find the picture we actually did that didn't we reach out and touch the picture because the thing she had was actually outside of her that's part of theur the language of the neurology size shape location have me mean meaning to the neurology it's part of the alphabet that the neurology runs on we just take them as phenomena or attributes. But they're not every attribute has a neurological significance does that make sense how many people have something they would like to change how many are lying to me because only the only the front row rais their hands right.

Remember if you want to manifest things you have to clear your energy field these objects that we that we point to and we reach out and we touch your neurology interprets them as solid objects they have as much reality to it as this table what's going on with you two like. I can see that salt and. Peppa over here all right. So you can do this to install things that you want.

But it's always always a good idea it's always a good idea to clean up the things holding you back. First. I've got this tape running oh about being lonely being lonely yeah how long you had that consciously like the. Last month okay.

Yeah and how about unconsciously all my life all your life okay. Is it okay. To get rid of it yeah she's like oh. I open my mouth that wasn't very convincing now that's actually one of the things.

I pay attention to when. I ask somebody. I ask that question for a very specific reason the unconscious mind always answers. First.

But not always verbally and. So when. I ask that question. I'm looking at what your body does if.

I see this moment of the startle response that tells me what. I need to know right. There that there's something else that needs to be cleared. First your body wants you to be happy.

But if it has to choose between keeping you safe and keeping you happy guess what it'll choose because safety equals familiar right. That's the rub right. So there's there's hypnotic principles in here. But there's a vibrational overlay to this that gives us a much broader understanding of how the system actually creates our experience.

NLP gave us the hint many you know back in the 70s it was cutting edge and it still is in many cases. But there's a deeper phenomenon there's a deeper reality to these things that. NLP discovered and. L us to.

So let's see some little did. I give anybody a little piece that will. Intrigue them yes. Have some right.

It's like sipping from a freaking fire hose. I know uh how about that idea of self-fulfilling prophecies did we kind of cover that whole idea how to create a better one do you think what. Phyllis has is a self-fulfilling prophecy now yeah all them self-fulfilling prophecies are are memory recordings encapsulated holographically within the. Neurology on an endless loop.

But the thing we need to understand about them is that they are in fact holographic they're a hologram of your. Consciousness which means on a very literal level everything that you knew up to that point of trauma when the system created that that code it knows and nothing else beyond that what do you mean by hologram you got do you understand that the theory of a hologram sort of yeah whatever a hologram is an optical construct where they take a light beam and they split it and. Then they shine one side you can probably explain a hologram better than me. John no.

You're you're great okay. I'm. I'm not. I will probably get some of it wrong.

But here's the idea when you create a hologram they split this light beam they send part of it to an object the other part goes to u a photographic plate and those beams when they uh when they connect again at the plate create a three-dimensional image on that plate that if you shine a laser beam or a light beam through it the entire three-dimensional image is represented and you can see it from all the different angles. But here's the interesting thing about a hologram and fractals which is a different concept. But similar is that if. I take that hologram and.

I break it up into pieces and. I shine a light through one piece of that hologram the entire image is there it just has lower resolution does that make sense your. Consciousness your your totality as a human being is holographic okay. So uh let me see maybe.

I can diagram this a little bit this goes back to again okay. I. I'll just. I'll just do weird stuff for a while you guys don't you guys don't want a break.

I was going to give you a 15-minute break and we come back and let you guys zap each other. But no. Okay. Fine you just want to see me lecture get that look.

Of horror when you actually see him do something. I got to do that yeah you right. So think about let's talk about the anatomy of trauma because that's really what we're talking about all the things that keep us stuck we learned period we come into this world with no. Limits in our mind we have nothing we're a blank freaking hard drive everything that hold us back every resource that we have we learned we learned it holographically.

But there's a system in place and this system was really isolated and it comes from the trauma therapy world and a lot of it. I've learned on my own. But. Then.

I went and studied uh the work of. Brent bomb who created a system called holographic memory resolution and his work which is very scholarly and comes from specifically from the trauma world uh just confirmed everything that. I had been theorizing and he gave me a whole new. U field of information to study and work from and practice from and it's brilliant brilliant stuff and.

I highly recommend his work if you want to if you're that special kind of stupid where you want to help other you shovel other people all day long that's a special kind of stupid. I'm sorry when. I when. I.

First got into this stuff all. I wanted to do was kick butt get laid and be cool right. Not necessarily in that order. But as you go about solving your own problems dealing with your own stuff life and the universe has a very interesting way of bringing you full circle if you'd ask told me 15 20 years ago that.

I'd be seeing patients 8 hours a day 5 days a week clearing that was not on my radar right. As we evolve as we go through these different stages which you're supposed to do you're supposed to indulge. So you can disco you can't discover the middle ground until you know what the extremes are ladies and gentlemen just hope you don't go to the extreme that you kill yourself and wind up having to do it again in the. Next life right.

But that's kind of where it started. So in trauma if this is. Baseline right. This is our every yes.

Sir how do you spell his. Last name. B. Au u m b b a.

So this is our this is our life right. This is our timeline now every now and. Then happens right. These are our highs emotional highs and lows and.

Then there's a threshold threshold this is the limit. So things are going along and every now and. Then something breaks that threshold right. We'll call this terminal event means when you hit this point you're either dead or you survived either way problem solved right.

But what's happening is is there's a recording a recorder that's running through this whole process your unconscious mind recording the events of your life in a way that's in holographic nature. But for the most part nothing crazy is happening. But every now and. Then you get this.

Spike and it starts at. T minus one or t depending on how you do it and. Then up to. T.

T10 which is terminal event there's this escalation of shock and arousal in the nervous system right. At about. T9 a mechanism is triggered the trauma defense mechanism and literally what happens is for a fraction of a. Second everything goes offline you ever have your your system spontaneously reboot like you're in the middle of something else and it just decides to reboot for no.

Reason guess where that came from right. At tus 9 or. T9 the system goes offline not at. T10 which is the worst moment terminal event when you regress people to trauma this comes from.

Brenton and starting to be validated in my world the worst moment is never there the moment just before the worst moment is there the system goes offline and the whole complex is sealed in its little pocket. Dimension and it's running on an endless loop and it's stored somewhere in the body now one of two things happens at. T10 you either died or you didn't which case the system comes back online life goes on yes. So mhm let me either died this life or.

Last time ago could be both okay. Okay. Okay. Remember cellular imprints play a role here cuz they're holographic yeah.

I've done some timeline work and that happened where the past it's a hologram and and they are p on yeah. So all of the events leading up to the the traumatic event are they associated with the event itself. So anything any of those things before that can be linked to yeah anxiety yeah because remember what we're talking about is every time this particular process takes place everything up to. T9 and back is encapsulated right.

And remember. I said your your. Consciousness is ho. Ric and fractal.

So this fragment of your. Consciousness knows everything that you knew up to. T9 and nothing. Beyond it it doesn't know it's over which is why.

PTSD happens because something in the environment retriggers the. Hologram you're in the. Hologram and it's it's happening it's on. So when you're fully triggered something bring bring that back um are are you saying like previously that just by changing your body posture you can reset the system you won't necessarily fix the fix you won't fix the hologram by resetting that.

But you can just you can break the state moment get rebalance you can break the state long enough to exert another another type of technique or control that's why. I teach this. First this is your get out of jail free card if you can get your physiology changed and hold it for at least 2 minutes you can break anything you're in yeah what. So.

CS don't realize is that you're running when you say programs you're running a bunch of different time. Loops yeah time. Loops because remember every trauma you've had up to this point is here too right. And they're all being organized by what what they have in common.

But there time be edited they are that's usually why we wind up with tumors and things like that said you can edit those oh yeah that's the whole point of this is that once we understand there's a vibrational reality to these certain frequencies are missing we add those frequencies back the system reintegrates the trauma goes away because now the drop has merged back into the ocean and you can heal you got a question. I already answered it okay. You can't stop the event from happening just how you react to it you can completely depotentiate the experience. So like divorce firing yeah most a lot of times people come in to my clinic and they're getting over a bad breakup and when.

I say go back to the. First scene situation or event that is the source of that feeling you know where they are 0 to 7 eight eight times out of 10 0 to 7 you fix it there it doesn't bother them that much anymore the further back we go in the human timeline the more powerful and pervasive the me and foundational the memories are okay. I can shake the floor of this the the. Third floor of this building and shake the.

Third floor or. I can shake the earth and the entire building shakes which would be we more efficient right. Just to use a earthquake metaphor because we're in. California right.

Right. But this is literally this is how you make a practical understanding and apply this to abundance and law a attaction the vibrations in your the energy field around you is a vibrational phenomena and you have a range of vibrational frequencies and each and every one of those is analogous to a feeling and a color and as you access the feelings and the colors which in hermetics we call correspondences the more correspondences you tap into the more aspects of the holographic neurology and the holographic metaphor you activate the more power and. Rapid more rapidly you can change it now what. I did with.

Felicia was what we call level two intervention is that. I got the impression that as. I was working with her that this wasn't this wasn't a once andone thing. So.

I did what we call what. I call a batch release we brought all the memories that were connected to it because the unconscious of my nose were all they're all buried she knows where all of them are. I call it talking to the boss right. Because there's only two entities in the universe that know where this problem started and who was involved that's.

God in your unconscious mind now in. California we have really nice weather and a lot of golf courses. God plays an awful lot of golf. So he doesn't always take my calls.

But the unconscious mind is always home and he or she always knows where we need to go if you trust it and that's the problem we're not taught to trust that other part because a nobody told us how to separate a conscious response from an unconscious one and many times we're at the same level as the problem which is why we need somebody to guide us not always. I put a lot of how many people are here because of my videos how many people actually wow almost none of you here from my videos holy fresh meat right. Uh. I've got a a very sub.

I got over 200 over 200 videos on. YouTube and they're they're seminars just like this where. I'm literally pulling people out of the audience and doing changes and things like that we have over 31,000 subscrib ders um and. I do that because there's.

I know for as many people as. I see in a day that there are millions more who will never have the opportunity to work with me either because they don't want to or because they don't have the resources or or whatever. But there are millions and millions of people who want to fix their own which is what most of you are here for you don't want me to fix your you want to fix your own. Then there's that special kind of stupid who wants to go around fixing other people's right.

So. I created videos and. I created opportunities for whatever level of intervention you're looking for if you want me to work with you and things like that. I.

I. I have a free gift for all of you that. I. I encourage you to take um.

But it's not mandatory uh. But this is for you to give you the tools and the techniques to start driving your own bus. So you can go as far as you can on your own and. Then show you where to go when and if you're ready for more right.

So the idea here is point to where you feel it find the picture right. Now many times and this is the simple intervention. I want you guys to play with if you will many times when we try to resolve something if let's say on a 0 to 10 scale it's got like a an eight and we do a technique and it drops down to like a two and it just doesn't go any further right. It just stops there more often than not what you're running into is another safety mechanism that the neurology has there's a part of your neurology that is designed to preserve lessons in other words if there's if something if you touched a stove when you were two and you burned your finger right.

There's a part of you that wants to encode that lesson and keep you from doing that again and the way it will do it is anytime you're in a situation or circumstance where you could possibly do that you'll get a bad feeling and there'll usually be a flash of memory sometimes you're conscious of that sometimes you're not. But the feeling is always and somewhere right. Phantom pain is really kind of that way too. I've actually worked with phantom pain and all kinds of.

CPS and. I don't know if you're familiar with car pariz regional pain syndrome it's chronic it's really bad stuff. I mean and all of it responds extremely well to this and other the spinning and all the other things you've seen me do and. I invite you to check out the.

YouTube channel it's completely free right. And you'll get lots of cool stuff okay. Um. But this technique what you do is you to where you feel it you find the picture you put a big black frame around it right.

And. Then you white out that image or darken that image out kind of like on an old school television set. Then using your finger like a stylist on a tablet you write out the lessons across that screen everything everything that that experience had to teach you. So you can keep the lessons and you let the rest go shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp and put it behind you where you threw your frisbee and nail it back there and notice what happens to the feeling now the reason.

I'm giving you that is because many times especially when it comes to wealth accumulation comes to. U. Law of. Attraction abundance things like that we've internalized lessons about wealth about people with money now we may have developed those on our own we may have inherited them from our parents.

But regardless of where we got them if we connect to a pure light source that has all the colors point to where we feel it find the. Hologram extract the lessons change the intensity of it and move it behind us more often than not it will go away okay. You guys want to play with that a little bit everybody pick something on a shittiness scale of. Z to 10 that has about a emotionally cuz you're all going to pick a 10.

I know how you guys work you ain't fooling me you guys dude this is not my. First road here. But something that bothers you that you'd like to change that's on a a 0 to 10 scale is about a 1 to three being low yeah not too much because. I don't want anybody having screaming.

AB reactions that. I have to fix it's getting late because. I can't fix it. I just know.

But again just stand up for this because sometimes it's it's easier to do this standing up. I find that a lot of these semantically engaging processes if you're on your feet um you tend to get more involvement more activation of the neurology. So. I want you to think that thing you want to change okay.

Point to where you feel it go with your. First impression good now. Reach. Out.

And. Touch the picture connected to that feeling. First impression trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is excellent put a big black frame around it if you're yawning that's a good sign by the way now feel along the bottom of that frame and you'll notice that there's some dials and knobs and switches now of you are probably too young to remember when televisions had like literal dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remotes.

But. I want you to feel along the bottom of that frame until you find the the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast turn that all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the image all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely and notice how that makes you feel and decide decide which one you like better and leave it there and. Then using the index finger of your dominant hand like a stylus on a tablet now there were some lessons and some exper some things that this experience had to teach you.

I want you to write those lessons in glowing golden letters across that screen. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go now here's the best part you don't even have to know what the hell you're writing right. I've had people literally write from both sides of the screen simultaneously they have no. Idea they're just doing squiggles it's like they're writing.

Chinese and. Hebrew at the same time just let the finger go and do its thing some people notice interesting. Sensations and. Sy.

Syms come up as this happens some people just get waves of emotion some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people sweat whatever you're feeling let it happen it's just the neurology resetting and just keep writing the screen will scroll. So you can write as much or as little as you need to keep writing until you know it's done when you know it's done and only when you know it's done even though. I'm going at a certain. Pace you may process faster or slower take all the time you need to do this properly as soon as you have the lessons done and only.

Then reach up with both of your hands and. Shrink that down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller float it up over the top of your head float it back. Beyond the. Horizon you now you know the sound a nail gun makes hear that nail gun pounding that back there fixing it back there for all eternity notice the process taking place when you know it's locked back there for all eternity try to bring it back and notice what happens instead take a tour of your body notice how different you feel when you know you've got it allow your eyes.

To open look. Around what just happened have a seat what just. Happ what's your name. Joyce.

Joyce what just happened feel a little lighter feel a little lighter very cool right. That light feeling is literally a lightning feeling right. The neurology is has an organization to it okay. Uh in.

NLP we say the map is not the territory right. And people say right. And inside they're going what the does that mean cuz. I did for 20 years like what it means is is that the sum total of reality and all the information in it is far too big for us to consciously comprehend.

So your neurology creates a map a fa simile of what it thinks the how the thinks the universe works and depending on how information. Rich that that that map is we have access or. Le more access or less access to stuff. But the map is not the terrain and the best part is and this is a thing they really didn't tell us is that the terrain is easily more robust to accommodate pretty much any map you impose on it some just deliver the result get you to the destination faster or slower than others if you understand the metaphor right.

So. Quita how you doing sweetie have a moment yeah let it happen yeah let it come up let it come out as. I like to say as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it. So solve dissolved and resolved from the body solve dissolved and resolv from the mind for all the right.

Reasons the human body the human being is designed to pass energy and information through it you are not a human. Be. You. Are a.

Human. Being which implies you are a process of processes in. Chinese medicine we say when anytime information or energy stops in the body you have pain you have illness you have disease you have tension there's a principle there that's universal one right. The things that bother us are the places in our body where we've stuck energy right.

And the worst place we can keep it is locked inside yes. Ma'. I have a question. So between.

Z and of it yeah the body always knows and we follow the body sematic address the feeling location in the body even if we don't know consciously what's there we're still accessing the the. Hologram. So we can still deal with it and many times because of the unique questioning protocol that we use we can slowly unlock most of that there are tech there are other techniques that that tap into this holographic model. I don't even have to know what you're working on you don't even have to know consciously and that's one of the big fallacies in our a lot of our talk therapies is that we believe that before we can work with anything we have to consciously know what it was no.

You don't if you can if there's a feeling that you can isolate in your body you have all the inform pretty much all the information you need give or take a few elements to change it because once you have the feeling you have access to the sum total of the holographic information that's stored there which means all the colors all the feelings all the temperatures all the shapes all the metaphors that are analogous to that information come to a head right. There or wherever that feeling emanates from. So literally if you can point to it you can change it and you can put something else there instead that's where the generative part comes in see not only is if if if all we did was learn how to clear our that would be awesome. But we can put good in and fine-tune our navigation system to take us where we want to go to become the person who can be do and have those things now most of us are kind of defaulted towards putting that in.

First the problem is is that the conception the the the model of that outcome is informed by all the that's holding you back right. So by definition the outcome we're creating is. Tainted by the that's in the way that's changing how we filter our perceptions. So if you change that stuff.

First very often what you want and how you want it and how you perceive it begins to change subtly also and those things are far more likely to manifest does that make sense is this useful okay. So have a question yes. Sir. So why is kind of storing this energy in the body you know in my world we call it a sematic address right.

Address. So why is it like inside the body why is it inside the body you'd have to ask. God. I don't know well actually.

Felicia wasn't the good feelings her safety feelings they were right. To here right. The gold. But when she accessed that that the thing that she wanted to change it was out here it doesn't really matter where it's at it's how you relate to it that's important this is why creating a defined set system and imposing it on everybody well you get about 50% if that.

But. I it's just much more easier when. I when. I have her point to a feeling she wants more of and can give me a color and she says blue.

But. I know the heart colors are green and pink no. That's wrong because that's what we do right. We ask somebody what their color is it doesn't match the system we were taught and all of a sudden they're wrong or that system is well.

I'm more highly invested in that than you are and. I am in you. So you must be wrong that whatever a person gives you you have to work within their holographic metaphors their worldview they're never wrong. So if you place stand that stuff let's say in kidneys or you know in body is it a more likely you would develop a disease manifest in fact uh if anybody's familiar with.

Louise. Hay's work. Louise is brilliant and she clinically. I don't.

I haven't think. I don't think she's been wrong yet in in in clinical experience when. I when. I've regressed people and more often than not she's in the ballpark you know.

So. I wouldn't take her literally and you know. But as a guide when you start working with people notice what patterns start to arise and you'll find out that more often than not there's there's a there's a definite pattern and it's the patterns and the ability to recognize those patterns that are what's true in this universe everything else changes. But the patterns keep emerging at different levels of reality.

So true and once you learn to see the patterns. That's the. Law of analogy by the way that's the law of analogy and that's what. NLP and.

Oriental medicine and the martial arts that. I study which. I have a 9th degree black belt in the martial arts and the art that. I specialize in is an energy based martial art that teaches people how to defend themselves using the acupuncture points and meridians to make them do weird things make wet themselves and.

I would never do that. But be's killing them. I guess. But my point is.

I spent a lot of time in this field in this world right. Putting a lot of things together for me. I didn't. I as altruistic as.

I may seem. I did not create this for you right. I had my own problems. I had my own.

I wanted to deal with and. I just was relentless in my pursuit of finding ways to stop suffering and to get the things. I wanted in life it turns out other people want that too. So here.

I am right. So. I'm going to we have about you know half an hour left where do you want to go. Next it's your.

Meetup tell me what you want not a clue is this fun is this useful all right. How many people notice does profound change when they when they move that behind them right. Obvious yeah obviously right. And what you're seeing with.

Sita. I don't know if how many were paying attention. But what you saw was an emotional detox it was an emotional release of the that was stored in the body because of where that hologram was in relation to her spinal cord okay. Uh.

I'll give you one. Last thing uh that you can play with this is. I call this this this particular process. I call it the dash the uh the control panel and.

I want. I need to give you some uh some background on it before away with you all right. So let me just put oh that didn't work either maybe. I'll just pretend okay.

All right. That's good enough where's my erase is there an erase. I know there was an erase somewhere there we go we'll just erase this okay. Good.

So going back to my draw the human body radi creates an electromagnetic field that is measurable with instruments 8 ft in diameter from the human body if we take liberties with that field and we impose a. Taurus shape you guys know what a. Taurus is it's like a donut if you haven't you'll see it eventually we divide the human being this is the frontal plane this is the posterior plane this is the spinal cord okay. Okay.

Anything in the frontal plane is active and open think about your desktop at home on your computer now if you've ever seen my desktops you know that you can't actually see the desktop because there's files everywhere right. And if. You' ever had a bunch of files open at the same time you know that some files are bigger some files are smaller some are really really up close and they they hide things behind them that sound familiar everything in your frontal plane is an active open file a program that's running and they're layered vibrationally on top of each other because they're vibrational they don't take up any space. So you can have an infinite amount of information in the same area.

But the minute you point to a feeling in the body you target a particular file that one. Pops to the top kind of like your computer yep right. And. Then you can work with it most people's forward frontal planes frontal hemispheres are completely uded with okay.

There's stuff that's in your face there's stuff that's all a distance you suffer you you get somebody who suffers from chronic anxiety depression worry fear phobias they're pictures are this close and they're this big without fail without fail every now and. Then you'll find an exception that proves the role. But clinically this is how it works when you got someone who's completely overwhelmed by an experience the picture is too big and it's too close to the core of the body the. First thing you want to do besides changing their posture point to where they feel it find the picture and move it.

I had you guys do that didn't. I. I had you find a feeling. Reach.

Out. And. Touch it make it bigger what happened more the feeling got more intense true or not true had you pull it closer to your body what happened more had you put yourself in it what happened it got even more intense probably even felt like you were having it again for some of you right. This is what's going on this is two components of the holographic nature of the nervous system there's tons more information information in there.

But you won't get it unless you ask for it that's the magic of this system and your conscious mind your conscious mind is like a spotlight a little penlight in a dark room right. You ask for a certain piece of information the unconscious mind will spit it up the conscious mind goes oh there it is and it misses everything else because that's how it works it's. Spotlight awareness in these processes we're utilizing the consciousness mind we're utilizing the critical faculty that part that hypnotists are trained to to to send out for pizza we're reintegrating back into the process. So all of you is working holographically this is your holographic control panel everything in the front of you is open and active whether you're aware of it consciously or not it's using energy it's taking up space using resources everything in the posterior quadrant is is done and over it's like your taxes anybody here do taxes how many people he.

M to not doing taxes you're recording this you know you're foreign in the. United. States and many other countries we have this thing called income tax and after every year we have this big box of stuff usually we call these files and receipts and every. So often we have to sit down a large container of alcohol maybe some bandages for our butt and and we have to sort through all the stuff and we have to tabulate it and organize it and.

Then we have to write the numbers down and. Then we have to write the check and we. Finally get through it half the bottle's gone sign the check there goes the other half we send that off and we're done except for this big box of stuff that the government says. I have to keep.

But. I have no. Use for it it's useless. But.

I have to keep it. So what do. I do. I have to find a place to put it leave the country a place leave the country.

I have to find place where for all intents and purposes it's out of the way it's not going to bother me. But if. I ever need to if the people knock on my door and say. Hey you missed a spot what's this drugs for your dog's par existential crisis what the hell is this and.

I have to go find it. But for all intents and purposes done that's your posterior hemisphere that location comes out in your language that that truth comes out in your language you'll hear it when people say. I just can't get past this. I need to put this behind me.

I have to get over this me down right. Right. It's literal which is all we did we took. The stuff that should have been closed edit it as we needed to and refiled it in the place where the shit's done over now if you need to go back and find it it's there.

But for all intents and purposes it's done we don't need to do it we don't need to worry about it anymore it's not using any resources you said sometimes it comes back in fragments you didn't not usually with this uh holographically usually this will be part of a much a much more comprehensive intervention. But for many things this is enough. So this is conceptual this isn't actual physical no. I can do this with physical pain.

I can do this with tumors. I can do this with everything well. I'm just wondering like for example if if you were sitting here like this and. I could feel somebody staring at me from behind that's kind of saying that person behind me is in the current and my perception is in the current well when you say conceptual we get the idea that it's it's it's only imaginary and it's not a literal reality.

I don't think of this as just an imaginary reality. I think of this as a literal vibrational orientation and filing cabinet right. Right. And.

I find that that that that holds water now whether you just look. At these as imaginary constructs it'll still work it'll still work whether you whether you believe in energy as a phenomena or not it'll still work that's the beauty of it. I happen to to embrace the idea that there's an energetic vibrational reality phenomena connected to the imagery that. I'm perceiving the metaphors.

I'm creating. But they're all just interpretations of. Energy. Information encoded in a vibrational.

Matrix. But one thing has to be true if the body is a result of the energies that make it up and the experiences that we have are a result of the information encoded in the energy. Then by definition that energy must be encoded in a language the neurology understands and if that's true what is that language well that language is size shape location color everything that we consider an attribute has neurological meaning it tells the neurology how to generate an experience which is analogous to a vibrational signature which is holographic in nature and if you can access one piece of the. Hologram you can access all of it does that make sense heavy.

But it's fun. But here's the best part if you can point to it you can change it what if you can't point to it. Then you don't have a problem think about it think about it how many people here have something that's bothering them that they don't feel yes. Sir can you ask me your point to somewhere have something to change couldn't think of me it's all right.

Watch his gestures cuz they'll the hands will always go where the is even though they're not conscious of it this is the other thing you need to understand is your hands beside your eyes. Take up more bandwidth and real estate in the brain than any other part of you if you ever look. At a homonculus which is a diagram that that shows the neurolog neurological layout of the hands to the brain hands are everywhere. So when people talk you'll see this now don't believe me go out look.

At watch humans in their natural environment and interact with them and watch what they do don't just pay attention to what they say watch what they do they'll say. I have this problem and. I can't seem to get past it. I don't know what it is.

I wish. I could find it it's right. In front of it it's right. There that's the hands will always go to the spatial location where the information is stored from there all you want to do is semantically.

Bridge it to the feeling state connected to it that's interesting. Then you ask him for a color and now you've got three cortexes of the brain active the more information you ask for the more the brain lights up like a. Christmas tree yes. So put something like um generalized anxiety you can't pinpoint exactly what's triggered a thought or look.

At her hands. I see yeah. I'm watching her hands. But you can feel it see the direction is moving yeah and.

So grab it and yeah take slowly spin it the opposite way notice what happens yeah how about that wow that's how literal your body is that's why you asked. Phyllis about her hands when she was visualizing where she was because that's the easiest to retrieve y. I didn't want to believe when. I touched my body.

I didn't want to believe that's what it was. But. I. Instinct.

I went there. I know and. I was think this can't be it. But that's where.

I went. I know it's perfect example unconscious talking to you yeah that's huge ladies and gentlemen. Milton ericon a very famous hypnotist said clients will be your clients because they're out of rapport with their unconscious mind this means they're not communicating because you don't understand the language can. I ask question you can ask anything you like thank you.

I have. I have a fear. I my question is about law of protection and. I have very bright.

Imagination and. I uh almost almost always or very often when. I drive a car. I imagine the um car accident with the all this uh um feelings sounds like crash.

Metal. Crash this uh bomb signals everything people screaming and this very bright. Picture in my head and very bright. Picture in your head very bright.

Picture in my head and. I. I'm afraid that uh this uh my imagination will attract this um situation in my real life because it's uh. I try to get rid of it.

I try to somehow to make it disappear. But it's very often it pops up it's just occasionally can pop up in my or another scary pictures about my child or something which scares me and it becomes very how big is her picture huge huge where is it real close pictures become become where's her picture it's right. In front of her how big is it. Sita it's this big yeah.

So if. I take this picture and. I move it back here how does that feel better okay. Can you actually do that yes.

Try to bring it back notice what happens instead it actually can be back strong or less strong less strong perfect reach up with both of your hands find the edges of it. So. I you just found it just right. There yeah trace the edges of with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is yeah you got it now is there any reason why you might want to keep this no. Reon it's just okay. Put a big black frame around it yeah good now feel along the edges notice that there's some knobs. One controls the brightness.

One controls the contrast. One controls the vertical hold find the brightness knob turn it all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely and notice how that makes you feel. Arena better turn it all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel which one do you like better not black okay.

Black it out completely now using the index finger of your dominant hand like a stylus on a tablet there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you. I want you to write those lessons across that screen drive. So you can keep the lesson. But let the rest go and just keep writing until all the feelings all the all the lessons that need to be kept are on that screen and just keep going when you know it's done just nod your head to let me know shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp even smaller float it up over the top of your head all the way back behind the.

Horizon now you know the sound a nail gun makes hear it nailed back there nailed back there for all eternity when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity try to bring it back and notice what happens instead wow done right. Thank you big round of applause for [Applause] her there's always a fear it's going to come back that's a different issue yeah. I think the key thing she said was that she she keeps trying to forget about it our brains don't work that's what that's exactly what your brain is trying to prevent yeah. So it's afraid if you forget it you're going to do this again yeah.

So it needs to know see it doesn't trust you either right. Because you're the that let it happen in the. First place right. So what's the what's the neurology trying to do it's saying look.

I'm going to keep reminding you about this until you convince me you've learned this and it's not going to happen again it down and the neurology doesn't and it doesn't usually come to stock with a process specifically for extracting lessons it's like a big soup everything's everything's integrated together right. And. So this particular process is why is extremely relevant to. Law of.

Attraction because more often than not there's a reason we're holding oursel back from the abundance and there's usually a safety issue involved there's usually a safety issue involved. So we need to extract that. So we can let the rest go because the only way the neurology knows to keep your attention is by generating a feeling right. So once you extract the information and youve put it in the place where it knows knows it's retrievable and it'll be there.

Then all just happy to let that other go it's an all or nothing scenario you either take all of it or you you extract that one piece. So. I will let the rest go does that make sense. So one of the things you might yes.

Pleas you make the scen white or black because it's it's opaque. I've had people turn it brown blue pink doesn't really matter. I do all kinds of really cool things with the color of that frame in in more advanced uh applications. But for right.

Now entry level stuff stuff that you can just zap stuff very episodically which is really what this is right. Single session stuff that's been just bothering you keeps coming back the magic frame is a really really good technique you can use the same process to put stuff out here that you want more of or you want to be magnetized towards right. We don't have time to go into that yeah when is that this one well think about something you want okay. Think about something you want notice where in your body you feel it now imagine that floating somewhere in the space around you is a picture that represents that experience or that feeling.

Reach. Out. And. Touch.

It trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is now anybody here ever drive you know how you have a windshield you can see through the windshield. I want you to imagine writing all the lessons why you deserve this thing and why it's going to happen and why it's good for you to have across that screen in glowing golden letters and. I want you to take it and make it as big as you can stand it like a panorama and put it out in front of you like a windshield.

So that no. Matter where you go or what you do you always see the world through that filter and notice what happens to the feelings in your body now you may notice that there's a connected to those feelings in your body you may want to put a big bright. Frame of that color around that that windshield maybe even tint it that color a little bit and just for fun reach out and grab that windshield and the frame lift it up over your head pull it down through your entire body over and over and over again and notice what happens notice any places of tightness or tension or resistance becoming less as you pass that frame through your body over and over and over again till it's impossible to be any other way when you know you've got it put that frame back out in front of you breathe those colors through your entire body and lock it in when you know you've got that try to turn it off and notice what happens instead you're [Applause] welcome can it really be that fast you tell me when the system works holistically and synergistically all the parts doing their job magic happens. But it's a magic that we can explain.

But does that make it any less magical no. Now for everybody who came out tonight especially all you new people. I have a free gift for for sitting through my long-winded dissertation on stuff um usually to walk in you guys know. I see clients and that's okay.

I also teach trainings things. I. I offer something for everybody at every level. But tonight is a free gift for everybody everybody who came out tonight who's interested and wants to.

I have a free gift you do normally to walk in into my room and work with me it's $175 an hour and that rate's going to go up real soon for everybody who came out tonight. I'd like to offer you all free gift besides the cool little notepad you handed back in everybody everybody came out tonight gets a free 30 minute consultation with me and. I don't take everybody as a client okay. I.

I'm very very particular about who. I take on during the consultation we'll discuss anything that you want to discuss if you have questions you just want to pick my brain go for it. Michelle will tell you right. If you have something you think.

I might be able to help you with we'll discuss your case we'll evaluate uh the fit between your methods and my or my methods and your your issues or your the things you want to discover if you're a fit we'll discuss strategies and tactics for helping you get those situations resolved in the shortest amount of time possible if. I can help you. I'll tell you if. I can't help you.

I'll tell you that too because it does me no. Good to waste your time and money or my time if there's not a fit no. One's going to high pressure you this is not what. I do okay.

But what. I will do is if. I can't help you if there if it's just not a fit for whatever reason. I will point you towards resources that.

I think might be helpful for you okay. That's my gift all you need to do is go out as you as you leave tonight go and circle your name put a little star behind it or. Next to it. So.

I know make sure your contact information is legible no. Don't write like me okay. Uh my staff will reach out to you we've only got like 10 or 15 slots okay. They fill up we have a waiting list now.

So you know don't wait you know that's my gift to you uh you guys are more than welcome to drink as much coffee and eat as much chocolate as humanly possible cuz. I don't want to take it home and. I do weight loss. But.

I actually have it down to a science. I know what flavor chocolate you will eat. First and. Second and.

Third you'll eat the dark chocolate. First. Then you'll eat the white chocolate and. Then you'll eat the white chocolate for me and the milk chocolate for me right.

So that being said um thank you all for coming hope you had a good time you had a good time post good things to the. Meetup if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's. Meetup like to thank. Troy for inviting his group out tonight and.

I hope we see you again thank you very much. God bless than you want.
