Title: LSIsx6X5L3E.txt
Video Id: LSIsx6X5L3E
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSIsx6X5L3E

Rolling rolling rolling keep those puppies rolling ra dad you would make a goodboy thank you sir that's all my dad does how many people here actually want to do this work with another human being you don't think you're going to be under pressure if. I can make the if. I can give you more pressure here than you're going to deal with out in the street in the field. I've done my job.

I've prepared you better than anybody else right. You're becoming the best hypnotist you can be you're not becoming a carbon copy of. David you're doing it your way that's what it's [Music] about there's one way there's an easy way to tell if you're doing it correctly did you get the change yes. Then you did it right.

That's it your client doesn't care what you do or how you do it the client doesn't care if wave a chicken over their head as long as they stop smoking. So do it fix it your way confidence is what the entire self-help move and actualization movement is forcing down the throats of every human being on the planet saying if you just have confidence you're going to be successful you just have confidence you're going to get out of debt you just have confidence you're going to quit smoking hor confidence is what comes up when you complete something. But necessity need to get it done no. Matter what.

Relentless determination is what you get what gets you success okay. Just get up and do it here's the thing you need to understand your self-image whenever you play a movie you automatically make things in your mind bigger or smaller than you relative to your level of self-esteem we look. At people on the big screen we see them. Larger than.

Life and. So we assume they're we we create that image of them not only are we suffusing our neurology with the driver. States we want we're amplifying our self-image you want to be charismatic you want to be influential move through the world being lger than life jumping out at you now isn't it we used it for orgasm out in. North.

Vegas. Last year that was actually the very. First induction they did was a spin induction for pleasure you just spun it ecstasy blam we're off and running. I've done it to her.

I've done it to a lot of people have. I done it to you. I should do it to [Music] you all right. Any more questions on spinning no.

Can you just you know walk into a hospital you're in a waiting room are you even no. Play this game no. Nine all of your nerves all the brain all the nerves not a clue. Excuse me while.

I whip this out ah ladies and gentlemen getting ready for some serious we. But again that's that's the ballsiest induction on the planet cuz you're literally just saying ballsiest. P yeah yeah big ones big. Rass ones you ladies you're going to be well endowed by the time you leave this weekend all right.

Life's going to be different when you get home to. Hubby yeah you ever watch uh you ever watch those little. Bugs. Bunny cartoons and uh the the the doist gets clobbered with a you know a club or something and he gets up and he goes which way did he go way did he go right.

And bugs goes he went that way than a lot your than a lot right. All right. Don't nobody worry about me. But.

I. I disagree with with that you could walk up to somebody on the street and you could do that. I mean there's no. Doubt you could put somebody out like that.

I know you're up. I can put somebody out like [Music] this. Eyes. Open.

Wide. Awake it's not about compliance it's not. I mean in the way that. I think a person might think mhm go ahead tell it it happens it happens what happens.

I well it's not you you like what he was saying that if if [Music]. Back. Eyes. Open.

Wide. Awake play that 70 music right.
