Title: How To Manifest Anything You Want - FREE Hidden Laws of Attraction Training -  Today 4:00 PM Pacific
File Name: lsTgZIs-VOo.txt
Video Id: lsTgZIs-VOo
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsTgZIs-VOo

Manifesting. Health success wealth and happiness. I'll be your guide over the. Next two or three hours through the amazing and fascinating world in the.

Art and. Science of manifestation for those of you joining us through our. YouTube channel. I beg your.

Indulgence because there is a delay between when uh. I take thing. I speak things through the feed and when the uh the sound actually reached you the video feed actually reached you. I do see your your questions in real time through our chat interface the same is uh same is true with you guys here in in our wonderful jet webinar land.

So. I want to thank the the folks at jet webinar for giving us a platform in which to uh to work um. I see the questions already rolling in and that's awesome. But what.

I do need to know and. I need before we get into the content for today we need to go over exactly um who. I'm talking to and what it is you want to get out of today's webinar. So.

First and foremost if you are brand new to. Planet. David please type your name or you're checking in from in the chat room that's the. First set of questions uh if you're not a veteran or if you are a veteran of.

Planet. David um. Then by all means how long you've been in. Planet.

David and uh what do you want to know about right. Now the reason. I kind of separate the. First timers from the new people is because uh is sorry.

I just had a message from my tech support people um the reason. I asked this question is because a lot of times as you go through our content one of the things that happens you always have questions and if you've watched any of my content on. YouTube you know. I love questions right.

Probably more than any other thing my firm belief is that the better the question the better the trade and my job here is to give you hardcore solid actionable things you can take out into the world and use right. Away the challenge with that is if. I try to answer everybody's questions. I'll get nothing.

I have planned tonight done. So as part of our pre-game warm-up let me just give you some basic guidelines and and some things to expect as a byproduct of your uh journey through our our class tonight. First and foremost if you have questions we love questions we find there's three ways you can get your questions answered. First and foremost what you need to do is you can type your question here in the chats and that's both for our jet webinar folks as well as our folks who are joining us through our.

YouTube channel now if the question that you're asking. First if. I see it right. And it's relevant to the point in the webinar where we are at.

I'll answer it. I don't have a problem with that. However if. I feel that the content of your question is going to take us in a direction that is really not the focus of tonight's webinar.

I will defer answering that question until it's either more relevant in the webinar or another time in in the future now let's talk about that time in the future at the end of this webinar there will be a replay okay. Now depending on whether you're joining us through jet or you're joining us through. YouTube the time between when that we end the webinar and it goes live on our. YouTube channel or on our website is going to be different okay.

YouTube will throw up a a quick. Copy within a few hours of this webinar ending. So here's what you do if you really want your questions answered here's how you do it all you got to do is go to our. YouTube channel find the live video section where this.

Con this replay will be reposted type your question into the comment section below this video and. I make it a practice every every time we launch new content to go through that those contents and comment sections four or five times a day every day and. I answer the questions where people ask and. I point you in the direction of where to go the final way you can get your question answered is if you're persistent enough if any of my veterans out there from planet.

David people who've actually been using our. Tech to go out and make changes in themselves and in other people if you have direct experience with the question that our new people are asking. I ask you to do me a favor and message them and tell them your experience with the technology okay. My job during the course of this webinar is to give you a set of experiences that not only pull the scales from your eyes.

Literally and metaphorically. But give you solid hardcore actionable content. But it is a webinar. So there is an offer connected uh to this screen and.

So you expect things that. I say to have an agenda you expect me to say hey my stuff's the greatest thing since sliced bread well don't trust what. I say trust what the people in the chat said because they're the ones who've actually taken this stuff out into the real world and actually used it okay. So that being said nothing in this webinar requires you to believe it'll happen that's what's kind of the weird thing is if you think about the law of attraction which is what this class is about everybody says you got to believe you got to believe you got to believe well maybe not as much as you were led to believe right.

So we've taken a long time in. Planet. David to distill the principles and the techniques that we're going to be sharing with you down to a core set of mechanics and as long as you can adopt a playful explorational energetic attitude belief is often not quite as necessary as you might think okay. So that being said let's go over where you're going tonight and what we're going to be doing.

First and foremost this webinar is has three components or three phases to it phase one is where we give you. Foundation skills and core experiences. So what that means is. I am going to guide you through a set of principles that you and foundations that you absolutely have to have.

I'm going to give you a set of drills that when you do them and you participate them you will go through an experience you will have an internal transformation that will change you okay. You don't have to believe in any of it you just have to adopt a fun playful easy going attitude and you'll be amazed at how rapidly some of these things will work. I will teach you as much as. I can if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the.

Law of. Attraction we have time for just about this. So. I'll take you as deep down this.

Rabbit. Hole in phase one. I'll point you in the direction of where to go to take your skills to the. Next level in phase two that usually takes about 20 25 minutes or.

So it's the offer connected to this program at the end of phase two. I'm going to circle back to the stuff we lit the foundations and the groundwork that we laid down in phase one and. I'm going to continue to teach. I'm going to customize the content of tonight's training for exactly the applications you as a group want to learn about.

Okay. So that being said let me go to my chats really quick and check in with you guys um all right. So is that does that sound like a good plan is it does it sound like like a place we're gonna can. I take you as far as.

I can in the time that we have and point you in the direction of where to go to level up is that a fair is that a fair trade for your attendance tonight type it in the chat for me this is a by the way. I will tell you right. Up front this is a participation intensive training if you want to get the most out of it when it's time to do drills get up and do them when it's safe to do them okay. All right.

Let me see. I see. Terence in there. Craig's there fair trade um fairtrade dot awesome man those names went by quick all right.

So that being said let's get let's get down to core. Basics tonight's class is all about the hidden. Laws of. Attraction the things that they may not have shown you in other courses on on attraction training how to use your mind and body to reprogram your subconscious mind to be an attraction and manifestation machine we're going to show you how to systematically remove the blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions uh how to program your mind for unlimited success wealth health and happiness and that's just the beginning.

But sometimes people ask me or especially if you're brand new to. Planet. David uh let me go to this really quickly and um did. I even want to make sure.

I got the right. Screen on here who was. Dr. David.

Snyder and why should. I care. First and foremost hold on a. Second.

I actually am a doctor of. Chinese acupuncture in. Oriental medicine uh. I've.

I got my license to practice acupuncture in 2005. along with a master's degree and uh. Then. I went on to get my doctorate in. Chinese acupuncture or medicine from.

Pacific. College of. Oriental medicine. I've had a clinic in.

Solana. Beach. Florida for uh since 2005 where my focus has been treating physiological illness that is the result of repressed emotion. So while many neuro-linguistic programmers and acupuncturists are dealing with weight loss smoke cessation um.

I've been dealing with heavy duty stuff people ask me in my uh in my. YouTube chat what was the most emotionally satisfying experience that. I ever did and that was when. I.

I treated a lady who was diagnosed as terminal and. I put her. I helped put her her cancer into remission that to me has been one of the most profound one of the many profound experiences. I've had.

But one of the things that. I want you guys to understand is that these these these 15 years of clinical experience has given me a profound insight into the. Art and. Science of manifestation why is that it's because human beings manifest their own illnesses that's the one thing.

I've learned from 15 years of kind of peeking under the hood human beings actually manifest their own illnesses they can also manifest their own cures okay. And if you can manifest an illness you can manifest other things as well that are. Beyond just the scope of your physical body that being said. I'm also one of the world's leading authorities by popular vote in the field of neuro linguistic programming.

I've authored over 15 different courses on various forms of human influence everything ranging from healing and hypnotherapy to persuasion and influence dating and attraction vibrational influence skills energy training remote influence uh if you go to our if you went to our website and looked at the store you would see literally 50 some products that we've actually created in various editions and versions all dealing with some form of human influence which is really what you're here to learn about you're here to take the randomness out of your life and that has been something that we have been focusing on uh for helping people get the life they want the way they want it practically from the time. I started teaching. But it's all about. Hands-On and having experiences.

So uh what you're seeing here is a letter from globalgurus.org saying. David it is great with the pleasure to announce that your program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for. NLP for 2022. and you can see that listed here by the way. I'm number two in the world again as far as trainers go.

I've been there for like six years now. So thank you for your votes and your support you see here that um our killer influence course is the number one. NLP training program in the world very proud of that and. I thank you all for helping us to be uh the top of the pyramid.

So to speak and we're going to use a lot of the skills from killer influence combined with some of the most powerful understandings of the law of attraction to help you actually manifest the life you want the way that you want in the shortest amount of time possible. I also have a rather um long and intense career in the martial arts you see here. I have a 10th degree black belt in art called rookie. Kempo.

Karate which is an art that specializes in dealing with the energetics and the acupuncture points and meridians of the. Body for self-defense as well as other things. I have a fourth three black belt in. Shaolin couldn't tell a secondary black belt in kosho.

Kempo wrote a. First degree black belt in fonkuru. Jiu. Jitsu as well as a certified instructor and combat.

Systema. Cinco monoscrima modern. Arnis and. I have.

So many energy healing credentials in fact. I've been a. Reiki master let me just let me go ahead and switch back to this for you guys you know. I've been a.

I've been a. Reiki master since before. Reiki was cool right. I've been studying uh.

Kabbalah almost that long before. Madonna even heard of. Kabbalah. So.

I'm very much a prima donna right. I'm an advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist. Advanced. DNA.

Theta healer. I'm certified in the. Bankston energy healing system which to me was one of the most powerful healing systems. I've ever discovered and led me to what.

I call the most powerful engine of transformation in the history of mankind it's amazing when you learn it. I mean. I've studied many different forms of. Qigong in fact.

I'm working now on my doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine uh through the bienwagong. Institute which is run by. Dr.

Jerry. Allen. Johnson. So give me a few years and.

I'll have another a doctorate behind my name and. I'm getting. So much corroboration and confirmation on the skills and principles that. I've been teaching uh for.

So long. So there's a lot going on in. Planet. David the learning and the the training and the developments are constantly happening and we're always looking for new faster better ways a for me to get what.

I want and. Then. I pass those things on to you once they've proven their muster. So people might often ask me okay.

David. So either you have you are the world's biggest overachiever a. First class liar or you're trying to compensate for something which is it and what the hell does this have to do uh with the law of attraction well. I'm glad you asked because what does it have to do with the law of attraction pretty much everything right.

Um these all these things have several things in common vibrational. State control and pattern recognition one of the most powerful important things that we need to understand is that everything in this universe both within a human being the microcosm as the old old texts call it and the macrocosm is holographic in nature what does that really mean for us holographic and fractal actually what it means is that the same patterns and structures at a vibrational level are mirrored at the thought level. The. Voice level the biomechanical level okay.

And if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can rapidly begin to perceive these patterns and tap into the power of these patterns to make changes at any level of. Your. Mind.

Body. Soul. Spirit from the from the interworld the intro world of your microcosm to the outer world of your macrocosm it's all manifestation and transformation once you can see those patterns. So what does it have to do with.

State control and pattern recognition pretty much everything okay. So this is something you're going to really really want to pay attention to as we delve deeper and deeper into these. Pro this programs let me just make sure that. I'm actually um okay.

So the question becomes is this the right. Place for you is this the right. Place for you to spend the. Next two or three hours.

I have to warn you that our webinars are not short um if you are logging into a webinar thinking you know you were going to be done in an hour 90 minutes where you get teased for a little while and. Then the guy goes buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff and you don't get any real solid content you're either going to be really excited or a little disappointed our webinars are very content heavy they're focused on giving you the exact skills you need and the experiences you need to actually start creating change right. Away okay. You will need things to write with and to write on.

I know a lot of you like to use your um you like to use your your keyboard and your notepads. I'm going to recommend that if you want to get the biggest neurological bang for your buck from tonight's training that you actually physically write these things down. I may drop little hints and tips. Later in the webinar where you can use your handwriting to change your neurology it's really powerful stuff okay.

Um. So here's the thing. I've learned in my life and and through many years of studying attraction and training there are no. Accidents if you found your way to this webinar it's because at some level you are ready for the content of this webinar you were meant to be here.

So if you're ready to take the randomness out of your life and out of your manifestation type that's for that that's me in the chat okay. Go ahead and do that now. I'm going to go ahead and open my chat. So.

I can see everybody okay. If you're ready to remove the blocks your success get over limiting beliefs to be to attract more love health wealth success and happiness into your life to attract more opportunities without actually adding more um workload or stress to your everyday workload go ahead and type that in the chat if you're ready to take your life to the. Next level and become the very best version of yourself type that's for me in the chat and for those of you who um are still not sure if you can answer yes. To any of these questions.

Then you are in the right. Place would you like to be super attractive to the opposite sex and make them find you charming fascinating and irresistible if that's something you'd like more of type yes. In the chat if you'd like to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate confidence and assertiveness to be truly. Alpha go ahead and type that in the chat if you'd like to make more money or attract more money book.

More clients for your business get that promotion you know you deserve protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people maybe you want to type yes. In that chat right. Now right. If you'd like to program yourself to create massive abundance whether that's.

Financial spiritual physical by whatever definition you define it go ahead and type yes. In that chat because all that is is true for you right. Now if you'd like to cause anyone you like and me to admire you and even uh love you this might be something you want to spend a little bit more attention to right. If you'd like to inspire your employees your children your spouse you can do that if you want to attract and surround yourself with a higher quality of friends people that you can actually trust and connect connect and communicate with this is probably a good place for you if you've ever wondered this is kind of a little star wars-ish.

But if you've ever wondered if you could actually put someone under a spell. I know some people in my. YouTube channel were actually um asking me um the definition of a curse if you want to know about how to actually. Influence.

People in a way that is kind of like. Jedi. Mind. Tricks or spells there are if you really pay attention.

I mean like really pay attention there are clues in this training that will allow you to begin the process of doing that and it starts with one of the very. First things that. I began um the webinar with which is vibrational. State.

Control okay. One of the things we need to understand and this is really important is that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. Now we're gonna we're gonna crack that nut much more in depth as we go through tonight's webinar. But that's the.

First piece that. I want you to write down everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. Are you with me. So far have you written that down type yes.

In the chat let me go back to participants okay. Okay. Cool all right. So here's what we're gonna do this is again the plan for tonight let me go back to sharing my screen.

So you guys can see this it takes me a little longer to change jet webinars. So you're just gonna have to bear with me on this one folks uh there we go okay. If you stay till the end of tonight's webinar here's my personal promise to you. I will teach you the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind and magnetize yourself for unlimited success health wealth and happiness using the real.

Laws of. Attraction not the the direct that you see in a lot of these these courses okay. I'm going to show you how to remove blocks to your manifestation success uh let me go to gallery or can. I do this yeah okay.

Good. I'm going to show you how to get rid of negative emotions like fear pain and limiting beliefs that you may not have even realized that you had that's a big one you should probably write that down uh right. Next to everything human beings do is in response to a feeling. I'm going to tie all these these little pieces together for you in in over the.

Next few minutes if you like the exact steps necessary to go from interesting information to maximum manifestation in minimum time you're going to want to stay till the end of the webinar now let me tell you how. I'm going to do that let me go back to sharing screen again and now we're going to go to my. OneNote. I'm actually hopping back and forth between uh multiple windows.

So it takes me a little bit longer to kind of get these things lined up uh share screen window okay. So here's what here's my plan if you like it cool if not you might want to click away now um all right. So here we go we're going to talk about why the. Law of.

Attraction may not be working for you okay. We're going to talk about in brief the two most important factors to success and when. I talk about success that's also success in manifesting the things that you want we're going to talk about the three ingredients to achievement these are things that. I learned a very long time ago.

I found them to be true and whether you're here in turn for the process of manifesting it's uh it's it's doubly true in the field of success in cell and performance enhancement we're going to talk about the rules of the. Mind the ones they didn't tell you about we're going to talk about something. I've come to call body centered energy psychology now um some of the people in. YouTube were taught were asking about can you spin can you energetic can you do energy spinning on something like.

ADHD and. I said. I don't know. I've never tried it right.

Uh give it a shot and let us know what happens. But. I recommended that they get training in what we call the somatic search engine concept the somatic search engine concept is part of the body centered energy psychology training we're going to show you very fast rapid and. Powerful ways to reprogram your subconscious mind and we're going to teach you how to program your future and clear your past ultimately everything in this webinar throughout the full three hours is designed to teach you how to take control and how to get the life that you want the way that you want it if that sounds like a good plan please type in the chat that you're ready to go and that you're willing to follow will install instructions yes.

So. I'm going to jump out of screen share for now and let me get out of this really quick hold on a. Second. I got to move.

Windows around all right. Cool all right. So let's talk about the. First thing.

I want to talk about at the beginning of today's webinar. I mentioned that everything human beings do is in response to the feet to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. So how many of you by uh typing in the chat that's me would like to be up to 30 or 31 percent better at everything go ahead and type that in the chat. I know that sounds like a no-brainer right.

But you'd be amazed sometimes how many times people say you know they go to answer that and all of a sudden they have that little icky. Naggy feeling in their mind or body it's like maybe. I don't want that right. So go ahead and type that in the chat for me cool all right.

Uh let's talk about that whole idea right. So let's talk about. State. Control when we talk about.

State control the important thing to remember is that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling the posture and breathing because uh components of your. So in other words my physiology controls my psychology okay. If. I assume a certain type of posture and a certain breathing pattern my neurology will start to access certain emotional states how many of you by a show of hands or or that's me in the chat have heard of something called.

Power poses by a lady named. Amy. Cuddy if you haven't um after you've upgraded to your program in this webinar go check out her video her. Ted.

Talk called. Power poses if you haven't um done. So already one of the reasons that. I recommend that is we've been teaching the the power of posture and breathing to transform yourself your mind body.

States for for almost 20 some years now the pro. But. But. Amy actually did um the actual science on it.

So the fastest way to completely control your states in the most bulletproof way humanly possible is through posture and breathing. So what does that have to do with becoming up to 31 better at everything the secret to accessing your. Neurology in a way that gives you more resources is to be playful easy going explorational playful and curious are the two most powerful emotional states that you can be in that gives you access to the maximum amount of your cognitive resources all right. So what we're going to do right.

Now is we're going to go through a couple of drills together that teach you how to get into that fun playful state would that be useful okay. You guys ready okay. So here's the deal before we get into this this is going to involve you actually standing a certain way breathing a certain way and using your mind in a certain way you have to integrate all of these things if you are driving or operating. Machinery or doing anything that requires your complete and undivided attention do not do the following set of exercises you follow me do not do them if you want to have the experience.

Then what you need to do is you need to pull over to the side of the road or into a parking lot put the car in park turn on the emergency brake turn off the car maybe put on your four-way. So you don't uh you don't cause an accident and. Then do these drills okay. So if you are doing this and you are engaged in anything that requires your full and undivided attention you're doing this at your own risk.

However when you take the time to do this exercise when it's appropriate for you to do this you will be on the fast track to controlling your manifestation abilities we're going to go through a bunch of drills that are going to give us a better understanding of how our autonomic nervous system our subconscious mind our conscious mind and our other than conscious mind can be integrated to get the maximum amount of transformation in the shortest amount of time possible you don't need to know why it works you just need to do it best part is you don't even need to believe it as long as you can adopt a fun playful uh. Curious explorational attitude these things will work for you now how do. I know that because their science that backs it up science that was conducted in some of the most rigorous environments you can imagine specifically hostage negotiation. FBI.

Behavioral analysis discovered that when the hostage negotiator entered into a negotiation with a hostage taker the bad guy who was in a decidedly evil mood and he approached he or she approached that interaction with a uh a more relaxed easy going fun and playful energy he was up to 31 percent more perceptive 31 more aware 31 more uh creative in in a built in their abilities to solve problems among other things the other aspect of that was that his counterpart the hostage negotiator hostage taker rather the hostage taker was up to 31 percent wait for it more compliance is there anybody on the webinar who does who would like anybody they interact with to be 31 percent more likely to do what you wanted them to do would that be a useful superpower to have right. Here's all you got to do move through the world embodying a fun playful curious explorational energy and everyone you interact with will be up to 31 percent more compliant now those of you who are here to learn about attraction applications not. Law of. Attraction applications.

But attraction dating applications when you move through the world with a fun playful curious energy it lowers the defenses of the people you approach and talk to it makes them far more likely to actually want to spend time with you and get to know you. So there's no. Downside to this the one thing that the one thing. I'm going to caution you against is becoming too serious about any of this seriousness is the kiss of death seriously the more serious you are the more you cut yourself off from resources you stress the body out and you and you start blocking things in your mind and body are we are we cool with that are we clear for those of you who are martial artists you want to be better at sparring be playful right.

Um hold on a. Second all right. So uh let me see what we're at. So we got 102 people in the chat plus whoever's on our.

YouTube okay. So if you're ready let's do this all right. Now. I'm not going to ask you to type in the chat while we're doing certain exercises okay.

We're gonna do a bunch of exercises before we hit part two of the webinar these are all going to lay foundations for you things that you're going to be able to um build upon in part three okay. And if you if you if you take our offer in part two. Then you're gonna go through the freaking roof with this stuff. So.

First and foremost. I want you to close your eyes. And remember a time in your life when you were feeling great you were feeling fun playful curious ex like you were just interested in discovering what there was to discover and a fun playful exploration away you weren't married to the outcome you just wanted to see what would happen or what something was about. I want you to remember that time in your mind go flow back on the wings of time to that experience remember in that moment what were you seeing what were you hearing what were you smelling and what were you tasting because when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of fun playful curious exploration now as you remember that feeling.

I want you to notice there's a place in your body were those amazing feelings start where they grow or they spread from take a moment just point to where you feel it and now close your eyes. And look. At that spot with your inner eyes. Uh looks like some people had some problems on our.

YouTube channel. I'm not sure what's going on there stay with us and it'll come back okay. Um notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's that color to you. First impression now imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow it begins to expand it begins to fill your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of exploration fun curiosity easy goingness playfulness a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all seriousness all downers real or imagined well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants and everything it most needs with an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that breed those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it and. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and as you breathe that energy through your being notice how your posture begins to shift and change into a more playful fun-loving physiology let your body just assume that energy that physical posture and breathing pattern that goes along with those amazingly cool feelings and realize that anytime you want to anytime you need to if you want to embody this fun playful easy going. State all you have to do is stand this way all you have to do is breathe those colors through your body wrap it around you over and over again and this feeling will come flooding back to you now. I want to show you something about your nervous system.

So that you can tap into the magic anytime you want as you remember when we see what we see and we hear what we hear we smell and we taste what we smell and we taste there is an amazing powerful transformational feeling of playfulness and curiosity and remember that there was a place in your body where those feelings started where they grew and where they spread from. Point once again to where you feel it now if there was a picture floating in the space around you picture that you could reach out and touch take your other hand. Reach. Out.

And. Touch that picture when you find it. First impression trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is when you know you've got that grab it with both of your hands and just to make sure we've got the right.

One make that picture bigger expand it to fill the entire room like you would expand the window on your on your touch screen or your iPhone or your your cell phone notice what happens to the feelings in your body do they get stronger or do they get weaker whichever whatever you do whatever you notice is perfectly okay. This is the learning phase take that enter take that picture now shrink it back down to its original size now keep the size of the picture exactly the same and as you do that now slowly pull it closer to your body make sure to keep the size of the picture exactly the same and notice does that feeling get stronger or does it get weaker whichever one you do is perfectly okay. This is the learning and exploration phase now take this picture lift it up over your head imagine now you could pull it down around you like a big blanket and notice what happens to the feeling now does it get stronger or does it get weaker you can you can answer. Later just have the experience right.

Now when you know you've got that. I want you to unwrap it lift it up over your head and now y'all. I'm sure you all know what a frisbee is. I want you to imagine now that this picture that you're holding is now shaped like a frisbee and.

I want you to take that frisbee that you're holding and. I want you to throw it all the way behind you until it disappears all the way behind you when it disappears behind you scan your body notice what happens to the feelings in your body when that picture disappears when you've made that. Discovery you've calibrated that now imagine lift your you could lift your hands above your above your head once again imagine your hands are now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets. I want you to suck that frisbee right.

Back into your hands and. I want you to hold it up there above your head and as you hold it above your head. I'm going to teach you an important concept for unleashing the magic inside of you inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your reality you are the king or queen of your universe and you have absolutely every right. Privilege permission and authority to make any change you want for any reason that you want and.

I want you to play with that new power of yours right. Now. I want you to take this picture that you're holding and. I want you to move it around.

I want you to move it down move it up move it side to side move it in your body move it out of your body play with the size of it notice how each and every time you change the size shape or location of this picture the feelings and the intensity and the quality of the feelings in your body change too and. I want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it and when you find that sweet spot. I want you to fix it into place fix it into place and notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as the energy from that picture flows into your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream and from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very. DNA of those cells reprogramming transforming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful.

Perpetual pleasure. Factory each cell of your body generating more and more fun excitement curiosity exploration in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's locked in and possible to go back test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead take all the time you need the. Next couple moments to let that change lock in and when you got it and you know it's locked in type locked in the chat. Thomas says can. I eat it if you really want to.

Thomas says it worked can't focus. Gary says locked in. Leanne says trying locked in. Chris says excellent.

Greg says locked in. Andy yep good good good now. I'm curious about something real quick again we have a lot to cover in tonight's webinar in this one set of drills. I just gave you some of the most powerful master keys to reprogramming and manifesting anything you want okay.

We'll get into the nuts and bolts a little bit. Later. But this was something we that needed to happen. First you needed without any pre-programming without any pre-suggestion an experience of the magic and the power of your own neurology once you understand the full scope of what you just did you'll be able to remove any limiting belief uh manifest anything you want change any fear phobia or even pain physical or emotional pain that you're experiencing it's all in this one set of drills that we just did.

But we're laying the foundation the foundation is fun playful curious if we have that we got the kingdom now let me. Circle back happiness brings attraction in the universe which gives generously okay. That's one way of looking at it and again that's not how. I would word it.

But those things are not wrong. So here's the thing. I want you to understand at the beginning of this webinar okay. At the beginning of this webinar.

I said something that is the foundation of everything else. I said everything human beings do is in response to a feeling a feeling they either want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of do you guys remember when. I said that yes. Or yes.

Okay. Now there is a part of your neurology known as the reticular activating system in other videos earlier on my. YouTube channel you may have heard me talk about something called the emotional refractory period is and if you do any of you remember me talking about that okay. For those of you who may not be familiar with that term the emotional refractory period was a term coined by the the great.

Dr. Paul. Ekman to describe the effect of the reticular activating system. So what it basically does is it it is a perceptual filter in other words it decides based on your physical body feelings your emotional body feelings what information to pay attention to at any given moment.

So for example if. I enter a room in a good mood and there are 10 data points in that room that. I can pay attention to okay. Just 10 pieces of of information that.

I can pay attention to two of them are negative eight of them are positive if. I enter that room in a negative. State guess which data points my neurology focuses on. First type it in the chat two negative ones negative negative yes.

Now. I'm going to give you a little sidebar here your neurology has a negativity bias okay. That ratio is four to one okay. We'll talk more about that.

Later. But yes. You were all right. If.

I go into that room in a negative state eight of those data points eight of those data points are positive two are negative. But because of my state my nervous system gives priority priority to the negative data points okay. If. I go into that room in a positive state what happens it's probably intuitive right.

I focus on the positive things now how does this relate to the law of attraction how many people here would like to be more. Lucky in their life yes. Or yes. Okay.

I did a product uh course many many years ago called. Get. Lucky for. Life okay.

One of the things that researchers wanted to know is if this. Luck was real in other words are there in fact people who have a higher than average number of serendipitous events in their positive serendipitous events in their life and if that was true were there certain psycho-emotional behavioral characteristics that facilitate this in other words they were trying to separate the woo from the do in other words what are these people doing that actually causes them. I like that separate the woo from the. Dew yeah that actually causes them to be lucky and.

So they set up a series of experiments and they did a double-blind laboratory controlled study they took. Three groups they had a control group people who were just average they had another group of people who considered themselves to be extra lucky luckier than average they literally identified as lucky people and. Then they took. People who identified as unlucky this this original uh research was done in the.

UK. So what one of the. First things that they did was they rented a restaurant for the weekend and they hired actors to go in and play the patrons and they took. A 20 pound note and they put it on the floor in the uh in the restaurant and.

Then they sent each of these groups in one at a time and as you can probably guess the average people they found the 20 pound note within a certain amount of time about 50 percent of the time like half the time they didn't see it half the time they did pretty much a hundred percent of the people who went in of the lucky people who went into that restaurant instantly zeroed in on the on the on the 20 pound note picked it up and we're 20 pounds richer as far as we can tell the. Unlucky people are still trying to find the restaurant okay. There are set of perceptual filters that people who identify as being lucky turn on okay. There are other behavioral and perceptual filters in place why is this important because part of the the neurology that controls those perceptual filters is your reticular activating system which changes your perceptual filters in other words what you pay attention to based on the body feelings that you have.

So if your feelings are positive you're going to be luckier than if your feelings are not okay. You guys get the connection does this all make sense to you why we did this type in the chat please. So. I know you're with me okay.

Now here's a. Marv here's another energetic reason why this is important. First of all we all know that the. Law of.

Attraction tells us that higher vibrational. States control and break up lower vibrational. States. So let me ask you a question which state has a higher vibration.

Joy or sadness which has a higher vibrational state curiosity or boredom or seriousness curiosity of course right. See where this is going what has a higher vibration um that's gratitude or. Envy exactly the more you can embody these states the more rapidly your entire neurology and the. Consciousness that arises from it will change now all spiritualism all spirituality aside we talk about on a functional level what is our con what is consciousness what does that actually mean on a functional level now again.

I'm training with uh some amazing people in in advanced spiritual practices. Mystery. Schools things of that nature we could talk about spirituality all day long. But that doesn't help most of you unfortunately.

So when we talk about changing our consciousness okay. Do we talk about changing our consciousness what does that actually mean it means what are the things on a functional level please understand this is a functional practical understanding of consciousness it's what we're paying attention to and the meanings that we assign to what we're paying attention to. So in other words when we start to look. At consciousness we're looking at the data that we're receiving and.

Then how and the meanings that we attach to those things right. Does that does that make sense if you're if you're with me. So far type. I'm with you in the chat okay.

So if we want to raise our. Consciousness if we want to change the things we attract we have to raise our vibration now that means a lot of different things on a lot to a lot of different people one of the most traumatic classes. I ever took. Was a class on manifestation okay.

I literally was fetal on the floor for two straight days why is that because. I had to get rid of. I there were things that. I had.

I had stuffed down that. I had acquired that were locking me down were keeping me from manifesting the things. I want and in order to become the person who could have those things. I had to let go of stuff that needed to go does that make sense it's not and by the way this is something most of you wouldn't know.

But when. I'm when. I'm teaching a manifestation class like this this. Law of.

Attraction class that we're in right. Now and. I asked people what they want to focus on manifesting new stuff or getting rid of guess what they choose the answer may surprise you guess what they choose getting rid of. Gary you're cheating getting rid of that's right.

Why because there's a part of you that knows the things you want aren't going to happen until you become the person for whom that thing can happen too okay. So part of part of any form of manifestation training is about clearing out the crap right. Okay. So what are some reasons why the.

Law of. Attraction doesn't work most of them go to a lower vibration and your perceptual filters what you're focusing on what you believe you deserve. Okay. So um.

Let me let me go through a really um oh let me close the loop on this feeling thing we talk about being of a higher vibration right. So the big picture is the sum total of your body feelings the sum total of your body feelings is equivalent to the energetic signature that you're sending out to the universe. So the universe will pull things into your life that are in harmony with your dominant vibrational signature does that make sense. So the more we can raise your total the aggregate of your body feelings and your perceptual filters the more rapidly you're going to manifest stuff okay.

So on a functional level the vibrations you're sending out into the universe are analogous to your body feelings they will create the direction of your thoughts they will modulate the perceptions of the world around you what you think you can have and what you believe you deserve everything will be distilled down to a body feeling the fastest thing the fastest thing we can do right. Away to amplify and accelerate manifestation is change our body feelings. I gave you that with these sets of drills does that make sense okay. Let's talk about some of the reason other reasons why the.

Law of. Attraction may not work okay. I'm going to go through this list really really quickly if any of this applies to you um just make a note of it. So we can we can.

Circle back in part three and and start to deal with some of this stuff hold on a. Second let me go to um if you said it it makes sense thank you. Jeffrey um let's see here. I know.

I'm going a little fast. But. I have. So much.

I want to teach you guys and. I want to keep to the timetable. I set. So it gives me roughly about 20 minutes before.

I have to go to part two and. I don't want to do that until we've gotten a couple more exercises in um. So please bear with me um what's your screen window and here we go okay. So that that's one script screen shared another screen shared and let's jump in all right.

So why the. Law of. Attraction sometimes doesn't work okay. You will attract let me let me go to gallery view for you guys okay.

You will attract into your life the situations and circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts therein lies one of the problems guys you see most of the attraction of thought. Law of. Attraction authorities didn't really elaborate for you what your dominant thoughts actually are. So let me ask you a question really really quick you may have noticed this during the.

First set of drills that we did when you were playing when you were being fun playful explorational did anybody notice that as they were playing with those feelings like in the foreground there was this big fun playful energy. But in the background almost like a little tiny tap on the shoulder you had this little icky niggling little crappy feeling like something crappy wanted to come out anybody noticed that type in the chat if you notice that okay. Congratulations you've just become a hundred percent more self-aware and able to manifest what you want let me explain that you see we think that what we consciously think about is our dominant thoughts the thought that we're holding in our conscious mind at any given moment is the actual dominant thoughts that's actually incorrect if you've ever tried to focus your conscious mind on anything for any length of time you'll notice that you get distracted really freaking quick right. But have you ever noticed that every time you try to do something positive or think something positive these nagging feelings automatically always come up true not true not true okay.

Why is that it's because as we move through the world and we encounter traumatic events things that program us in a negative way that curse us for lack of a better word each moment we have one of those boundary violations your neurology reaches up grabs a hold of that experience locks it in a little time bubble and stores it in your body like a file on a hard drive now what most people don't realize is that the moment your neurology reaches up and vibrationally grabs those memories it's like a little mini. Universe on automatic pilot and it's on an endless loop and anytime you get near something that is similar to that event it it it it's like it references it and it brings it up to the surface for you to deal with um a lot of you won't know this reference. But in in. Chinese medicine we talk about things like um [Music] um excess hot heat and excess cold right.

And one of the one of the things about and even deficient cold and deficient heat one of the one of the. Hallmarks of somebody who has an excess heat condition or a deficient or an excess cold condition is that if they get anywhere near something that's hot or something that's cold they feel an instant pain they feel an instant discomfort in the area where that cold is lodged this is a phenomena that also happens anytime you get near a situation circumstance or event that is any has anything to do with one of those little bubbles those little files that you've locked down in your mind and body okay. And every time you get near it your neurology wants to warn you about it. But also it wants to give you the opportunity to clear it up unfortunately most of us don't understand that.

Dynamic and. So what do we do we stuff it back down how many of you fun factoid how many even ever driving down the road in your in your in your car having a you know it's a beautiful sunny day maybe your favorite song is playing on the radio right. And all of a sudden a shitty memory from when you were seven pops up out of nowhere or when you were 20 pops out of nowhere right. What the hell is going on with that right.

It's because your unconscious mind is down there he's watching you and he's saying you're thinking to himself huh he's not doing anything right. Now maybe we can. Finally handle this and up comes this shitty memory and what do you do do you go pulling off to the side of the road putting the car and park and go immediately into it. So you can clear it up and remove it no.

You do it 99 of us do. So that's a shitty memory. I'm gonna deal with that. Later well guess what you just did that energy was trying to come up.

So you could process it you took. Another heap of energy lapped it on top and stuffed it back. Then eventually that energy builds up to create a stronger and stronger and stronger vibrational signature that can can actually create bad uh bad. Health it can manifest as a tumor a lesion uh chronic constipation any form of chronic illness that you can name you can track it back to an emotional cause that's been stuffed okay.

I was dealing this for 15 years in my private practice and now that. I'm doing the. Chinese energetic medicine they're saying yes. You were right.

There's all this stuff that people have stuffed down that they're not dealing with okay. You need to clear that ship. But one of the ways one of the problems in the law of attraction is nobody told you what your dominant thoughts actually were now you know the dominant thoughts are those icky. Naggy feelings that are in the back of your mind that come up when you're trying to do something positive or in those moments when you're not concentrating on anything and startling well up from the surface the more rapidly that you deal with those and we're going to do that in part three the more rapidly you deal with those the more rapidly your vibration is going to raise and the easier it is for you to start pulling things into your life that are in harmony with the new normal that you've set you guys with me.

So far okay. Let me just go to my is it is this useful is this helpful or am. I just kind of blowing wind all right. There's another technique.

I want to share with you right. Now and this is probably one of the the single most powerful things. I can do for you and depending on which class you're in with me we call this the emotional uh motivation checklist um remind me at the by the way these are all the other reasons um why your. Law of.

Attraction stuff might not work and we cover these in the hidden. Laws of. Attraction program we'll be talking about very shortly. So these are all things that can can short-circuit you.

But the biggest ones. I see more than anything else is the vibrational disconnect that people have um. So. I need to find just give me a moment.

I think it's. I think it's under identity um here we go. Okay. So a lot of these things go back to.

Identity who do you who are you and what do you feel that you deserve what is your self-concept your life experience and belief systems um what do you deserve in terms of how you've created that memory construct or what we call a holographic memory unit there's two kinds of beliefs beliefs should know about and beliefs you don't what you just discovered with this one exercise when you have the positive feelings and the negative feelings in the background what you just discovered were the beliefs you didn't know about the beliefs that are secretly poisoning and tainting your ability to manifest the life you want the way they want it the reasons that your neurology creates for not taking action they're all connected to these little icky. Naggy feelings in the back now once you become aware of them. I'm going to show you a very quick and easy direct way to start changing them and get ready get we're getting rid of them okay. A lot of us think that that beliefs are these big unchangeable.

Iceberg sized um programs that run our lives they're actually not they're actually decisions we made in in the moment based on the information that we had and the body feelings uh we had at the time they create a construct that creates a belief system for us we have about 14 different reframing patterns that we teach in our. Advanced persuasion and influence courses as well as our self-help programs that can allow you to change those those beliefs very very quickly we're going to talk a little bit about those things in part three what we're going to do now is would it be useful let me ask this question really quick would it be useful if we could um quickly get our neurology fired up and motivated would that be would that be helpful if we could just blast procrastination out of the way or get get yourself fired up to do something and what if we could also just an idea what if we could also transmit and and use that same process to get other people fired up. So they would want to do what we want them to do. First their own selfish reasons.

So to create a powerful win-win would that be would that be something you don't want okay. So if that's the case you're going to want to pay really close attention to this. Next piece this is something that. I learned many many years ago in my extensive classical.

NLP training and. I'm amazed even to this day how underutilized it is um. So let's talk about something called the emotional motivation checklist okay. Um let me find it here on my screen and.

Then we'll we'll talk about it um oh here it is okay. So for this. Next exercise you're going to need a pen and a paper and again you don't want to be driving um when you're doing this okay. Okay.

Let me go to my my gallery section here hold on a. Second okay. So um. I'm going to make this a little bit bigger.

So you guys can take a screenshot of it sorry um let me make this just. I'll just. I'll just expand this and type in the chat when you when you've done the screenshot okay. Again this is free for you if you understand this process right.

If you understand this process that we're doing right. Now you've just been given the golden ticket to making more sales getting more dates having better friends motivating and inspiring and leading your teams better creating more teams hiring better employees getting hired for better jobs even if you're not qualified all of that comes from this this one technique okay. So when you've got it you just type. I got it in the chat and we'll move on looks like it's too small got it all right.

Um let me see if. I can. I know. I can do a gallery view on this screen here okay.

Gallery view okay. So. I. I'm sorry.

I apologize for how small it is uh if anybody needs to um type in the chat at the end of the webinar or in the comments section and. I'll see if. I can post a. PDF of it now here's how this works you guys ready to do some drills get some skills yes.

Or yes. Okay. Sue says it's better now okay. When we apply this process when we apply this process to ourselves it's called the emotional motivation checklist when we apply this to other people the way we teach it in secret of human influence or killer influence or identity by.

Design. Mary's. I'm still sharing the screen. So you can probably if you just zoom in you can probably get a screen we're going to walk through it together now for this like.

I said you're going to want to hand write this stuff out. But this is the template that you follow okay. So the. First thing is.

I want you to stop for a moment it only goes to. D that's okay. Tell us for that's all the further it goes you don't need the other stuff right. The most important thing right.

Now is just getting the uh the a through d and. I'll show the rest of it okay. Guys relax it's okay. I'll give you a chance to screenshot it and copy it down it's not going anywhere okay.

But. Mike for some reason my my screen keeps creeping down that's that's creepy. I think. I think.

I got a ghost in my machine here is somebody moving my that's just weird all right. Anyway it's not showing at all is it showing now all right. It's my end it might be ever since. I started doing this.

Qigong training. I've been screwing up with machines worse than you know you know what. I'm gonna do. I'm just gonna give.

I'm just gonna go ahead and expand. I'm just gonna let you see this and. Then. I'm gonna make.

I'm just going to talk you through it um foreign. So you should be able to see the whole thing now okay. All right. So here's what's going to happen.

I want you to get out a sheet of paper and. I want you to close your and a pen now. I want you to close your eyes. For a moment what.

I want you to do is. I want you to think about right. Before you chose to sign up for this webinar. I want you to remember what it was specifically that you wanted to get as a byproduct from this webinar in other words when you log when you just when you register for this webinar you wanted to use these skills to manifest something right.

What is it that you wanted as a byproduct from this webinar okay. I want you to physically write it down. So maybe you're someone who wanted to become more attractive to the opposite sex right. We'll write that down what do you want become more attractive to the opposite sex maybe you're someone who wanted more coaching clients well write down to get more coaching clients maybe you wanted to get a pay raise at your job right.

Down to get a pay raise from my. Next job right. Whatever it is just write that and use the exact words whatever pops into your head. First don't edit it don't edit it just write it down okay.

I'll explain to you why the exact words you use are. So critical in part three of the webinar now under that you'll notice what says. I are our little number one write that question out what's it going to do for you in other words once. I become more attractive to the opposite sex once.

I get more coaching clients once. I get up you know my. Next six figure job or six figure at rent income what's that gonna do for you right. Just write that down what's it going to do for you right.

Pay attention to the exact words that pop up in your mind and put them on the page okay. Then you're gonna you're gonna on. B you're gonna look. At the answer to your left the.

Last question you're gonna say what's important to you about that you know you got the you know you got the the the six figure income you got the more coaching clients and it's doing this thing for you what's this thing that it's doing for you what's important to you about that right. So it might be uh what do you want from this webinar. I want to be more attractive to the opposite sex what's it going to do for you it's going to make me feel better about myself. I'm going to be happier uh.

I'm going to be. I'm going to get the love. I want the way. I want it right.

Well you might take one of those or all of them in fact all of them is probably better and ask the question well what's important to you about getting the love you want the way that you want it right. And and that might be well. I'll know that. I'm a worthy person.

I know that. I'm. I'm you know. I have.

I'm a good person. I. I just and. I got the life.

I want right. I feel good now if at any point you hit. I feel good that's usually as far as you need to go. But if another level comes up you just keep drilling down until you feel secure you feel good you feel happy you're worthwhile you feel secure whatever you come out to we usually go about three or four levels deep with this.

But you just keep asking the what's important about question okay. So. I want you to just go through that questionnaire and and apply the. Next question to the previous answer until you've drilled down to ultimately if you had all the things that you just listed what would that do for you and what's important about having it or about it okay.

And write that answer out. I need you to write these out okay. You're going to be amazed at what happens in your mind and body in just a few seconds okay. So let me go ahead and.

Shrink this down um and let me go to my my participants okay. Okay. Good now have you written it all down type yes. If you've written it all down okay.

Now what. I want you to do let me get my pen what. I want you to do is. I want you to take the ant take the sheet that you've written these things on now if you could hold it at about a 45 degree angle.

I can't do it without screwing up my camera. But if you could hold it at about a 45 degree angle to your eyes. What. I want you to do is.

I want you to do something. I want you to read only the answers read only the answers to the questions. I want you to read them out loud five times in other words read them out loud from a to d five times go ahead and do that and type down in the chat when you did it in a. Second.

I need to share. I need to change my screen foreign. So let me ask you guys a question what happened to the feelings in your body what happened to the feelings in your body when you read those questions out loud type in the chat what happened. Thomas says.

I felt love and peace. Danny snow says better feels better feel warm. Christopher says made it feel right. Felt good didn't notice feelings okay.

Okay. More on purpose beautiful okay. So were these by and large were these good feelings yes. Or yes.

Were these good feelings okay. What you've just done is you've tapped into your own emotional motivation checklist remember. I said at the beginning of the webinar everything human beings do is in response to a. Feeling a feeling they either want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of you guys remember that yes.

Or yes. Okay. What did you desire for these things when you started listing these things out what happened to your desire for them did they go up or down right. You pretty much started setting a lot of people salivated right.

Did you get emotional when you did it did you feel emotional a lot of you said neutral which means we have some clearing to do okay. Now think about this for a moment what if you could have not just you. But anyone you meet feeling exactly the same way about your view your product or service what would that do to your life how would that change your life how would that change your life work a normal day and be happy more confident for sure right. All right.

So. I told you at the beginning of this webinar. I would guide you through some experiences that would lay the foundation for what we're going to do in part three and. I also told you.

I would take you as far as. I could in the time that we have and. I'd point you in the direction of go of where to go to take the. Next level right.

Are you guys ready to take it to the. Next level would you like to know how to take things up a notch yes. Or yes. Okay.

So we're going to enter part two of the webinar now. So with your permission. I'd like to share with you some programs we've put together some events we've got coming up that will build on this foundation and help and give you the complete access to the system. Then in part three we're going to circle back we're going to build on these foundations we're going to give you some more powerful techniques to clear that up and program your future and uh we're going to customize the content.

So without further ado and with your permission. I would like to present to you the hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation.

Mastery home study course this is a course that. I put together um to help people transform their lives based on all of my my systems and my. Technologies to help you do this from the from the privacy of your own home and show you how to take your life to the. Next level.

So with that being said let's jump in. So what's included in this home study course. First of all the the home study course is all about taking your life to the. Next level it's going to cheat you how to attract more money into your life how to close more deals with your prospects how to get more dates help more people and feel more confident and overall.

Empower you to live the life you want the way that you want it it's going to teach you how to it's going to show you how to automatically become more. Charming charismatic and irresistible it's going to move the blocks to your success remove the limiting beliefs that you have and give you a step-by-step action plan to to utilize the law of attraction in a pretty much bulletproof way. I have. Matt using this the techniques in this system.

I have manifested patently impossible stuff impossible stuff this offer is good until uh tonight actually. I have that's a typo. February 15 2023 11 59 pm. So pardon my typo um what you're gonna get the ultimate manifestation.

Mastery home study course is going to teach you systematically how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind to quickly manifest anything you desire and find and remove blocks to your health wealth success and happiness the blocks you didn't even know that you had we've started you on that process. But once you find them what do you do about it we're going to give you a couple of different um sample platter pieces from the whole system. So you can begin to do that in part three we're going to teach you how to become more magnetic to money how to influence people remotely how to find and remove the hidden negativity that you didn't even know you had. So you can clear up issues that just don't seem to go away if you ever had an issue that you went to somebody for help they they put you through a process and.

Then it won't it went from like a nine to a two or a nine to a one. Then it just wouldn't get any better or it went away completely and. Then within within a few days it came back you're dealing with what we call a safety issue or a safety lesson we're going to teach you very precise techniques for removing those things and getting that stuff out of your neurology physiology energy body and spirit body once and for all. So you can keep all the lessons let everything else go it's very simple.

But your. Neurology in many cases doesn't have a set procedure for doing that. So we're going to install that for you we're going to teach you the powerful new information method for programming your mind to attract the things you want and change what you feel you deserve this is actually one of the most powerful neurological hacks we've ever come across for taking a classical affirmation and transforming it into something absolutely nuclear you'll accomplish more change in your mind and body in five to ten of these powerful informations than you would from any 50 of the classical affirmations we call this neurologically enhanced self-programming or self-suggestion it's amazing once you understand this simple tactic and it will completely change and transform your life and generate more energy and vitality in your mind and body we're going to show you how to systematically delete the negativity and vibrational imprints from your past. So that when you look.

Back on the past you no. Longer remember it uh the old way you no. Longer you only see it in ways that make your life better and. Then.

Finally going to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people who are naturally lucky one of which is the identity principle they identify as being lucky people. But there's four other traits that all. Lucky people share we're going to show you in this course how to systematically delete the things that block you and install the things that make you more lucky. So if you've ever been uh wanting to up your luck quotient this is the fastest way to do it you'll discover the image cycling process.

I call this an engine of transformation there's about two or three of them in. Planet. David and this is one of them this is one of the most powerful methods of manifesting pretty much anything you want um yeah. I.

I've manifested patently impossible things this comes from an energy healing system that has the most documented cures of curing. Rats of cancer in double-blind placebo-controlled studies in other words rats were physically injected with a cancer that is always 100 percent fatal into a rat bred to be vulnerable to cancer this process part of this process which included image cycling was used on these rats and in the vast majority of cases nearly all the rats were cured of cancer in fact the cures were. So powerful that when the the doctors tried to re-inject the the rats with the cancer the cancer wouldn't take that's where this particular the roots of this particular technique come from we've used it for manifestation and it is easily one of the most powerful manifestation in healing self-healing tools um. I've ever come across and you're going to learn exactly how to do it and you'll get to prove it to yourself and.

So much more. But we're not going to stop there it's a total value of 1997. But if you grab this package today we're going to include these special free bonuses just for you. First and foremost we're going to throw in one of our most our coolest courses.

I think we've ever done and this is the vibrational influence. United. Kingdom special edition which includes two full days of extra bonus material our normal vibrational training is three days where we teach you you gotta you gotta have killer influence to get in the dorm right. We're going to teach you how to unlock the secret powers of your neurology subcon subconscious mind to gain control of your mind embodying ways you never thought possible before to unlock your unlimited potential to gain more self knowledge self-awareness to tap into your higher faculties to harness the forces of the universe to literally do your bidding we're going to psychically and energetically had it psychically and energetically protect yourself how to heal yourself and others both in person and remotely how to clear your your energy.

Fields your heart your chakras and master your own energy. Fields how to manifest anything you want on demand we'll show you some classic ways for that to do that and some. Modern tweaks from the. NLP that work with these.

Energy. Systems very very powerfully to get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts as a byproduct that you'll find yourself naturally increasing your psychic skills and much much more again it was filmed live in in the. United. Kingdom it includes two full days of extra bonus material it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free when you grab your course right.

Now if the total value is four thousand four hundred ninety four dollars. But we're not going to stop there because we want you to have everything we want you to have the greatest chance of success the greatest toolkit of that could be available to you all from the comfort of your own home. So we're also going to include for those of you who have a an intense desire to help others and yourself we're going to include our vibrational healing three-day transformational uh boot camp this is for energy healing and. Mastery.

Secrets. Made. Easy this again is based on our vibration influence curriculum. But now the emphasis is on healing remote healing in person healing you'll learn uh how to find and remove the energetic blocks to your health and wealth and success and happiness blocks you may not have even known that you had how to become a master of energy healing one of the things that we do in this particular course is we actually give you uh an overview kind of a summary of all the different models of energy healing that are out there and what categories they fall into what the strengths of one one particular discipline are is versus others like we have ones called the.

Reiki model or the or the uh which is can be contrasted with the. Theta model in the in the. Reiki model you're bringing. Divine energy down and channeling it out in the in the.

Theta model you're actually bringing that person's. Consciousness to the. Divine level and watching the uh the. Divine energy do the healing they're kind of the inverse of each other uh and you have what.

I call the. Qigong model where. I like to call the. Duracell model this is a model where people build up these tremendous amounts of energy um of different types in their body and they use it much like a surgeon uses it to systematically uh clear.

People's. Energy fields and block it to success and things of that nature um you'll also learn about um. The. Matrix healing model.

The. Chronic healing model which is a little bit kind of like the uh the. Qigong model. But they're a little bit more on the intuitive side um.

So you'll understand what the strengths and weaknesses of each of these different systems are how they differ how they're the same and. Underneath. It. All will be a an intensive training and understanding in the.

Hermetic principles that underlie all energetic metaphysical and spiritual systems that's one of the things that you can you can kind of take to the bank is that all systems that work work because of a discrete set of principles that are. Universal to all of them and once you master those principles and you have an actual concrete methodology for training them you can make very very powerful energetic spiritual and physical progress in your life it's very very powerful. But again this is once again an emphasis on healing techniques. So if you're a.

Healer a coach a therapist these are very powerful adjunct to anything you're already doing you'll learn how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away powerful new energy control methods for programming your mind and energy bodies to empower your healing and manifestation skills for maximum results in minimum time how to remove negativity from your past energetic and vibrational self-defense. Secrets the most powerful engines of personal transformation and healing. I've ever discovered manifestation material again and. So much more again if you were to buy this through the website you'd be looking at a total package of two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars we're going to give this to you free because we want you to have all the tools we want you to have all the principles okay.

Total combined value of everything we've talked about. So far is six thousand nine hundred ninety one dollars if you could buy all these things on the website some of these things you can some of these things you can't. But you don't have to pay pull price uh if you grab it during this particular webinar we're going to talk about the secrets of. Personality transformation home study course if there was ever a program that gave you.

Hands-On abilities to transform yourself in the shortest amount of time possible to literally rewrite the building blocks of your identity your personality and install things that you want and get rid of the things you don't want all on your by yourself in a. DIY do-it-yourself format this is the course secrets of. Personality transformation literally is the gateway to doing any of the other things in our vibrational training systems that you want to do okay. Um it it comes at it from the perspective of a hypnotherapy or.

NLP integrative training. But it guides you through exercise after exercise after exercise that systematically gives you the ability to. Target the build the different aspects of your personality and identity you'll learn how to remove negativity from your mind body and spirit that you didn't even know you had how to remove blocks and limiting beliefs quickly and easily how do to remove blocks that go away and come back how to install things using that same methodology how to change that nagging voice inside your head. So that it actually builds you up and tells you all the reasons why you deserve things instead of why you don't okay.

How to move through the world installing these default driver states of playfulness curiosity uh relentlessness and victory these are things that again are positive powerful traits that as base. States move cause you to move through the world from a more empowered. Consciousness plus you'll learn how to customize and design your own driver. States.

So you have much more freedom and choice in the way you move through the world right. You saw how easily and rapidly we installed a playful powerful positive. State at the beginning of today's webinar we're going to give you an even more powerful uh methodology to do that in this particular course okay. We're going to teach you how to resolve all the negativity from your past.

So that you only uh when you look. Back on the past you only uh experience it in ways that make your life better and. Then. Finally we're going to teach you how to take the qualities characteristics and attributes of people you truly like and admire and want to be like and install them as a genetic template at the.

DNA level. So that you actually become more like the people that you choose to be like instead of like the people that nature and the universe and uh social programming conspired to make you it's a very powerful program it utilizes a phenomenon known as deep trans identification and it can literally give you the ability to custom write the identity you want to move through the world in okay. If you've ever seen my video. Captain.

Jack the hypnotist or. Captain. Jack the acupuncturist you can see a very powerful example of what that looks like it's a 2497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free when you grab your package before the end of the webinar the total combined value for this is nine thousand four hundred and eighty eight dollars if you were to buy them individually we're also going to include because a lot of you are asking about attraction we're going to also include a special. Boutique.

Members. Only video master class this is a class that we only did twice um it was only done as a special access training it's called the soulmate. Secrets. Master.

Class how to find identify and attract the love of your life and actually keep them it's a 1997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free in addition to um actually learning how to tap into your emotional bonding checklist uh on a on a life level it'll also teach you the qualities and characteristics you want your ideal mate and how you know you're getting them you'll also learn the surprising way the chemistries of your body contribute to infatuation love and long-term romantic success how to overcome the soulmate myth many different cultures have many different myths about how soul mates work we're going to talk about them expose them and and give you a better more well-rounded understanding of the soulmate phenomena and how you can find yours or your soul mates as is actually a more accurate way to say it how to eliminate negative relationship programming from your childhood how to prepare yourself for enhanced communication with those potential soul mates techniques to move from infatuation to love how to accept change one of the biggest problems that we have um when we're when we're dealing with relationships is that our mates change or don't change in the ways that we want or expect them to we need to understand how to deal with that. One. Way. Or.

Another. We're going to talk about how to determine what you actually need in a relationship this goes to your motivation your emotional bonding checklist how to identify the obstacles in your life that are in your way and conquer them strategies designed to help you keep the spark in that relationship and. So much more you'll also discover why you're attracted to certain people you'll identify family patterns which contribute to your relationships you'll discover the qualities you most want in a life partner you'll learn the basic communication patterns and ways to demonstrate your love you'll discover the difference between sex sexuality sensuality and the role each one plays and. So much more okay.

This again is a bonus that we're giving we've only taught this course twice and we're going to give you a special bonus copy as part of your overall package here today it's designed to work hand in glove with our hidden. Laws of. Attraction training system as well as um some of our attraction products. So this is all about the inner game and the spiritual side of finding your ideal partner total combined value it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you free and it's yours uh if you register before the end of the webinar total combined value is 11 485 dollars and let's look.

At what else we got here um let's see okay. So let's look. At this we've got the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction home study course it's valued at 1997 we're also going to include the vibrational influence. UK. Pro uh program valued at uh 2497 we're going to give that to you free we're also going to give you the vibrational healing 2021 course we're going to give that to you free as well to 2497 value and the secrets of. Personality transformation home study course and of course the super bonus hidden.

Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets master class all for um for free actually it's 2004.97 for hidden for secrets of. Personality transformation and uh 1997 value for the uh hidden.

Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets masterclass total combined value is 11 485 dollars. But as you can probably guess because you you hung out with me you've played with me you've done the drills you've gotten the skills you can see the.

Transformations as they're happening today. I'd like to give you your. First exposure to the. Law of.

Attraction and becoming lucky. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible because. I want you in this program. I want you getting the life you want the way that you want it for all the right.

Reasons and specifically your reasons the written reasons listed in front of you on that sheet of paper. So you won't have to pay 11 485 in fact you're not even gonna have to pay 2 400 497 dollars uh it would be a bargain at 6497 and he did all the math. But we're not even going to charge you that much we're not even going to we're not even gonna make you pay 4 497. we're not going to make you pay two thousand four ninety seven for those of you who are serious about taking your life to the. Next level and really want to make things happen in your world if you like even a little piece of what we got today you can get everything.

I've just outlined for you for one low installment of just 14.97 and if you need a little help we can break that up into four easy installments of just 397 each all you need to do to start getting on the fast track to mastering the. Law of. Attraction manifestation energy healing and finding your soul mates is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash h-o-l-a. I'm sorry h-l-o-a that's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash h-l-o-a one more time with feeling www.davidsniderenlp.com forward slash h l o a um hopefully we'll have uh we'll post that link for our.

YouTubers um shortly. So all you gotta is click that link in your uh in your chat there and uh we'll get you going. So for those of you who are wondering well. I don't know.

David this is kind of. I'm not sure if. I'm ready for this well you have nothing to risk you see. I've.

I believe. So much in the technologies that. I'm teaching you you don't got to believe it that's the best part all you got to do is grab your course follow the drills get the skills and watch your life change you don't got to believe it you just gotta do it if after 60 days this particular program doesn't have view on the fast track to transforming your life to getting more opportunities money abundance social opportunities if you're not on the fast track to finding the love you want the way you want it by your standards and your definitions if you're not becoming more magnetic to success finding yourself getting luckier and luckier if you're not seeing tangible proof that you're on your way to manifesting the life of your dreams feeling more confident and secure and. Powerful.

Then. I'll refund every penny that you've invested in this program because if it's not working for you. I don't want your money. I don't want your investment.

But this is not an investment in. David this is an investment in yourself. I guarantee you if you actually do the work if you actually follow the processes and the strategies and the techniques in this program within 60 days or even sooner you will have a changed life you'll be on the fast track to making more enjoying life more having higher quality relationships and manifesting more opportunities in your life than you ever thought possible and if you have any sticking points if you have any questions all you got to do is pick up that phone and send us and give us a call at 858-282-4663 or just send us an email to. Stephanie nlpower.com and we will walk you through the sticking points we will.

Hot. Seat you if we have to and if after we. Hot. Seat you you're still not getting the results that you want if you're not past whatever's holding you back we'll refund your money all we ask is that you give it actually do the work there's absolutely nothing to risk here.

I want you to be successful this program is only good for me if it's good for you. So go ahead and click that link right. Now go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa click the link in the chat click the links in the offer um. HTTP code backslash www.avidsnydernlp.com a go ahead and type that or um.

I just want to make sure that. I have it. So. I can keep posting it get yours right.

Now www.davidsnidermlp.com forward slash h-l-o-a. So if this wasn't good enough already if this wasn't enough motivation for you it's the fact that. I'm giving you over 11 485 in free stuff if the 60-day guarantee that if it doesn't work for you you can get your money back isn't enough or if you're one of those special people who knows that the successes they have in life is based on their ability and willingness to take action this you're gonna love this we're going to also include oops we're also going to include the following fast action super bonuses you're going to get a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group and archive. So let me explain a little bit how this particular program actually works you see on the.

Third set in. October of 2010 a bunch of my. Meetup students got together and said hey. David.

I want to learn more. I want to work with you personally right. And. I said basically well you can't and they said well how can we and.

I said well. I'll tell you what. I'll put together a. Practice.

Group and on the. Third. Saturday of every month you'll come in from 11 to 4. I'll go around the room.

I'll find out where your sticking points are what do you want to learn. I'll create a lesson plan right. On this spot and for the. Next four to six hours we'll drill you on these specific skill sets until you can do them in your sleep okay.

So literally every. Saturday since 2010. I've logged into my zoom. I've logged.

I've gone into an auditorium. I had a room full of people both virtually and in person and. I say. Jeff what do you want to learn.

Leanne what do you want to learn uh. Justin what do you want to learn. Lawson what do you want to learn assist what do you want to learn. Seth what do you want to learn you know.

Gary what do you want to learn and you tell me what you want to learn and. I write them down on the board right. And. Then.

I step back and. I look. At everything you've told me you want to learn about. I find where they all connect and intersect.

I create that lesson plan on the spot and. Then for the. Next three four five six hours. I drill you on those specific skill sets until you can do them in your sleep you will not get a certificate from the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program what you will get is access to the world's longest running. NLP hypnosis energy and mind control training. Practice.

Group in history right. We've been running it non-stop every month month after month since 2010. you get to work. Hands-On with people just like you from all over the world if you're local here in. San.

Diego or. Southern. California you can actually come to the actual location and practice you get a three-month trial membership what you also get is access to a very special archive an archive that only a select few get access to you see since. October of 2010 we have been running this.

Mastermind we've also been videotaping every single session of that. Mastermind and we've archived those videos in the. NLP power website. NLP website on our private.

Facebook. Group and on our. YouTube channel as a trial member to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring group you will also get unlimited access for that complete 90 days if you want to stay after that let's definitely know we'll show you how to continue and extend your membership if you don't just let us know we'll remove you from the group you've got three months of full unfettered access to 10 years actually 11 years of video content nobody has ever seen everything from. Law of. Attraction manifestation traumatology hypnotherapy neuro-linguistic programming copywriting persuasion influence past life regression um energy healing remote healing remote influence it's all there if it was in my my scope of practice or my baliwick and my students wanted to know it and. I had the capacity to teach it.

I taught it right. You'll get access to it you can binge watch it to your heart's condemned 24 hours a day seven days a week thousands of hours of video that nobody on. YouTube has ever seen or has ever been put in a product it's all yours total value for this is 1597 dollars we're going to give it to you absolutely free to make sure that not only do you have the information that you need. But that you actually have an opportunity to practice and train with people just like you in a community that only wants one thing to help you get better okay.

That's how it works total value for this is thirteen thousand eighty two dollars if you were to get all that um if you were trying to get that on the website. But of course we got more. I'm kind of. I.

I kind of get oops damn it darn it guys sorry about that um you're also ah something's really lagging on my computer. I apologize you're also going to get the attraction. Mastery dating mating and relating skills for men and women on a study course now you can think of soulmate secrets and attraction. Mastery as the yin and yang of each other.

So let me explain that soulmate. Secrets is going to give you the ability to zero in on what you want what fulfills you spiritually mentally physically it's going to give you the skills and abilities to manage the relationship once you've got it where to go to find the kind of people that you want to be in a relationship with attraction. Mastery is going to give you the physical skills and techniques that you need to go from inner game to. Outer gain to go from a cold approach to what we call a complete close and.

Then into an. LTR into long-term relationships it's about what to say how to create powerful levels of physical mental and emotional connection how to uh rapidly generate. Charisma on command um how to work within other people's energy fields to actually psycho emotionally and energetically position yourself in their minds as the people that could give them the greatest degree of happiness in the shortest amount of time possible it is one of the most powerful programs that we have. I don't teach this class very often anymore um because.

I'm focusing on other things. But if you have the soulmate. Secrets master class and you have this you have everything you need to find attract date mate and relate in a long-term relationship the people in this and the the mates of your dreams the partners of your dreams okay. It's a powerful one-two combination we don't offer it that often.

I'm giving this team free because again. I want you to have everything. I want you to have the skills and abilities to have the life you want the way you want it with the people you want to have it with okay. It's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give this to you free when you grab and you click that link right.

Now in your chat and get your course right. Now okay. All you need to do oh. I forgot there's one more this is probably the single most valuable course or most valuable bonus that we have and what this is um if you were to ask me um what's a better deal having this training done live or getting in video.

I will answer without hesitation that getting this course in person is the fastest way to embody these skills and once you have the live training the videos take on an even more powerful uh place in your life and in your skill set for those of for the. First um 21 people oh actually that should be 17 people. But not 2117. um for the. First 21 people to grab this course today we're going to give you a free.

VIP super ticket to our. Next identity by. Design hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification live certification boot camp which is going to be here in. San.

Diego. March 21st through the 25th some restrictions do apply it's a 3 150 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free what you're going to get in this amazing program is the seven stage identity by. Design. Silo that allows you to systematically.

Target and rebuild a person's identity and personality from the ground up how to find and remove negativity you didn't even know you had how to remove safety lessons from your life that are keeping you from taking certain actions because your neurology thinks that if you take them you'll be in danger okay. A lot of times these things manifest as an inability to launch either to get into that relationship even though you know they're the right. Person to start that business even though everything is in place and you just can't seem to get going if you've ever found yourself in a situation where you knew everything you needed to do you know when you needed to do it you knew who to do it with and how to do it. But you couldn't pull the trigger chances are you got safety lessons blocking your progress and this will give you the system to help yourself and your clients this is again something for people who actually want to use this and become an identity by.

Design coach and build this into your healing practice your coaching practice your. Consulting practice you're going to systematically learn how to install those default driver states that we talked about how to cleanse the negativity from a person's past. So that when they look. Back they only remember it in ways that make their lives better you're going to learn the the key language patterns to install things very very quickly you're going to learn the 90 minute the 30 minute 90 99 close consultation process that we use for both screening our prospective clients and motivating them to want to become your clients within the space of 30 minutes one of the most powerful things you can do for your business creates tremendous.

Goodwill tremendous compliance and guarantees that you will have the easiest time possible working with each of those clients going forward um you'll also learn powerful regression techniques that are pleasure based that'll give you the foundations for your. Next level of training which is real world regression therapy in the energetic systems this might be called. Soul retrieval depending on who you're talking to um which is again a this is a prerequisite for that kind of stuff uh you're also going to learn about how to do self-hypnosis you're going to learn how to rapidly install the traits qualities and characteristics of people you truly admire into yourself. But also into your clients where secrets of.

Personality transformation is all about doing these things for yourself this course is all about doing this thing for other people for a financial or a professional purpose in other words to add another income stream to help you help your clients better right. And the side effect of this is that the byproduct of this for lack of better word is you will be able to hypnotize people and transform their lives anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason now that's a big claim. But graduates from this class have been documented performing. Advanced hypnotic techniques in the lobby of a live of a hotel undergoing renovations right.

Next to an active chat. Hammer with 100 success. I've had people perform these techniques in the airport for on people having. AB reactions in minutes and just completely transforming it after this training this is the training that will take your confidence your competency and all of your other skills to a much higher level if you're working in a profession that if you have to like if for example if you in energetic systems if you break somebody open they start having an emotional.

AB reaction a lot of times you have to refer those people out to get that get that stuff cleaned up with the identity by. Design techniques you now have a very powerful toolkit for helping them resolve those things right. Then and there you don't have to refer them out right. Again if you feel more comfortable referring them out that's fine.

But one of the things that this helps you do is you fix that on all different levels right. Then and there it's one of the most powerful programs that we have and it will completely change everything about your life and your practice. I can't say enough about this course especially the. Live.

Events don't take my word for it any of the graduates from identity by. Design. Post in the chat exactly what this course has allowed you to do. So these people know what they're getting our.

VIP super tickets are very special why is that it's because they don't expire let's say you grab your package right. Now right. And for some reason your work schedule won't free up um you have family obligations whatever you can't come to the training that's fine all you do is you pick up the phone you let. Stephanie know we will move you to the.

Next identity by. Design training you don't lose this ticket until you actually use this ticket let's say the training sells out and this one is going to sell out really really quick because the venue we're at only has space for 25 people. So again we that's why you have the number 17 there instead of the 21 um because we have a bunch of people already pre-registered for this. Anyway be that as it may let's say that the training is full right.

And your schedule frees up. Joseph. Christensen just got it thank you. Joseph welcome aboard my friend um let's say that your schedule frees up at the.

Last minute and you want to come to a training. But the deadlines have gone are you missed the deadlines all you do is pick up the phone send an email let. Stephanie know and we'll make a seat for you we will actually make a space out of sold out training. So that you can attend this live event let's say for some reason we raised the price again in a few months you have a price guarantee you will never pay more for this training as long as you have this.

VIP ticket even if we raise the price which will raise the value of the ticket. But you've got it here you have a price guarantee that price will never go up for you okay. Let's say that you want either you have somebody in your life that you think would be a good fit for this training maybe it's not for you maybe it's for a loved one all you you can gift the ticket to them and they can attend the training and get the certification this ticket does not expire if it takes you if you get it to get your course today if you get this course and it takes you 10 years to get to a training this ticket will still be valuable it'll still be available for you. I've had people get these courses or get these.

VIP tickets in 2016. I don't hear from them until 20 2019 2021 they ask hey. I got this ticket at. Hypno.

Thoughts back in the day can. I still use it the answer is yes. Right. You have you have this training available to you until you actually use the ticket it never goes it never goes out of date you and it's one of the fastest ways to really get into a room with me where.

I can put you through our unique training process that takes you from hypnotic zero to hypnotic hero in five days you will literally be the most one of the most. Unstoppable hypnotists on the planet and that's my guarantee right. I know it's and if you don't think that's true test me grab your course come to the training and if you can't if you don't rapidly gain the ability to hypnotize almost anyone anytime anywhere under any circumstances and get your outcome. I'll refund your money it's really that simple okay.

Uh. Anyway total combined value is eighteen thousand seven hundred and twenty nine dollars all you got to do to get yours is click the link go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa right. So let's just review really really quickly getting. Laws of.

Attraction hold on again okay. Hidden. Laws of. Attraction ultimate manifestation.

Mastery home study course includes the hidden. Laws of. Attraction home study course itself valued at one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollars you're also going to get absolutely free the vibrational influence. UK five-day training with two full days of bonus content on the kuji in and mudra work uh for manifesting various things it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free you're going to get a bonus vibrational healing home study course absolutely freaking amazing two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're gonna give that to you free you're gonna get the secrets of.

Personality transformation home study course it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and include the the hidden. Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets.

Master. Class 1997 value and the yin to the. Yang are the. Yang to the.

Yen of of that course is our attraction. Mastery four-day intensive to 2 497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to the lp power. Mastermind mentoring program and the 10 the 11-year video archive it's a 1597 value we're going to give that to you free and. Then.

Finally we're going to give you a free. VIP super ticket to our. Next identity by. Design hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification boot camp three thousand one hundred and fifty dollar value we're gonna give it to you absolutely free total value is eighteen thousand seven hundred and twenty nine dollars you can get it all for one low installment of just 14.97 and if you need a little extra help just let.

Stephanie know we can break that up into four easy installments for you of just 3.97. all you need to do is go right. Now to get yours is go to www.davidsnidermlp.com forward slash h-l-o-a that's www.davidsnider nlp.com forward slash hloa uh one more time click that link right. Now www.davidsonternlp.com forward slash h l o a with that we conclude uh phase two of our webinar you've got your path to. Ascension go ahead and click those links right.

Now get one of those few remaining uh. VIP tickets and uh. So you can come to the identity by. Design live training here in.

March um in. Solana. Beach and meet some of the. PowerHouse most powerful hypnotists of all time and become one of them yourself what we're going to do right.

Now it is 5 59 by my clock we are going to take a seven minute intermission during that seven intermission you can go ahead and click that link right. There and uh post any questions that you may have about the program when we come back from our break we're going to go ahead and uh pick up phase three. Circle back and start building on the foundations we laid in the beginning of part one and show you how to customize this webinar to your specific law of attraction and manifestation applications okay. That's what we got and.

I will see you in seven minutes all right. All right. Let me go check our our uh chats here you guys have any questions. I can answer while we're we have two minutes left on our break let's see here.

Craig said he signed up awesome welcome aboard. Craig. I love it when people jump on here and and take the plunge you're going to be. So empowered to blow your mind all right.

See who else. Craig has signed up okay. For those of you who want to swap tickets uh reach out to. Stephanie and she'll give you the procedure for doing that if that's something you might want to do some of those classes that some restrictions do apply on those.

VIP tickets. But um we try to be flexible when possible see here. I don't see any other questions that people have. Gary says this may not be a protocol.

But the ticket the feeling packet stored in the body can those be thought forms they are thought forms. Gary um in fact if you've ever seen the diagram. I use for a holographic memory unit a holographic memory container that is my two-dimensional representation of an actual thought form okay. We don't tell people that they're breaking up or changing thought forms uh in the identity by.

Design level. But as you get deeper and deeper into the vibrational influence levels you start to learn deeper understandings and applications um of what you're doing it's not necessary at the identity by. Design level because most people they just want to change and all they need to know and. So the way that what we do is see there's two ways let me let me jump on and talk about this really quick because.

I think it's really important that people people understand um make sure you go ahead and click that link uh http www.davidsoniderenlp.com forward slash uh hloa uh let me go ahead and um click back to this really quickly one of the things that that people have had trouble with in the past um as well as going forward is there's two ways to keep people stuck um and that's either don't give them enough information or way too much and. So one of the things that we do is we've layered all of our trainings in a progression. So there are certain key entry-level programs that we have that lay the foundations you're actually you know when you come into a class like identity by. Design most people are coming in under the context of learning uh.

NLP hypnotic hybrid training they're here for the hypnotic applications of. But what they don't realize is that it's also a hermetic training. Silo in other words all the things you're doing in identity by. Design are actually giving you the opportunity to practice developing home certain attributes of the mind body and spirit that are used in vibrational applications most people coming in are neutral at best towards the wonderful world of woo.

So we don't talk about that we give them a set of mechanics that allow you to create very powerful very rapid change we give you enough information that you can do this stuff anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any lesion and the more you do it the more your skills of these other things and these more advanced classes become right. So we solve one percent of problems at a time and if people want to go faster or deeper into our systems there's a path. But even if they come in they just want to add a few some hardcore nuclear powered techniques to their current healing practices or therapy practices or whatever they got they get what they came for right. So again we try not to overwhelm you or inundate you with all the stuff that really you don't need to know to be successful now when you want to take your understanding to a deeper level things change a little bit we'll show you the same techniques from a completely different perspective or a slightly higher perspective and you'd be like oh my.

God and what literally happens after about a year or two um going through the system you literally have this. Epiphany where you wake up and go oh my. God it's all the same right. It's really cool.

But that's what it's about okay. So that being said let me go to the chat let me see what we got here. So. Laurie's saying if hypnosis is a kinesthetic hallucination how can it be anything other than a manipulation of the chemical release well.

First of all hypnosis isn't a kinesthetic hallucination it's a kinesthetic phenomena. But. I wouldn't call it a hallucination in fact if we were to hook. You up to an.

MRI or an. EEG you would see dramatic uh changes in the functioning of the brain as a byproduct of going through a hypnotic process. So to call it a hallucination or to call hypnosis a. Hallucination is not really accurate um kinesthetic hallucination as a byproduct of a hypnotic interaction or intervention that would be more accurate way of saying it it is a it's again hypnosis is any process or phenomena that takes you from the state you're in and intentionally moves you from to another state that's really all a hypnosis really is and.

Then depending on how you define hypnosis the. Dynamics of that particular definition can change as well we'll give you all the functional things you need to know in the identity by. Design super training okay. Um all right.

So that being said this is where we get to play a little bit here's what. I want to know what do you want to learn about today now that we're in part three of the webinar we've laid some of the foundations and we'll probably give you some more let me just get my chair. So. I can um stand for the.

Next stand for the. Next hour what is it you guys want to learn about in terms of. Law of. Attraction and manifestation what can.

I help you with today type in the chat what you most you're what you most want to learn about top three choices go ahead and do that oh people were asking about virtual classes we are working on having a regular virtual option for some of these trainings. But it will still cost you a. VIP ticket. I'll be saying can you teach us how to cultivate and develop a dominant and intimidating personality.

I can um. But. I need to know how you define that. But that's not really the purview of this particular webinar.

So. Leanne says. I used to be able to manifest. I need to do it again okay.

What else you guys got talk to me what do you guys want to know about this is. It's. Your webinar really guys come on oh. Then.

I'll just pick something removing limiting limiting behaviors add is issues okay. Tithing principles manifest clients open awareness to areas of the. Law of. Attraction we no.

Longer want wait. Mark what do you mean when you say open awareness to areas of law of attraction we no. Longer want. I'm not sure what that means.

But okay. All right. So let's play a little bit shall we how do. I get rid of old to allow.

Newman perfect let's talk about that let me go to let me go uh share my screen and we will look. At some ways to do this okay. Foreign. So what we're going to talk about now is one of the most important aspects of law of attraction this goes to a concept that we're going to teach you more about in identity by design called.

The proprioceptive. Grid the energy field around your nervous system or for processed by your nervous system let me see if. I can make this a little bit bigger has an organization to it if you were to pick a um if you would go to an anatomy book. Or a a book.

On the energy field to the human body this is what you might see in other words there's a there's a toroid shaped energy field around us now if you actually were to look. At this it would actually be three interpenetrating um. Tori toroid. Fields one for the heart one for the upper dantian and one for the lower.

Don. Tien and. Then if you start parsing the different chakra systems you're going to see different intersecting toroidal fields for each of the chakras that's all really pretty on curly and photography or any kind of. Imaging.

But it doesn't really help us it doesn't really give us a way to work with this energy and strategically and specifically change remove or add things to it. But what. I've discovered through my through. NLP and observation and things like that is that there is an inherent organization to this field this is this is true.

But it's not useful if you impose a grid on the human nervous system much like this what you get is an understanding of the holographic information processing. Network that runs all human beings. So here's some very simple things that we can play with and you already did play with this. So.

I'll just point it out anything if you if you imagine a dividing line bisecting the top of the head the byway through the perineum through the soles of the feet this is a dividing line between the forward hemisphere of your body and the posterior hemisphere of your body if you think about that toroidal field. But what. I want you to do is. I want you instead of thinking it about it like a um instead of thinking about it like a.

Taurus or a donut rather. I want you to think about it like a cube right. And you're in the center of this. Cube you have a forward quadrant you have a rear quadrant things of that nature now why is this important because anything that you find in your forward quadrant your neurology codifies automatically as a program that's over active or is over.

I'm sorry open active and pending in other words it's not resolved it's not in the past it's not you're not over with it okay. We'll talk about that in just a minute anything that travels from the forward hemisphere to the rear hemisphere your neurology tends to classify as closed over or complete now you all had an experience of this at the beginning of our webinar how many of you guys remember when. I had you take the picture of something that you wanted lift it up over your head pull it down around you lift it back up throw it behind you until it disappeared you guys remember when we did that yes. Or no.

Okay. What you did there was played with your own proprioceptive grid how many of you noticed when you move the picture behind you it's significantly diminished or in some cases went away completely true not true okay. So what we've done now now. NLP according to classical.

NLP that shouldn't work for everybody. But one of the things one of the distinctions that we've made in our systems is that human beings have two sets of coding you have an off-the-shelf genetic coding system which is what we're tapping into and. Then you have your own personal coding system for example if. I were to ask you to imagine something in your life that was true once.

But is no. Longer true can you do that can you imagine or can you remember something in your life that was true once. But is no. Longer true like.

I was in. Third grade once. But. I'm not anymore cool all right.

So do this now when you think about that time that was true once. But is no. Longer true notice that there's a place in your body with a feeling connected to that memory is stored take a moment point to where you feel it right. Now take your other hand and if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that experience a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it.

First impression okay. Once you've got that just for fun trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is okay. Now make it bigger and notice what happens to the feeling.

Then make it smaller notice what happens to the feeling type it in the chat what happens you guys with me this is the audience participation part of the webinar folks diminishes when larger more intense when small okay. You're what we call a concentrator. Mary that means when you make your pictures bigger it diffuses the energy when you make the picture smaller it means that the energy gets more concentrated more focused there's no. There's several different categories you have concentrators and expanders and.

Then you have um distancers doesn't matter which one you are it just you just need to know which one you are. So. Morgan says the feeling gets stronger when larger he's an expander again there's nothing right. Or wrong about either one it's just knowing which one you are now you've calibrated now you know when you make something bigger what's going to happen when you make something smaller what's going to happen you've literally found the volume control knob to the intensity level of your neurology this is really powerful this is important okay.

So that being said remember that spot where you you hold things that are were true once. But no. Longer true now. I want you to think of something that has a a level of one two or three preferably a one something that you'd like to not feel.

So bad about or um what have you when you have it. I just want you to notice where in your body that feeling is stored and point to it okay. And now what. I want you to do once again if you could imagine a picture floating in the space around you that represents that level one thing that you wanna you wanna change a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it go ahead and take it go ahead and.

Reach. Out. And. Touch.

It now the. First thing. I want you to do trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is now if you're an expander.

I want you to make the picture bigger notice what happens to the feeling in your body if you're a concentrator shrink it down and notice what happens to the feelings in your body and. Then put it back to its original size and tell me what you discovered just type in the chat what you discover it burns okay. Concentrator okay. Christopher go ahead and do what you got to do to make it more intense and.

Then put it back to its original intensity okay. So you trace the outline of it made it bigger made it smaller right. Now. I want you to do the exact.

I want you to make it. I want you to if you're an expander now shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller if you're a concentrator make it bigger. So it completely diffuses and. Then all.

I want you to do is physically grab it and if. I'm. I'm an expander. So.

I'm going to shrink mine down to the size of a postage stamp all. I'm going to do now is move it into that spot where things were true once. But are no. Longer true and make it bigger go ahead and do that do it a few times until it locks into place and.

Then type what you experienced when you made it bigger in that space. Joseph says when it's larger the muscles vibrate okay. Cool. Tammy says when it's big you feel sick okay.

Good good goes away when expanded huh wait a minute how does that work it works doesn't feel like an issue anymore. Christopher says bingo what you've literally done with the combination of imagination intention and body is still there okay. Space opened in my field of perception less intense very good okay. I just wanted to give you a quick experience we're going to show you how to actually nuke this big time okay.

So what. I just the whole the whole point of this by the way was to teach you something that you have a hardwired set of filing relationships and. Then you have one that's personal now what. I can't show you on this particular uh format is that if.

I had you all in the same room and when you come to identity by. Design you'll see this. If. I.

Had. Each of. You. Reach.

Out. And. Touch the space where you kept things that were true once. But no.

Longer true you'd all be pointing in a different spot right. That's your personalized coding system right. We don't need to worry about that for what we're about to do. Next now the.

Next thing. I want you to teach you is. I want to teach you how to remove the safety lessons that are holding you back would it be okay. To remove the blocks to your some of the blocks to your success would that be okay.

Type in the chat if that's okay. This is the again this is the audience participation form okay. So. I'm going to give you two things that you need to understand if you're going to work on your own stuff okay.

One of the problems remember at the beginning of the webinar when. I said that the human nervous system has a negativity bias you guys remember when. I said that yes. Or yes.

Okay. This is where that becomes important when we one of the things that happened. I kind of lost my train of thought there because. I was clipping around um.

Windows one of the things that happens is if you experience one negative thing the autonomic nervous system automatically gives it a charge of four okay. So one event gravity of four positive event one positive event gravity of one this is the negativity bias that we all have the picture moving that you've just done is a way to integrate your physical body your imagination and your intention with the proprioceptive neurology the cardiac neurology and the mirror neurons of your system to create holistic change when. I make the picture smaller from for most people it's going to get again if you're if an expander it's going to get less intense if you're a concentrator you need to make it bigger you just need to know that part okay. So when we start to work on ourselves because of this negativity bias let me let me go back to here because of this negativity bias the.

First thing your neurology wants to do is pick the most egregious painful heinous traumatic elements of your life the godzilla-sized that you've dealt with and that's what it wants to deal with. First it does that because as far as your neurology is concerned that is in fact the most the biggest problem that you're facing right. Now and when you're working with other people guiding you through processes you can do that like if. I'm if you're working one-on-one with me bring out.

Godzilla bring out. Satan. Lucifer you know uh. Loki whatever whatever.

Behemoth is is lurking beneath the surface right. And we'll we'll go do battle with it all right. We'll show you how to transform those things. But when you're working on yourself that inherent negativity bias actually prevents you from being successful and here's why how many of you um buy a show of hands or that's me in the chat have ever heard of this thing called a video game anybody.

Bueller dealer okay. So. So you guys know that in video games like. World of.

Warcraft or. EverQuest or um those kind of things that you have levels to characters right. True not true okay. Play both very good.

I'm an. Ever crack junkie right. You ever see what happens. Starcraft you ever see what happens when a level one can anybody ever play.

The. Dungeons and. Dragons the role-playing game like the table game same idea do you ever see what happens when a level one character runs into a level 20. Zone what happens no.

Idea. Road omelette right. Immediate death why because the character's skill level isn't a match for the problems skill level right. So when you start working on yourself you got to flip the script you've got to actually have you have a level one you have a level one character you need to fight level one problems why because every time you kill a level one character kills a level one monster you get what you get experience points when you get enough experience points what happens you level up right.

This is how you have to retrain your nervous system to deal with your by definition the reason your is still your is because up until this moment you haven't found a technique strong enough to resolve it right. Because of the negativity bias of your nervous system you're immediately going to take any technique that you find and throw it against this level one technique and throw it against a level 20 monster and wonder why it doesn't work okay. So. I'm going to teach you two techniques the.

First technique is a way is called bucket listing it's a way to reorganize your shipping and. Technical terms strategic hypnotic influence triggers right. It's going to be a way to reorganize your ship. So that you have level one problems level two problems level three.

Pro all the way up to level 10 or 20 problems and you know exactly what to practice on. First you get enough of those level one problems you're going to get experience points you're going to go to a level two uh technique you do enough level two techniques you're gonna go to a level three three technique and you'll be able to deal with level one three problems. So forth and. So on this one little piece will allow you to actually train your mind and body to deal with your using whatever techniques you know what you have to be willing to do it does that make sense yes.

Or no. Okay. So let's talk about how to do bucket listing. Then we're going to start clearing is that okay.

Okay. So before we start clearing. I just want to remind everybody once again that um hold on a. Second.

I gotta clear this up to grab to click that link for your um for the offer today right. It's the hidden. Laws of. Attraction uh super bonus it's vibrational influence uh 2497 value the hidden loss of.

Attraction home study course 1997 value the vibrational healing uh home study course two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value secrets of. Personality transformation the technique we're about to teach you is actually in secrets of. Personality transformation and identity by. Design.

So you get it in both courses it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give it to you free the hidden. Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets.

Master. Class 1997 value we're going to give that to you free the attraction. Mastery four day intensive 2497 value we're going to give that to you free um the. NLP.

Mastermind mentoring program and video archive it's 1597 value we're going to give that to you free and. Finally the free. VIP super ticket for identity by. Design live to 3150 value we're going to give that to you free it's a total of eighteen thousand seven hundred twenty nine dollars in course materials and bonuses you can get it all for one four nine seven or four easy installments of three nine seven each uh just go to www.davidsnider nlp.com forward slash h-l-o-a if you have questions call.

Stephanie at 858-282-4663 she can answer any questions that you have uh www.davisnetternlp.com forward slash h-l-o-a let's go ahead and get back to bucket listing and here we go. I think this is it okay. So there's two ways for you to organize your stuff one is called the. Thematic process the.

Thematic approach and the way this works is all you're going to do is do a brain dump of everything that you might be afraid of that holds you back what have you. So get out a piece of paper and. I want you to just list everything that makes you feel afraid just brain dump it out on a piece of paper now when we're using the. Thematic approach it could be anything you're afraid of right.

If. I'm going to do if my theme is sadness or grief or anxiety or sadness grief or sorrow. I'm gonna list all the things that make me feel sad right. If my my my big godzilla-sized stuff or my theme is worry.

I'm gonna list all the things that make me worry. Then. I'm going to organize those. I'm going to give you each one a number value from zero or from one to ten because if it had a zero it wouldn't be on your list.

So one to ten. Then. I'm going to organize those from highest to lowest in other words. I'm going to list all my level ones let me show you really quick all right.

You write down all your level ones all your level twos all your level threes levels four five. Etc right. And what's going to happen is when we start going through the technique the transformation techniques. I want you to take the technique that we're playing with and.

I want you to apply it to all of your level one problems when you've exhausted all of your level one problems. I want you to go on to your level two problems when you've exhausted all of your level two problems work on your level three problems and. Then your level fours and your level fives. So the.

First thing you do is you just do a brain dump of all the things that and again if we're talking about fear that make you afraid whatever okay. Then. I want you to sort through your history and find other examples of things you want to clear that have a same intensity level. So you might have like you know you know three different things that you have you know three examples at a level one oops that didn't work um [Music] oh that's why okay.

Pardon me because my my computer's getting a little glitchy because. I'm running too many apps right. Now all right. So you have maybe you have three to five things at level one maybe you have three to five things at level two right.

The idea is you clear one level. First. Then you move on to the. Next level all right.

So let me ask you if you have any questions about this no. No. No. Yeah.

But you know what you're actually doing. Christopher is you're organizing your you see most of us when we think about things we want to clear we think about the biggest most traumatic things in our life and we want to clear those. First and that's fine if somebody's guiding you through a process. But if you're trying to do this on your own you're setting yourself up for failure because by definition the things that you're trying to fight have the greatest degree of.

History practice and magnitude in your neurology and the human nervous system by definition sorts for what's familiar. So if you want to be able to develop a technique that's strong enough to deal with the level 20s you've got to build it up they're gonna like building up a muscle okay. So does that make sense. Christopher uh.

Albie's asking how many levels well. I'd use a one through ten scale right. But you can you can number that at whatever if you want a 1 through 20 you can do one through twenty right. Now just the.

ACT here's here's one of the best parts about this process just the act of creating the list causes you to start processing out your all right. Okay. Um. Seth us.

I. I can't deal with that right. Now okay. If you guys want to do any kind of um work have.

Stephanie handle all right. So can you can scratch for saying can. I use something other than fear yes. You can you can use any negative emotion that you're worried about.

But what we're doing is we're taking a thematic approach right. We have another approach where you just brain dump an emotionally vomit anything that bothers you and put it on the page. I like to keep things a little bit more organized. So we start by clearing all of our fears and all of our sadnesses and all of our worries and all of our guilts and all of our shames.

But again you don't do you have to start with fear absolutely not what matters is that you keep to one theme and you just organize those things okay. Uh. Megan if if you want interest um reach out to. I just told.

Seth that face reading in. Dallas is something that is option it's a viable possibility you have to reach out to. Stephanie at 858-282-4663 uh directly and she'll help you with that as far as what to do [Music] um okay. So the secret is brain dump or or emotionally vomit everything that you want to fix right.

Onto a page that have to do with one particular emotion or set of emotions. Then organize it give each each one an intensity value of one to ten. Then organize it your reorganize your list ones twos threes fours fives all the way down to the tens right. And.

Then find other examples of a level one problem other examples of a level two problem fill in those spaces other levels of other examples of a level three problem fill those in why because the more level ones you clear the faster you're going to gain skills and experience points to deal with the level twos the more repetition you get at level ones the faster your neurology is willing to take on the level twos just the act of doing this causes a perceptual shift in your neurology that causes you to go we call going meta to the problem one of the reasons that we have trouble clearing stuff from our life is because we're too. Associated into it you guys remember when. I had you take your picture and wrap it around you guys remember that what happened to your perspective when you wrap the picture around you and you were actually inside of it what happened to how you felt about the problem right. Did most of you feel like it was you were actually in it now truly not true.

Focus felt immersed in it okay. Okay. So what happens is when our when our. Tran when our traumas start to overwhelm us if all you did was point to where you felt it found the picture trace the outline of it and pushed it away it wouldn't bother you nearly as much if all you did if you're a concentrator was make it bigger it would diminish if all you if you're an expander and all you did was make it smaller it would be intensity level would diminish and you would be able to deal with it much more readily that's all you would have to do to make it manageable.

But you still have to manage it. So what do we how do we manage it well one of the ways that we do that is by dissociating or going meta to the problem we have to rise above that in our perspective. So that we have control over it one of the natural processes that happens when you start to vomit out your material and reorganize it is you automatically start going meta to it which automatically triggers a resolution process in you how many of you noticed if you're doing this that as you think about the things on the list they're not quite as intense as they were before you wrote it down anybody notice that and it's okay. If you didn't.

But how many of you noticed that okay. We're gonna. I'm gonna try and keep to it to a. Time list of.

So how many of you are actually actively type in the chat right. Now how many of you are actively working on your bucket lists right. Now foreign okay. Good.

So here's the deal the end says yes. Not sure why though it's because the act of writing it causes you to start to vent and process it. Mary says me. I'm dealing with the death of my husband.

I'm very sorry to hear that. Mary this will help the more you write the more intense the feelings good that means you're processing got a lot to unpack perfect. Perfect all right. So here's what we're going to do we're going to start.

I. I. I. I.

I. I. I. I shudder every time.

I get to this part of the webinar and the reason. I say that is because. I've. I've given you explicit instructions on what category of problem to work on.

But you're gonna pick. Godzilla. Anyway because that's what your nervous system wants you to do right. Now your neurology is pumping you.

David's going to lead us through an exercise let's pick up the biggest nastiest thing and let's just clear it. I understand. Adrian says no. I'm trying not to.

I understand this is not my. First rodeo guys okay. Here's what. I would let's play a little bit let's do what.

I promise you will do is we'll do this process two or three times as you go through the exercise and you become more confident in it if you want to you can just take it up one level with each pass right. But for training purposes what you need to do is you need to flesh out those lists and work on all the level ones. First using this technique. Then go to your level twos using this technique.

Then your level threes using this technique and what you'll discover is that by the time you hit level four five six your neurology will be. So good at this and have such a history of success with it it'll just start to do it automatically okay. And even if it doesn't do it automatically you'll know exactly how to deal with this and the more playful and explorational you become with it the more powerfully and rapidly it will work you don't need to believe in anything we're doing right. Now all you got to do is have a fun playful explorational attitude be absorbed and focused in the process and you'll be amazed at how rapidly these things start to change for you okay.

So lens. Leanne says. I have a black screen and. I only see part of your head.

I don't know what happened. I don't know either because from what. I can see um oh wait a minute what's going on here is that better. I'm not sure what happened there okay.

Thank you. Leanne for letting me know. I'm not sure how that happened or why. But it's fixed now all right.

So. I want you to look. At your list. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna suit up for this we're gonna go to battle you guys ready to play all right. We're gonna do this. I want you to look.

At the number one entry on your list. I want you to close your eyes. Remember that thing you want to change it's a level one point to where you feel it in your body now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling that experience and you can reach out and touch it where would you reach out to touch it. First impression take your other hand.

Reach. Out. And. Touch.

It now from here trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is make sure you got the right. One make it bigger or smaller move it closer move it away notice how the intensity changes if it changes you got the right. One now what.

I want you to do is imagine you could take a big thick black frame the bigger thicker and. Blacker the better that's it all the way around that image now. I want you to feel along the base of that frame and you're going to notice some some knobs and switches like on an old style television or radio a lot of you guys are probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. But if you're an old like me you remember that.

I want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast. I want you to turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely and notice how that makes you feel and. I want you to turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel and.

Then make a judgment decide which one you like better right. Whichever color if you like you'll wait it out turn it all the way to the right. If you like it blacked out turn it all the way to the left if your knob is the other way where black is to the left and white is to the right. That's fine too all right.

But now. I want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and understand something that there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative. I want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters across that white it out or blacked out screen. I want you to write the lessons this experience had to teach you positive or negative.

So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what those lessons are and blam they just vomit that onto that screen the screen will scroll like a tablet. So you have an infinite unlimited writing space some people have no. Conscious idea what that lesson was. But the unconscious part of you the part of you that created this in the.

First place knows exactly what those lessons are and what they need. So just like automatic writing put your put your magic finger on that screen and let the unconscious mind just write like automatic writing now some people draw squiggles some people draw pictures some people get really pissed off and write you you you across the screen some people right. With both hands simultaneously like the writing. Chinese or.

Hebrew at the same time. However your body does it just keep writing. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go you may feel emotions welling up as you're writing this stuff on the screen put them on the screen too and just keep writing as the feelings come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them solve dissolved and resolved from the body solved dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right. Reasons when you know it's done reach up and if you're an expander shrink that picture down to the size of a postage stamp if you're an expander or if you're a concentrator make it.

So big it takes up the entire. Sky notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your other than conscious mind begins the process of slowly migrating that shrunken down or expanded picture over the top of your head and back. Beyond the. Horizon like you did before notice how the feelings change in your body as your unconscious mind just automatically does that until it disappears behind the.

Horizon completely now you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail feel it nailed back there for all eternity and possibly come back well you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead take all the time you need to let the processing take place you may feel a little warm as your body goes through some transformation some people break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people choke some people just feel waves of emotion coming up whatever you're experiencing it's just your neurology resetting itself it's just emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you're satisfied type done in the chat that's just your body reprocessing. The. Experience.

Stacy. Lynn says done scale of. George says done scale of. Joe to 10 rate the remaining feelings which says done scan your body notice how different you feel.

Len says the weight lifted off me. Bingo right. Christopher says lighter this is actually one of the most common manifestations what literally happens is you've done it uh the the equivalent of an energetic emotional body weight loss program okay. Ali says.

I just got rid of laziness very good. Alby excellent all right. Len says. LOL very good you guys ready for another one.

Mark says done. Carrie says yes. Matthew. Boyd says done.

Glenn says done yes. Okay. So look. At the.

Next thing on your level one list now if you're feeling adventurous you're feeling a um uh ambitious you can pick the. First one on your level two list right. Point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is expand it contract it bring it closer put it back to where it was notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as you manipulate that once you're sure you've got the right.

One put a big thick black frame around it feel along the base of that frame find the dials and knobs and switches that control the brightness or the contrast turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide for yourself which one you like better take the index finger of your dominant hand on that white it out or blacked out screen write the lessons connected to this experience. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go you may notice feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen just keep writing that screen will scroll like and on a limited right. When my wife does this she writes for 40 minutes at a time.

I feel like she's writing. War and. Peace. But when she's done it's clear.

So. However long it takes even if. I'm moving on to the. Next phase of the process and you're still writing just keep going you own this you got this as the feelings come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them.

Saul dissolved and resolved from. The. Body. Soul dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right.

Reasons once you've got that notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes your unconscious mind and your hands begin to physically manipulate that square until it's completely the size of a postage stamp or it's the size of the. The. Horizon notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as the unconscious mind begins the process of moving and migrating that picture up over the top of your head back. Beyond the.

Horizon just like. I'm doing you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail back there for all eternity if possible come back. But you know it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead scan your body and notice how different you feel let the process and the changes lock in for. Alvey what do.

I mean by lessons every experience that we encounter has things it has to teach us positive or negative okay. Write those lessons on the screen. So your neurology knows you're preserving it and it's willing to let everything else go it can even be things you're never going to do again. DMX.

C says number one. NLP heart very cool right. This is called. The.

Magic. Frame it is one of the single most powerful and most important rapid change techniques that you can learn we're going to do this one more time for those of you uh. But before we do uh. I just want to remind everybody once again that uh the timer is running on today's offer um for the identity by.

Design home study course hold on a. Second. So. I want to make sure everybody has a chance to go ahead and click that link once again someday we'll get all of our all of our different uh platforms synchronized.

So. I can only only have one dashboard to play with. So once again our our whole package today is worth 18 729 you can get it all for the low investment of 14.97 or four easy payments of just 397 each it includes the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction home study course uh valued at 1997 the vibrational influence. UK special edition valued at two thousand 497 dollars the vibrational healing home study course 2497 value we're going to give you those two for free the sequence of. Personality transformation home study course two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give that to you pre um in laws of the soulmate. Secrets.

Master. Class 1997 value we're going to give that to you free the. NLP. Mastermind.

Practice. Group 1597 value we're going to give that to you free the attraction. Mastery four day intensive two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're gonna give that to you for free and of course you get that free. VIP ticket to the identity by.

Design live five-day hypnosis certification boot camp here in. San. Diego. California.

March 23rd through the 28th. I believe it's at three thousand one hundred and fifty dollar value it does not expire you can use it for any identity by. Design training if you can't make this one uh all you got to do to get yours is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com [Music] forward slash h-l-o-a that's www.davidsnidermlp.com forward slash h-l-o-a and for some reason my link is not showing up okay. Not sure why that didn't go through when.

I when. I pasted it. But that's all right. All right.

Let's get back to um our training and we'll stop that okay. So now you have a choice. Holly if he says can my lesson be something to the effect of overcoming the problem yes. Whatever here's the secret here's a secret to this and.

I'll be raises a good point what do. I write on the screen whatever comes up the important thing to remember about your oh and this is again one of the problems that psychology has kind of left us with psychology has led us to believe that in order to clear something we have to consciously know what it is and understand it that actually is not the case in many in in many situations in fact sometimes you act you actually get deeper change faster when you don't consciously know what the problem is okay. What really is important is that you can isolate the feeling in your body and use what we call uh cortical cortical activation to light up your entire neurology with information related to that for those of you who do any kind of trauma work in the trauma world there is a phenomena known that that happens when a person has a trauma. But they can't put a name to it or if they can't put a name to the feeling and uh in the work the body keeps the score by basil vanderkolk he talks about a phenomenon known as.

Alexa thymia right. And the theory behind that is is that if you can't put a name to something you can't process it well the way around that is is if you can isolate the body feeling what's happened is you've actually found the holographic node where all the different aspects of that that trauma are reconstituted and expressed if. I if. I isolate that feeling and.

Then turn it into a color whether. I can name it or not my neurology can now process it if. I turn it into a smell a sound a taste or a fee my body can now process it if. I do all of them.

I get a synergistic effect where the hole is greater than the sum of the parts. I could. I could talk about why this works or how it circumvents classical approaches till we're blue in the face. But at the end of the day you're here to change and learn how to change you don't need to know why if it doesn't work right.

But if it does work that's really all people care about okay. So. Ali says when. I imagine the problems.

I always get scared and. Shrink away quick to run away from it. So. Alvey if you've got some and again if that's what's happening you're probably not working on a level one or two like.

I told you to do. So what you need to do and this is for anybody else who's taking on. Godzilla right. Now when.

I told you to be working on. Bambi point to where you feel it trace the outline of the picture with both of your hands and now physically push it away from you and. Then shrink it down and what you'll notice is that the intensity of the problem starts to diminish it's literally like taking the volume knob and turning it down okay. Once it reaches an intensity level that you can deal with now we do the.

Next pieces all right. It's actually you know. I used to. I saw this all the time when.

I was dealing with people uh who were like on the. Asperger's. Spectrum or slightly on the autistic. Spectrum um when you when you ask them to point to where they felt it and trace the outline of it the pictures they made were always this right.

Here and they were this big that is the neuro energetics of overwhelm. So if we actually elicit that data and move it away from us the intensity starts to go down the only thing that the only challenge the only thing that happened that you need to focus on there is how many times you have to push it away before it locks into the new change. But anything that you can point to you can change okay. So if you're if you're dealing with.

Godzilla shrink that down and move it away from you before you start doing the process and it'll be much easier to deal with kind of like when. I had you take something that was a level one shrink it down and move it over and made it bigger didn't bother you near as much you guys noticed when we did that right. It's the same idea you are now learning how to run your holographic nervous system and you can use this to get rid of stuff. But you can also use it to put stuff in okay.

It's super powerful right. This is one of the things you have to know and. I have to understand if you want the full system grab grab one of these the identity by. Design uh home study courses you know the whole hidden ultimate manifestation.

Mastery has all this the entire system in it the entire seven stages all the drills all the processes things of that nature we're just going to play with this one right. Now we're going to show you all the different things you can do with it okay. So you guys ready for the. Next one uh.

So. ADHD can it be used for that. I believe it can. I have never personally done it.

But. I think you probably could use it for that yes. Okay. So look.

At your list pick something on that list that you want to change where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is put that big black frame around it find the knob white it out or black it out completely take your magic index finger write it write the lessons and the feelings on the screen keep writing till they're all gone. So you can keep all the lessons let everything else go keep all the lessons let everything else go keep all the lessons and let everything else go now reach up shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp if you're an expander make it as big as the. Horizon if you're a concentrator and notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart you're other than conscious mind begins the process of migrating that image over the top of your head back.

Beyond the. Horizon until it disappears completely below the. Horizon and you know the sound make a sound a hammer makes when it bangs on your when a hammer is banging on a nail foreign back there for all eternity and possible to come back and it's nailed back there for all eternity and possible combat test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead okay. Colleen here's the secret to that if you can't feel it pretend you can and if you could and if you could pretend where you felt it where would you pretend to feel it okay.

Here's the secret to this a lot of times people have extra layers of dissociation locked in there. But if you've ever played pretend as a child it's the same part of your brain that's working. So pretend and work with it okay. Colleen you're not alone there's other people who have similar levels of dissociation it still works you can process it.

Alvey says. I cannot bring it back for some reason once. I've nailed it down far behind me how about that. Alvey as cool as that right.

Here's the secret if you're having any problem with any part of this exercise pretend the same part of you that controls all of these faculties is the same part that played pretend when you were a little baby or when you were a little child says it in the. Bible be as little children you want to engage the imagination okay. I've had people with dissociative identity disorder you have a point to where they feel that it's outside in their body somewhere. Lynn says.

Lynn says it gets easier and more automatic this time with each rep yes. This is my. Second time here and it works even better this time please keep trying yeah here's a secret one of the secrets to this is what we call neuroplasticity the more you do this again you don't gotta believe it. But if you can play pretend you can make the change the only difference is repetitions.

But what happens is the more times you do this the more you start amplifying the inherent neuroplasticity of your system and the easier it is to make more and more changes the magic number by the way this is one of the reasons why we're doing it three times instead of just a classical one or two times the magic number for your neurology to grab hold of anything is three right. You'll learn this in depth when you come to identity by. Design in. March because this is part of our unique training process that makes you.

Unstoppable okay. All right. So that's our magic three questions what did you discover what'd you notice all right. Colleen if you want extra help.

Seth is willing to help you you might want to reach out to him off the webinar and have him guide you through some processes that's actually one of the cooler things about the people in our community is like we're always looking to help people we're always looking to go the extra mile. So if you have extra issues our people can help and you'll be and when after you've had the identity by. Design training you'll be able to do this too with anyone anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason. Len says the three rep principle is.

Magic. Mark says good tingly body feelings thanks you are welcome my friend now your assignment this week is knock everything off your list when you've cleaned off your list start another list start at the ones work down to the tens. Ali. Ali says.

I feel much lighter sis is growing is what's the number again are you talking about this number for. Stephanie that's 858 -282-4663 or if you're asking about the magic number is three three. Reps for any technique you want to be able to have a functional level of understanding okay. Change it.

Colleen. Then change it into a sound or a color and work with that okay. And if that doesn't work reach out to. Seth and we'll do um.

Mark says audio is okay. For me again you have five different cortexes right. Uh. Kathleen.

M says. I use magic frame with clients all the time it's never not worked doc can. I use it to get rid of dumbness sometimes. I'm a bit slow in the head you know um.

Maybe. I don't think there's much you can't change now again the technique requires an ability or willingness to be able to follow the instructions if you can't somehow follow the instructions. Then these techniques won't help you have to have somebody do some uh linguistic. Wizardry to get you to go through them right.

Uh. I don't think there's much like. I said going back to. Alvey.

I don't think there's much you can't change. So geometric says good evening. Dr. Snyder sending blessings blessings back my friend all right.

So we're going to do one more thing with the magic frame now. I want you to think of something that you'd like to manifest think of something that you'd like to manifest okay. Now this is where it gets interesting. I want you to actually close your eyes.

And imagine what that would be like imagine what it would be like to have that thing see what you'd be seeing hear what you'd be hearing smell and taste what you smell and you taste. I want. I call this your alternate reality movie or your. Steven.

Spielberg moment. I want you to make an alternate reality movie where you have everything you need to have the thing you want to manifest see what you see hear what you hear smell and taste what you smell and you taste okay. Now what. I want you to do is close your eyes.

And. I want you to watch that movie not once not twice. But over and over and over again hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times stronger a hundred times more powerful a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before until it overwrites and replaces every experience you had before and.

Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger. I want you to notice as you live that movie make it big like an. IMAX crystal clear turn up the sound the smells. The.

Taste the feelings best life ever and as you do that. I want you to notice there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow and where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that amazing feeling a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is now leave that there for a moment bring your mind back to your body where that wonderful feeling begins to grow and emanate from and notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color colors might that be for you. First impression whatever it is imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of manifestation energy a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all hesitations all hindrances or blocks real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you know you've got it test it try to turn it off try to make it go away and notice what happens instead when you've done that type done in the chat excellent. Gary's dead done. Len says done. George says done now he says done.

Perfect all right. Part two clear your mind now what. I want you to do is. I want you to think of something that you are absolutely 100 percent is certain is going to happen tomorrow maybe it's going to be that the sun's going to come up tomorrow maybe it's going to be that you're going to wake up tomorrow maybe it's um.

I don't know make it something simple point to where you feel that that feeling of certainty. Reach. Out. And.

Touch that picture okay. Now. I want you to imagine if there were a place around your body where you stored things that were 100 going to happen just like the sun is going to come up tomorrow if it's not that exact location where you. First pointed wear them in your body would it be take a moment and point to it when you've got that go ahead and type done in the chat good now.

I want you to fill that remember that manifestation color the thing you wanted fill the room with it again wrap it around you breathe it through your body when you're completely filled with it. Reach. Out. And.

Touch the picture of the thing you just that connected to that color shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp move it to the location where things are absolutely going to manifest with a hundred percent certainty expand it as big as you can if you're an expander concentrated as small as you need to if you're a concentrator you following me now take the index finger of your dominant hand and. I want you to write down on that expanded screen and glowing golden letters uh what um. I'm going to give you a very powerful process. I now.

Manifest this because fill in the blank. I now deserve this because. I now. Manifest this immediately because my brain will.

Manifest this because fill in the blank write them on the screen and just keep writing until you've got at least 10 things written on that screen for why this is true for you when you're done type done in the chat it shifted the spot as. I shifted the spot moved okay. Is that a good thing move it in there expand it write the lessons and tell me what happens in your body when you do that. Alvey it can be 10 10 responses or it can be just the same one 10 times.

Alana says done. Christopher's energized it's difficult to place the. First scene okay. Then you probably have something you need to clear before you're ready to have that okay.

Gary is that dominant thought came up is that a good thing oh okay. We'll clear it okay. Did anybody have something come up that that needed to be cleared going to where you feel it reach out touch the picture frame it wait it out write the lesson shrink it down move it behind you knock it out not nail it back there. Mary says feel confident very good foreign yes.

Here's here's the here's the sneaky trick. I just pulled on you when you write something. I now deserve. X because that actually triggers the unconscious reasons to come up that you'll actually you'll actually act upon okay.

You'll learn about it in the hidden. Laws of. Attraction uh home study course it's called it's part it's part of the information training. But you've basically just done the exact thing you've you when you've actually got rid of the stuff you just did the opposite creating something you wanted maximizing the power embodying the connection writing the reasons why it's going to manifest for you and put it in the place where things have to manifest now one of the other things.

I do with my my in-laws of. Attraction students is. I haven't actually make it even bigger and turn it transparent and and turn it into like a windshield like a windscreen on your car. So as you're moving through the world you see everything through that that particular lens.

But that's not necessary for this training this is the again we're utilizing the different aspects of your holographic nervous system uh the information training like a. HUD yes. Very much okay. Remember human beings always create technology that mirrors what we do with our neurology what came.

First the technology or your nervous system that's right. Your nervous system. So that's why we call these interfaces intuitive okay. So what happens when you do that boom.

David says very good teaching thank you. David kind of like your name dude all right. All right. All right.

Last call for those of you on the fence about the hidden. Laws of. Attraction uh. Len says it changed how.

I felt about it is that a good thing man is that a good thing you changed how you felt about it absolutely for sure right. You see for every reason our. Here's the the. The.

Meta perspective for every reason our neurology comes up with for not getting something it can generate an alternate reason for why we deserve to have it or why we can get it you just have to ask the right. Question okay. Right. Yeah and it is unbelievably easy to do and it's effective.

But it took. Us two two thousand years to figure it out right. It's kind of like your cell phone right. It's great now.

But it took. Us hundreds of years of trial and error to to get to that point where we oh this we can just do it this way right. Now there's more there's a lot more to the system. But.

I'm giving you some of the the few pieces that you can just put into action right. Away based on the proprioceptive grid technology the holographic memory system um. The. Magic.

Frame concept and a little bit of the information technology all of it's in your hidden. Laws of. Attraction home study course you'll be learned you'll learn every single. Nuance that there is to the system you'll have the complete system from.

Soup. To. Nuts and you'll be able to write your own ticket right. So if you're ready.

Then by all means go ahead and click that link um www.nlp power.davistnerenlp.com forward slash hloa let me put that link up there one more time apparently. I must have. I must have cut and pasted something that didn't want to be cut and pasted. So please get one of the.

Last few remaining seats they are going quick. I just heard from our people there's only a few slots left. So if you go ahead and click that link you'll qualify for the fast action bonuses if you wait until tomorrow to do it you will not get the. VIP ticket you will not get the attraction.

Mastery uh four day intensives you will not get um you will not get the. Mastermind archives okay. Um. Melissa says done as soon as.

I finished a piece of firewood dropped and made a lot very good can you use this to manifest. Better. Health yes. Okay.

In fact what one of the things you'll learn very very quickly um as a byproduct of the identity by. Design training is you'll be able to. Target all of your health problems and dissolve the psycho-emotional and energetic components of it very very quickly um. I found very and.

I'm being. I'm being completely honest with you not every nothing works for everybody. But um more things work with this than don't there's a lot of things. I've never tested.

But the truth is is that this thing puts a dent in just about everything you throw it at provided you can follow the instructions right. And we give you everything you need to be unstoppable with this. So if you're really serious about leveling up in every aspect of your life. I really really encourage you to click that link it's only one installment of 1497 it'll change your life forever you have a 60-day uh.

No. Holds. Barred money back guarantee if it doesn't work pick up the phone tell us let us help you through the sticking points if you still can't get it to work we'll give you a full refund. But you're going to lose your chance if you don't do it right.

Now www.davidsniderenlp.com forward slash hloa it would now be a good time to level up and change your life right. Www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa all right. Last call you have any questions before. I disappear into the ethers tonight was a long class.

I hope you got value from it if you like this training please like and share it to as many different people that you think can benefit from it by all means keep working your bucket lists keep using your your magic frame get your hands on the rest of the identity by. Design. Silo and all the other manifestation techniques in the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction ultimate manifestation home study course and please post your success stories let us know how this helped you if you have questions post those right. We love you all this is. Dr. David signing off good night and.

God bless.
