Title: Success Wealth Health and Happiness - Super Surprise AMA With Dr. David
File Name: lUgUVnp55Gc.txt
Video Id: lUgUVnp55Gc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUgUVnp55Gc

Hello hello hello my friends hello hello hello my friends happy thoughts as hi hello milan how are you there's susie sherman from upstate new york push-ups for life says hi mate hi back how are you all doing this wonderful hump day night hey paresh how you doing hello how are you hold on a. Second we gotta there's susie sherman from upstate new york push-ups for life says how are you all doing this wonderful. So hopefully there's no. Feedback i had i have a lot of video coming at me from the other ones.

So what's up with everybody tonight is uh everybody staying uh warm and cozy where they're at hey jeanette. So good to see you too kazzy how you doing tracy good. So uh what's going on i'm i had some time you know the kids are doing their chinese classes right. Now with uh with the wife and uh.

So i've been feeling like really like i wanted to reach out and connect and kind of hang out and maybe answer some questions or talk about cool for people who want to do cool stuff. So um i don't know how long i will be on today i may have to duck out really quick just because you know family and stuff. But is the zoom link available for members um if people want the zoom link i can probably dig it up um. But um of course the zoom link is always available it's just if you want to if you want to interact i try to when i do the amas i try to keep everything as as as confined to the chat box as possible uh simply because when you got 50 people all trying to talk at once or asking questions or whatever um it can it can get a little crazy which i don't mind um susie sermon says i love your content susie says we're staying warm perfect jeanette in australia it is thursday afternoon and it's 3 15. wow excellent.

So do you guys have anything you want to know about anything you want to talk about what would now be a good time still wearing vest yes. I'm wearing one of my uh my puffy vests i'm wonderfully consistent am i not hannah is this hannah weinshank out of uh israel excellent robbie indiana big festival today makara sakarante it's thursday 9 45 a.m wow i'm getting ready to put my kids to bed you guys are just getting started right. So hey quick question how many of you have heard of this thing called clubhouse if you if you've heard of clubhouse go ahead and type it in the chat hopefully i don't get banned from mentioning another social media platform on youtube. But jose manuel arreola says do you know anything about magic squares maybe uh well oswald says love paresh says no.

Sorry robbie says no. Okay. It's the latest it's the it's the latest thing you know. First it was snapchat.

Then it was uh what's what was that one that came around. Anyway i don't think it's yeah it's a it's it's a chat based uh social media platform. But basically a bunch of people get together and they just swap stories share value things of that nature um a lot of the new a lot of the social media influencers are are looking for ways to use that to build their audience and things of that nature i've been observing it uh i got it it's an invite-only thing. So it's like it really taps into that that fear of being left out or fear of missing out instinct that we all have which is going to be one of the reasons that it grows.

But i think i think i'm still not 100 percent sure which way this one's gonna go. So i'm playing with it and i'm doing some free content delivery uh on clubhouse. So if you do get an invite and uh and you wanna participate if you wanna follow me on on on clubhouse uh i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna spend a month or two um just creating rooms and and teaching stuff and sharing information and things of that nature. So if if you're interested in finding more excuses to hang out see if you can wrangle a club i don't have any more invites i gave all mine out.

But if you know people um if when you sign on the clubhouse you can follow me just type in david snyder nlp and i should show up robbie says i'm a motivational speaker. But at the very start of my career how can i connect with you and make you a mentor you just did you know mentorship has different levels to it and you have to you work with whatever resources you have at whatever level you're comfortable with. So a lot of people consider me even though i've never personally met them we have a virtual relationship a lot of people consider me their mentor. But everybody has you know there's an orbit you know if this is me you have these the the the inner circles and.

Then the the not. So and and. Then it just keeps kind of spiraling outward right. And all of you on youtube who who find value in the content that i teach and and and that we we've refined um to some degree you can consider me your mentor you know the question is how how deep of that relationship do you do you really want to have right.

Uh people there you there was a time when people could just pick up the phone and talk to me for an hour now it's like getting getting time with me is is like literally like winning the lottery. So um it's and it's because of how many people we've helped and how many people we've guided to become successful in the content that we've shared. But you're all my mentees you're all my students uh and my friends and my family um regardless of what level of intimacy you're enjoying you know spirit angel says you're amazing well thank you thank you for that and i i really appreciate the love you know uh pink pleasure says i've heard of it. But i haven't entered yeah there's there's a bunch of limiters on on this uh jeanette says yes.

I consider you my mentor thank you jeanette i'll do my best to live up to that that responsibility um yeah i'm not sure about it i'm not sure about it i was torn you know because i'm i'm technically now i'm on three i'm on three social media platforms uh actively uh the most active i am right. Now is is on on youtube here you are my my primary audience i follow very closely by my facebook. Followers i do have an instagram account. So if you want to find me on instagram you're more than welcome to do that although i gotta be honest i don't spend as much time there it's it's just not it's not the best way to deliver content that i think is important for you to have it's a nice little roundabout way of doing things and there's a lot of people who swear by you know the the whole instagram and all these other things.

But um. So far to me facebook. And youtube have been the best way to to really kind of connect with you aside from live events which i really want to see all of you um in my audience and working with me personally at some point if not in the near future in in in the not too distant future you know uh we're going to continue to host live events we're going to continue to move to the places where people can get to and we can really you know lift your skill sets up right. Let me see here hannah says i used to watch your content a lot and you got me into hypnosis cool and i got if this is the same hannah i'm thinking of i also got you into face reading didn't i right.

Um well oswald says perhaps mentos i don't know what that means. Anyway pierre says definitely consider david to be my mentor had fun diamond membership session looking forward to saturday yeah we have another mastermind for those of you who are interested in in participating with us pardon me while i adjust my camera a little bit i got to find that happy spot where i don't have to adjust my camera every time i sit up or stand down or stand up or sit down for those of you who are interested in you know rolling up your sleeves and getting some hands-on mentoring and things of that nature even in a virtual format. But you want to be able to work with people and stuff i encourage you to uh to upgrade to our diamond level and you'll be able to participate this weekend in our four-hour hands-on mentoring session uh for those of you who don't know oh hannah says she was a bit turned off by face reading oh hey hey darla how you doing sweetie good to see you again um i bet there's a story there hannah i would love to hear what happened um. But uh.

Anyway squirrel. Anyway um. So yeah. So those of you who want to do some hands-on work and things of that nature thinking about seriously upgrading to our diamond uh youtube membership level and uh check out the archives and things of that nature and uh if you have specific skills and for those of you who don't know how the mastermind works basically what happens is it's on it's 11 a.m pacific time uh to 4 p.m pacific time now sometimes because of the number of people we have now sometimes we run a little bit over uh ankita's asking me about eft put a pin in that for just a moment and kit and i will i will talk a little bit about my thoughts on eft um.

So basically the way the mastermind works is on the. Third saturday of every month i people come in in this case virtually. But it used to be in person and it will be once again uh once once the whole vaccine is out and pandemics are overrescued i literally go around and say what do you want to learn nicholas what do you want ankit what are you going to learn happy thoughts what do you want to learn darla what do you want to learn hannah what do you learn ravi what do you want to learn perish what do you want to learn jamie what do you want to learn and i literally write everything you ask about on the board and. Then when everybody's done i look.

At everything people have asked about i find the connecting threads and. Then for the. Next four hours i create a curriculum and i drill you on those skill sets uh for those four hours to the best of our ability until you can do them in your sleep now what's happening for us i'll be honest we have to limit how many people we have in the diamond uh level now because we're getting to the point now where just to get around to everybody's questions takes me almost an hour and um i'm i'm used to doing smaller groups where i had 15 to 20 people and i could just zip right. Through it and uh and just really you know spend a lot of time on uh on the hands-on side of things and.

So we're gonna have to start limiting how many people are actually allowed to be in that group at any given moment we haven't put the we haven't shut the gates on it yet. So if it's something you want we're not going to kick anybody out who's already in it. But if it's something you want if you want the ability to work with me and get feedback from me and work with people who have you know similar desires and interests and things of that nature i encourage you to uh to consider at least test driving the platinum the diamond level and see if that's something that you're interested in let's see here um real quick about um my thoughts on eft the science are the studies behind eft demonstrate that it is effective you know better than average or better than random okay. Or better than placebo um my personal experiences with eft have not been all that great um i have not seen the degree of change in the clients i've used it with um compared to the technologies that we do you know i i lovingly make.

But i also fully recognize that there's a lot of people who swore up and down by eft that's a huge part of their practice and their whether it's personal development practice or working with code with clients and and and patients and things of that nature it has just never delivered the results that i demand in my world for me and my clients and. So we don't we don't do it i know it i've been i was one of the. First people to ever learn it back when gary craig was still giving it away for free and everything like that um. But i've never seen it produce the same results as color breathing or spinning or magic frame and especially not in the with the scope and the time frame.

So that has been my personal experience i i'm not i can i can only talk about my personal experience um certainly other people's mileage may vary and if you're one of the people who promotes eft like you know there's some people out there i won't mention their names. But uh there's really high level people out there in the eft world who are supposedly doing some really really good work i've just never seen it in front of me. So i hope that answers your question let's see jeannette says i am determined to save my money. So i can be a member and pay for one of your courses cool purish says i hope the people who are already diamond members are safe yes.

You are uh jelena says i found you yesterday i've uh i mean let me move my chat over here. So i can actually appear to look. At the camera uh julia says jelena hanson says i found you yesterday i've been here i've i've hear your videos all day today. So i love your passion about teaching you are amazing and slow because english is not my.

First language i i apologize for those of you who are not native english speakers i i am a naturally fast talker and i tend to drive um non-english speakers or or not native english speakers absolutely crazy when i. First went to israel to teach it was my. First time this was back in 2012 teaching to uh an audience who's who while they were really good at english they uh it wasn't it was a it was a it was not my native audience and. So i had to really i kept getting asked can you slow down can you repeat that can you slow down it was a nightmare for me um i loved the people i loved i loved what i was doing.

But it was a really a bit of a culture shock to me in a good way that i needed to learn to speak slower and um i couldn't you know it was just it was something i didn't i didn't know i had to do you know um. So do that for what it is um let's see here uh happy cloud says can you give us some self-help for some help for self-validation love your work the only reason i ask is because you're a great teacher okay. What is the name of the legal book. You described in a video written by two lawyers it's called reptile it was by don keenan and david ball let me put that in the chat for you reptile john keenan and david wall now for those of you who are into self or who want to know about self validation this is.

So i'm going to tell you a little a real quick story when i turned uh the day i turned 21 years old i moved to pompano. Beach florida and i moved to florida with 300 dollars in my pocket a bunch of boxes and a train ticket and i i i i rented a room from my grandfather who charged me 300 i think it was a month or something like that to to live with him and i got a job part-time working at a tom mccann shoe store and that was the. First job i ever had in florida i just turned 21 and i realized that and i had no. By the way at that time i did not have any college at all i barely graduated high school um and i my job i was the the i was the al bundy before married with children came out and i realized that i needed something to build myself up now the word we use now is self-validation.

But i needed something to remind me that i wasn't hopeless that i wasn't a loser and. So what i did is i i went to the local walgreens or whatever it was and i bought this cheap one dollar uh spiral ring notebook. You know the ones that have the cardboard boxes you know cardboard front and they have the line papers like 50 60 pages of line paper in there or something like that and i got a pen and i wrote on the on the cover of that of that notebook. I wrote my success book.

And what i started to do is i just started to go back through as far back as i could remember and i started to to record in writing every single good thing i'd ever done every single time i was victorious or i was successful or i achieved something whether it was learning to tie my shoes learn to wipe my butt for the. First time whether it was the. First time that i won a role in a school play whether it was the. First time you know i won a blue ribbon at one of the school events just little things and i would just write them and every day if i could remember where i wrote if something good happened to that day and i scored a win that day i would write it in my book.

And i would only write things that were were moments of me winning moments of me being successful and even when there were days when life was was shitty or nothing good happened i would read that book. Every night before i went to bed and each time i did i was reminded of all the times in my life where i won where i was a winner and over time. First of all the bringing up and the writing of it created a record of successes in my life that most of us don't don't do we tend to focus on all the that went bad more. So than reliving every and and building on the things that where we want and there's a lot of things that if there's if they're you know we don't consider learning to flip on a light switch a win.

But it is a moment of learning it's a moment where there was something you didn't know how to do before that now you do right. And these are all very powerful resources and building blocks for us. So this was my. First i won't say it's my.

First um journey into personal development because i've gone through a very intensive sales training course um i was created by w clement stone i was a fan of tony robbins and nlp at the time. But i didn't have anywhere near the resources or the the the ability to get the higher level trainings that i eventually did and. So i started with where i was at little notebook. And all i wanted to do was codify in my mind and in my heart every good thing i'd ever done every good thing i'd ever i'd ever achieved and that that book.

Probably changed the course of my life because within you know i started as a part-timer uh with that company and within two years i was the manager of a million-dollar uh retail unit i was actually being invited to other stores to teach sales tactics i was the number three salesman i was always in the top three salesmen in my entire district and i was the number one accessory salesman in my district every single week um and. So i took. I took. The the building blocks that i had and i used them for fuel.

So to speak. So when we talk about self-validation we need to start to examine our life and look. Only for the things that we did well only for the things that weren't right. That that were good in our lives because when we start to reactivate and revivify and refocus those things and we couple it with our state control you know posture and breathing and all of those things uh and our chemical process begins and and i didn't have the techniques that that i'm sharing with you now that have these deep powerful rapid transformational uh phenomena within you i i had to do it the really heart like the old old old school way right.

Um and i think there's a lot of benefit to that i think there's a lot of value to that because as much as we have these awesome technologies for transforming and getting rid of blocks to success and things of that nature i think there's a lot of value in examining our life and and codifying creating a record of all the the cool things about us that we can go and we can read now this is a little bit different than what most people do with journaling what's happened in their life their thoughts their feelings early that wasn't what i did all i wanted to do was write down in a way that that triggered the memory in me all the good things i've had i experienced or i'd accomplished and and to me i think that was that was a very that was the closest to actual journaling i'd ever gotten and i think it really did make a difference. So in terms of validation that's where i would start start by you know again reviewing your life and looking for things right. Um ks says i'm an ef hold on a. Second uh ks says i'm an eft practitioner and up and uh eft combined with nlp is powerful yes.

Absolutely uh let's see here emmanuel lewis says metaphorically i don't know context for that let's see here what is the best book. To learn nlp for a newbie you know i like john o'connor's books a lot um a lot of people swear by richard's most recent book. The insider um the beginner's guide to nlp or something like that i'll have to look. It up um.

But i like the i like i originally liked the books by uh by john o'connor nlp for business was especially good for me um see here qazi price says hi i just recently found your channel on youtube love your content i'm a 3d animator and i find your videos very beneficial for helping me read more people cool straw srafez says hello dr schneider are you doing any particular occult path working right. Now no. [Laughter] i'm always doing something stravis i don't like to use that word occult. So much because it has such a stigma connected to it.

But yes. I'm doing a lot of spiritual and magical manifesting processes to kind of take myself to the. Next level and it's a very eclectic path although it's all based in hermetics michael mcintosh is asking different ways for different trains of thought artists use different tools to still produce art different visual framing techniques okay. I don't think there's a question there daniel thibeault i find that the same issue having to lower my own frequency to connect with people.

Then slowly amp up okay. There's no. Question there i'm looking for the questions guys uh hey david i once heard you say that women are attracted to dominant alpha males can you talk a little bit about that thanks i always appreciate your time and hard work yes. Let me go let me jump through a few questions and.

Then i'll see if i can circle back and talk about that a little bit paleocortex driven types reptilian theme yes. Nicholas nicholas nelson nelms over holtzer i'm a caregiver for my friend who is 30 years old it's as if she's dying of old age and brain death and we've been to over 30 doctors and nobody's been able to help is there anything you can do i do not know um i won't know until unless i do a consultation with her and see how responsive she is to the different uh procedures that we do we we believe that we have the capacity to help everyone at the right. Time in their life the question is if they're a good candidate at that moment and i've had i've had to turn away some really strong cases or some really deep level cases primarily because they couldn't they couldn't respond to the the suggestions and the commands the way i needed them to to be able to get the work done uh and unfortunately that's that's often the case is that sometimes uh other things need to be done before their big the the patient of the client themselves is at a level they can respond to the things i'm i'm doing uh michael mcintosh let's you know before i get too further let me let me go ahead and talk about um dominant alpha males there are five basic characteristics that a positive alpha male uh should embody. First one is a sense of mental toughness or strength okay.

These are people who have the ability to stand up and and speak their mind um to handle setbacks and to be relentless in their ability to get what they want in their life to they see a goal they go for it and that okay. The. Second one of course is relentlessness uh the. Third one is a sense of adventure uh people who are naturally attractive to females men specifically have a sense of adventure about them um they they even if they're accountants they do things that are exciting they they create social groups that they lead they they are they are leaders in their world in some way in pretty much every aspect of their life.

But they demonstrate that through their words and through their actions and through their activities they don't necessarily court or kowtow to people to be part of an in-group they kind of create a life that's satisfying and thrilling and fulfilling for them and because people see them having such a good time going on these adventures they magnetize people who want to be part of that. So adventurous relentless mentally tough or and relent and strength they tend to be assertive or dominant which means that they take charge they they don't try to dominate other people they they just take charge of a situation and they do it in such a way that doesn't alienate people. So they are you know you can tell this is a person who's in control of themselves and doesn't seek to control others people just naturally um kind of follow their lead because he seems to he or she seems to know what they're doing right. Um and.

Then. Finally um one of the things you'll see that that tends to be almost like catnip for the average attractive alpha male is this witty sense of sin this cynical sense of wittiness that they carry about them you know if you think of people like uh james bond or or han solo or captain jack sparrow they're always making these little ones they always have these little one-liners or they have this cynical sense of of i call it street wiseness to them um and they and they espouse that um a lot of the people in the in the old seduction communities who will pick up communities used to call this cocky funny right. Um a problem was is that most people have. So most people in that industry are in that in that community had such poor state control that they wanted being more than fun.

So uh really fist spent a lot of time on developing a a funny quirky witty sense of humor um and and you'll find that you'll you'll be able to radiate a very strong aura of charisma um when you move through the world. So these are the five core characteristics that all romantic heroes have in common and the only thing that really separates or differentiates them is the proportions of one to another. But if you go back and you review all the romantic literature all the con all the heroes of modern television and go all the way back to the very beginning of television in this in this in the world you'll see these characteristics being demonstrated and by and large uh the women of our society or the feminine oriented people of our society are fed this steady diet of this is what is supposed to be desirable and for look. For an evolutionary perspective it actually is the the problem of course is that there's a lot of negative masculine role models out there who have a lot of similar characteristics or characteristics that mimic these positive ones and those are the people who are going to wind up being the jerks they're going to be the narcissists they're going to be the sociopaths.

So one of the things that that will kind of begin to separate the positives from the negatives is how they express those traits are they demeaning and derogatory are they um are they deceptive these are things that you'll see the negative the negative uh examples of these kinds of people uh expressing right. I think for those of you who are platinum and diamond members uh i did an ama. Last month about um lie detection and how to catch liars cheaters narcissists and other narcissistic a-holes um and i actually went through a whole bunch of characteristics that these people embody right. And many times negative traits through the eyes.

Of attraction will seem to be positive and. So if you if you go back and you reference that video i talk an awful lot about mistaking one for the other. So i hope that kind of gives you a real quick view um what's your thoughts on out-of-body experiences versus prophetic and lucid dreaming just curious um i've had a little bit more experience with prophetic dreaming than i have with lucid dreaming or out of body experiences. But still not as much as as that i would qualify myself as an expert or qualified to talk about those things i have i have students who are very very active in those those disciplines i have not gone deep enough into them that i feel qualified to uh to really talk too much about it though michael klaus says dan was just heading for bed now you come online sorry about that michael you can always catch the replay um grandfire expert says what are the other techniques you found in the book.

Love trances except three magic questions i always seem to up um the rockstar metaframe is just deadly in social interactions if you can pull it off um. So i would recommend you go and you read the read this section where about the lady who become imagine she's like a rock star and everybody's there to see him or her and you'll have some really good state control theodore says me too i was about to fall asleep in god damn universe or the god blessed universe and look. At it okay. Let's see here uh alex p is saying oh wait hold on a.

Second um what do we need to let go of in order to allow the success wealth health and happiness to be imprinted on our reptile brain our neocortex brain or other parts of our brain honestly fear fear is the fear is the mind killer fear is what keeps you stuck fear is what keeps you immobile you need to ramp up your desire to dissolve your fear and take action okay. Uh alex p is asking 10 months sober today congratulations alex that's a huge accomplishment thumbs up everybody give alex a big round of applause right. He's that's a big deal when i'm surrounded by temptation post lockdown what can i do to ensure i don't fall into temptation hiding doesn't count remember a time in your life when you were found the most joyful wonderful experience ever and immerse yourself in it and just stay there for as long as you want to okay. Um hopefully those those those happy experiences don't involve substances.

But that would be the. First thing change your posture change your breathing take a walk get your physical body engaged in your mind actively engaged in something else that you enjoy uh these are going to be saying you know when you're in the middle of a craving it seems like that craving is lasting forever and the truth is they usually. Last less than three minutes. So if you actually take get it and start taking doing physical activity um you start thinking of remembering times in your life when you felt really good you're having a wonderful time and you just immerse yourself in those things you can you can dissolve that there's other you can also spin it you can magic frame it and you can uh color breathe in fact i had one jet one uh student slash patient who was a heroin addict and um he came to identity by design and.

Then he came to nlp and he learned how to do spinning and magic frame and he went into rehab and when he went into rehab uh you know when heroin is one of the most horrible withdrawals that you could have every time he would start to have a withdrawal symptom he would reach in take it out spin it put it back in the symptom would go away and he went through his entire rehab process and withdrawal process just spinning his symptoms away and as far as i know he's still doing really really well. So there are some things that you can do alex right. Off the bat that you know you know how to spin you know how to color breathe you know how to magic frame you've got some very powerful orthodox techniques from planet david. But if you just change your posture get your physical body engaged immerse yourself in a joyful time you'll be able to do all those things okay.

Uh let's see let's see hi david thank you for this ama you are very welcome sumas uh taking new approach podcast says yeah i have all five characteristics and been told that's cool yes. Well the beautiful part is we all male or female we all have these characteristics the question is how dominant or predominant are they in our everyday persona that we present to the world do we move through the world from a place that embodies and and and builds on these characteristics or do they just come out at random moments the people who are truly successful in positively alpha demonstrate this in every aspect of their life to some degree and they radiate it and. So people become magnetized to them because we're des people human beings in as a rule as a as a herd species are looking for leadership they're looking they're not looking to be managed nobody wants to be managed. But they are looking to be led they're looking to raise themselves up or or show somebody who can show them how to become a better version of themselves and.

So these people who embody these traits they tend to be very magnetic people because they're moving through the world living life on their terms and that is extremely extremely inspiring to the people who aren't or who want to do that more. So i encourage you to to really explore those characteristics use like the identity by design processes that we teach and build on those characteristics inside of you because outside of the dating and mating context those five characteristics are actually hardcore success traits and attributes. So whether you're male or female if you take on more of these qualities for yourself you'll be successful in your romantic life you'll be successful in your business life your professional life your social life play pretty much everywhere and. So they're worth cultivating and expressed positively let's see here let's see here michael says i found physical exertion brings on the most vivid dream states like indian challenges yes.

Happy thought said did you mention to change your breathing and posture yes. I did. But usually getting doing some kind of physical activity will do that as well cynthia holly says i'm with michael off to bed well that'll hold all right. Hey for those of you who are on clubhouse that new social media platform if you guys if you guys log on could you guys follow me just.

So we can get together and hang out and talk i'd appreciate that could you do that with an alcoholic yes. Yeah i don't think it really matters what the addiction is i think it just matters uh your willingness to engage in the process let's see here mr a you got a ugo don't know what that is i uh okay. I have no. Idea that's that's not directed at me uh some of these conversations are not directed at me.

So i'm having to sort through them uh let's see here um vet venom says uh when i get paid i'm coming straight to you cool um let's see here everyone has an ego i'm just experienced you know the ego gets a bad rap no. I'm going to tell you i'm going to be really upfront with you no. Level of success is attainable without a strong healthy ego you just have to be able to manage that ego um. So the pro what we see are the people who give ego a bad name who let their ego manage them rather than managing their own ego you need a strong sense of self a strong sense of deservingness to move forward in life i'm going to have to jump off really soon because the kids are getting ready for bed and they're going to want me to kiss them good night.

But uh i might jump on um either clubhouse or um i'll probably get back on youtube tonight. But i wanted to spend some time um just kind of hanging out and sharing erica says i could not hear you hold on a. Second um what should i check out specifically right. Now just follow me on youtube um let's see here tournament versus pair bonding species make a difference i'm not sure what that means what's my clubhouse it's david snyder nlp that's what that's all i i just i don't have any clubs right.

Now uh i'm still trying to fork out the platform and see if it's actually worth my time to do and the more of you that are on there the more fun i'm going to have and if i'm having fun i'll stay on it if i'm not having fun i'm going to quit. So that's kind of my one of my rules in life if it's not fun for me i'm not doing it same question about clubhouse can you talk about money mindset how to develop positive connections with it um what's interesting is i just did a full uh three hour ama on money magnet mastery for this month's ama live and. Next monday i'll be doing part two of that. So if you're a a platinum member you can sit in and we can go over that mindset stuff and you can go back and review the actual video we did.

Last month or. Last week um i'm i would i would love to go over some mindset stuff unfortunately i don't think with my kids getting ready for bed i'm gonna have the time. But i will promise to talk about it more within the. Next week or.

So. So live thank you for that question and i will uh do my best to to live up to fulfill that um to fulfill that breath for those of you who asked a question and didn't get it answered or it went by here's what i want you to do i always go back and read the comments of my videos. So if you had a question that i didn't get to i didn't see it or what have you right. You know whatever when the live version of this video when the when the replay of this video goes active on youtube just go to the comment section for the video and after you like and share it type in the question you didn't get the answer to or the.

Next level to your question and i will type an answer in the chat box for you. So that you can get uh the i. So at least if if i can't answer your question succinctly i'll point you in the direction of what content or resources to access uh for that okay. Let's see here any tips for online dating yes.

Focus on having fun with the people if you're not having fun online you're not going to have fun offline and transition from an off transition from an online format to a phone conversation a clubhouse perform station something where you can dialogue in real time stop passing emails back and forth create comfort create create desire create interest and. Then get face to face um or voice to voice in some way okay. Let's see here um to answer what some person's asking if they can change their dick size through hypnosis yeah you can um i would recommend you check out wendy friesen's work on penis enlargement and here's my daughter sophia who's getting ready for bed and here's my other one come here kasia this is kasia ow bye she's the one that's going to be a teenager soon. Anyway um hold on a.

Second all right. As you can see uh the family needs me. So um no. We don't okay.

So let's see here do i wear a vest to sleep sometimes if it's cold i do what is the platinum the platinum is a uh it's the middle level of membership in our in our youtube subscriber uh program and it gives you two live ask me anything private ask me anything a month and it gives you full access to our mastermind video content for the. Last 10 years we're always uploading and uh and. Then the diamond level gives you access to the mastermind mentoring group where you actually get to work in real time with me through a video chat kind of a section. So hopefully that helps appreciate it thank you guys appreciate you guys right.

Thank you erica she is cute and she knows it that's the problem right. Um. So that being said hey it's uh it's 8 56 where i'm at it's it's uh kids go to bed at nine and uh i wanna thank you all for hanging out spending a little brief time with me please like and share um this video uh if you're already on clubhouse or you have invites and uh you would like to join clubhouse i would encourage people who are here to like and share their invites with people on the channel if you know them if you trust them and let's see what we can do with this platform if it works for us cool we'll keep it as another way to get together and connect and communicate verbally right. If it doesn't work out well we still have our youtube family right.

We still have our facebook. Family. But let's find out what we can do with this thing let's see how we can deepen our relationship and go further that being said good night i love you all god bless have a great night take care.
