Title: Self Hypnosis Secrets - Psychological Secrets - How to Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind
File Name: lUkWWbaC5ww.txt
Video Id: lUkWWbaC5ww
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUkWWbaC5ww

Here's what we're going to do we're going to start with a very quick and easy way to put yourself in trance okay. Now there's two ways we can go about this you can pretend to go into trance or you can remember a time in your life when you were in the deepest juiciest trance state possible okay. Now if you've meditated this should be easy if you've ever um daydreamed and suddenly realized you were daydreaming that'll work too because we're gonna do this in two ways we're gonna we're gonna actually sandwich two very powerful techniques together they're very simple and. Then we're gonna link it to a trigger and we're going to practice that a few times right.

We're not going to do the the the unconscious timing process. But we are going to access a state we're going to link it to a trigger that is unique in other words we we don't want to act like in nlp anchoring for example a lot of times people will anchor something on the arm or they'll answer something on the shoulder or on the ear you want to create a trigger that is not something that's going to be triggered like all the time accidentally moving through the world right. Like if you answer something in the palm of your hand every time you shake somebody's hand you get an orgasm or something that's probably not gonna be the most useful um it'll be distracting and fun as hell. But you know probably won't be the most useful for your professional life right.

Unless your profession happens to be orgasms on command which you can make good money at by the way actually i should probably mention that right. Also let me go ahead and give you my uh my disclaimer that i should have given at the beginning of the event if politically incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offends you probably not the best use of your time as you can see i went with the pirate background it kind of fits my uh my mode of dress today my buddy eric the red international man of mystery is right. Behind me as you can see he's like what foot dude right. All right.

So here's what we're going to do i want you guys and by the way if you're driving because i know a bunch of you are shut the thing off okay. Because if i start going all into hypno. Mode i can't i i can't guarantee your safety all right. If you are listening to this while driving you are doing this.

So at your own risk you should not be participating in this segment or any segment for that matter that requires your phone that uh takes your attention off of what you're doing um. So again. So let's go ahead and close our eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart all i want you to do is relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounds that you hear other than the sounds of my voice or simply the sounds of our natural environment they're not going to disturb you they're not going to distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you remind you reinforce inside your mind and body and soul the fact that you're completely safe that no.

Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter how deep inside your mind and body and soul you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions and obey my commands because you realize that everything i say and everything i do is for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids and i want you to just keep relaxing them relax them more and more and more until they're.

So relaxed that they just don't want to work anymore and when you're satisfied you're convinced they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore all i want you to do is give them a quick test just to be sure and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process when you're satisfied stop testing float that level of relaxation from the top of your head all the way down down down down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart just keep letting go you're doing fantastic now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we've been relaxing your body we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter z with each and every breath you take and each and every beat of your heart starting with the letter z all i want you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them if you will to become smaller darker harder to see turn the volume all the way down down down deeper and deeper down down down perfect now obviously i can't do this for you only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're gone and you're as deeply relaxed in your mind as you are in your body all i want you to do is allow your head to nod with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process drifting dreaming floating smaller darker harder to see fantastic now you can keep relaxing those letters until they're completely gone even beyond this moment if that's what's necessary take all the time for your unconscious now to do what it needs to do to go into the deepest trance humanly possible today now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask we're going to do two more processes back to back to allow you a very powerful very transformational state that we're going to give you access to on demand. So the.

First one i want you to understand is i want you to fly back on the wings of time or if necessary use that powerful imagination and i'm wondering if you might be able to imagine a time in your life when you felt absolutely safe absolutely protected and even if you've never had that use your imagination play for a moment what might a place like that be like what might a place that's. So protective. So nurturing. So nourishing.

So safe. So protective. So forgiving in every conceivable way that no. Negativity of any kind could exist there for even a fraction of a.

Second i'm curious could you imagine what a place like that might be like go ahead nod your head if you can perfect and when you do that i'm curious when you're in that place when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you're truly safe there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel that that's right. And i'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm curious i'm wondering what color colors those might be for you. First impression and whatever they are i want you to imagine a beautiful ball of that energy floating above your head i'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of safety a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all threats all negativity real or imaginable at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that i want you to breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills out the test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead most people notice that it just stays and gets stronger or doesn't go away or they just don't want it to go away and that's fine from this moment forward any time you close your eyes. And take a deep breath in with the intention of going into a very powerful very deep deep deep hypnotic state all you have to do is put your feet flat on the floor make sure you won't be interrupted close your eyes. Imagine a beautiful ball of that safe energy floating above your head fill the entire room with it wrap it around you like an amazing blanket of protection and safety and privacy breathe it through your entire being and each and every time you do this you will go into trance twice as deep as the time before deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart it will simply get more and more and more powerful for you every moment of every day now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to scan your body one more time each and every time you scan your body all i want you to do is scan your body for any place where you're holding on to any form of tightness density or tension these are places where we accumulate stuff that our little body and our the systems in our body have sequestered away until such a time as equipped with the right. Technology guided by the right. Expertise and the right. Intention you can go back inside and tell your neurology what to do with them instead when you find those places breathe that amazing safe energy through each and every one of them notice how those areas begin to melt and dissolve away let it flow in an infinite ever under ever expanding and unlimited supply over and around and through those areas like hot water flowing over an ice cube notice how those areas begin to melt and dissolve away flowing out of your mind out of your body out of your spirit impossible to come back ever again and in their place everything you most need and want and desire instead flows into those spaces deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart and when you know all those spots are completely gone just nod your head to let me know and we'll continue with the.

Next part of our process perfect now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to do something very very interesting i'm going to ask you to fly back on the wings of time to a time when you learn something really really well and really really fast and i don't care if it was something as simple as learning well simple. But not easy as learning to walk whether it was some aspect of school or academia that you just had a knack for maybe you were a math whiz or an english whiz or writing short stories or creativity just came to you like a duck takes to water i want you to fly back on the wings of time to that moment right. Before you realized you were learning right.

Before i want you to notice something that there's a place in your body where those feelings started where they grow and where they spread from i want you to go ahead take a moment follow go with your. First impressions point to where you feel that and what we're gonna do now is we're gonna do something very interesting i want you to notice as you focus on that time when you learn something really really well and that feeling came up that the feeling started in that location and. Then it went somewhere else i want you to follow that feeling to the. Next place in your body and when you follow it to that.

Next place and. Then it moves somewhere else and. Then it moves somewhere else. Then somewhere else and i want you to just follow that feeling as it moves from its point of origin and begins to trace its path its path of deep level rapid learning through your entire being until it comes back to its point of origin and.

Then what i want you to do like a canoe on a river i want you to just follow that flow deeper and deeper and deeper into that stream each repetition each cycle through your body doubling and tripling and amplifying that state bringing it back even stronger than it was that. First time take all the time you need to do as many circuits through that little stream of transformation as you need to and when you know you've got that i want you to go ahead and just nod your head to let me know we'll continue with the. Next part of our process fantastic now i'd like you to know that notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm curious what color or colors those might be for you whatever they are i want you to add those colors to that amazing ball of safe energy floating above your head and once again just like before notice how those feelings in your body begin to shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket transformation and speed learning in this state any information that you're exposed to through your five senses any revelations that generated from inside of you will become indelibly burned at the deepest most powerful most irresistible level of your mind and body and soul wrap that energy around you and when you've got that breathe it through your entire being and feel your entire system mind body and soul coming alive with data acquisition processing and expression abilities doubling and tripling in size and strength doubling and tripling in force and magnitude over and over and over again anytime you close your eyes. With the intention of going into trance with this process blending that safety blending that powerful learning and breathing it through your entire being you will go into this hyper learning state 10 times faster than the time before it'll be 10 times deeper 10 times more effective your neurology will begin to shed will begin to shed its old programs it'll begin to take on these new abilities these new skills your neurology mind body and soul will evolve at an accelerated hyper hyper speed rate the suggestions you give yourself visually mentally verbally auditorily kinesthetically will simply go with the into the deepest level of your mind they'll be accepted and acted upon and expressed in the most organic and effective way for you now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment we're going to do something interesting in a moment not yet. But in just a moment we're going to begin to test this phenomenon in a moment i'm going to count up from one to three as i reach the number three you will merge almost fully and completely out of this state your eyes. Will open you'll be able to see and hear and when i give you the signal you're simply going to close your eyes. Breathe that energy through your body and go 10 times deeper into this amazing state of accelerated suggestibility and learning one feel yourself returning to the broom back to the seat number two almost here almost completely out of trance all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your own other than conscious mind are now ten times more powerful a hundred times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before two almost back to the room and three eyes.

Open noticing how different you feel noticing how different the world may seem from this place now in a moment not yet. But in a moment when you're ready i'm going to count from three to one when i reach the number one you're going to imagine that big ball of energy floating above your head you're going to take a deep breath and close your eyes. Breathe those energies through your entire being go back into this state ten times deeper or even more than the time before three two one all the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still drifting dreaming feeling your mind becoming like an amazing vacuum cleaner for information a voracious desire to learn accept amplify and express any suggestions or directions that you're given the ability to learn and acquire information magnifying amplifying becoming irresistible in every way you become the learning machine you were when you were. First brought into this world able to suck in massive amounts of information process it and express it in a powerful powerful playful curious relentless triumphant way take all the time you need to go even deeper now and deeper when you know you've got that you know it's locked in you can just allow your head to nod with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the.

Next part of our process excellent guys are doing great in a moment i'm going to count from one to three when i reach the number three you will emerge from this process bringing all of this ability into full power with you each and every time you imagine that cloud of safe accelerated learning power you're gonna fall deeper into trance than the time before your neurology is going to evolve at an accelerated rate you're going to assimilate and express information in a way that makes everybody around you super jealous and you feel really really good about yourself one two on the. Next count eyes. Open and three eyes. Open noticing how good you feel perfect in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment i'm gonna count from three to one again you're going to imagine that amazing ball of energy you're going to close your eyes. Deep breath in expand that energy to fill the room wrap it around you breathe it through your body you're going to go in even deeper now 10 times stronger than the time before each and every time you do this your ability to feel safe and powerful and irresistible and accelerated at learning instant learning if need be will simply double triple quadruple in a way that's awesome and makes you feel good about who you are in the life you lead that is my gift to you for being on this particular ama for asking the right. Questions and being willing to do the drills to get the skills one feel i'm sorry three feel that energy building up inside you close those eyes. Breathe in expand that energy to fill the room wrap it around you two all the way down and three all the way down to the very basement of deep deep deep trance today a trance of learning a trance of safety a trance that allows you to do anything you want inside of this space to create the changes either through your words through your actions through your internal pictures and smells and tastes or any combination thereof any information that you receive through the five senses will be processed at an accelerated rate with enhanced comprehension with a deeper level of intuitive and not.

So too intuitive understanding you'll find yourself able to do math better or able to do words better whatever it is you want to do better your unconscious mind will make all the necessary changes. So that that part of your neurology that part of your mind body and soul activates amplifies and accelerates your comprehension and ability to implement that information in the easiest most efficient fastest and effective way possible that's the process this is the foundation it only gets stronger from this moment forward for as long as your heart continues to be for as long as your lungs continue to breathe you are an unstoppable learner you are an engine of transformation information and revelation able to move through the world creating the changes you want in yourself and others the way that you want to by your standards and your definitions now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i want you in your mind to decide if there's any other way you want to be able to trigger this state will it be a key word will it be a gesture that you make or is the color and the breathing simply good enough whatever it is i want you in your mind's eye i call this your stephen spielberg moment i want you to create an alternate reality movie where you see yourself out in the world out in the situations where you really want to use this skill this ability i want you to make those movies of yourself going into that learning state accelerating taking in that information processing it and ex applying it and understanding it instantly or even sooner when you have that movie make it big as a drive-in movie theater screen crystal clear like an imax turn up the sounds the smells the taste the feelings best process ever when you got it watch it over and over again not once not twice. But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition i want you to make it ten times stronger a hundred times more powerful a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced held locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can implement facilitate and express these changes in all ways to give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions head clear mind clear heart clear soul clear thinking feeling acting with self-assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive on the.

Next count on the i'm going to count from one to three as i reach the number three you'll emerge from this process head clear mind clear amplified and learning accelerating and implementing at an increased rate for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe any suggestion that you give yourself unconsciously or directly your unconscious mind will grab onto it will magnetize to it will fertilize and implement that suggestion and grow it into the fruits of your desire in the shortest amount of time possible in the way that allows you to get the life you want the way that you want it simply by following the process consistently number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you the freight train to manifestation the freight train to learning a way to give yourself powerful positive suggestions on your own or if you choose to allow it to be guided by somebody like me or someone else whom you trust deeply number two all of my suggestions all of your suggestions from me to you from you to your own other than conscious mind are now ten times more powerful a hundred times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced held locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can implement facilitate and express these changes in all the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions head clear mind clear soul clear thinking feeling acting with self-assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive and ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel you can take a moment if you want to go ahead and when you're back go ahead and type in the chat how that was for you feedback is the breakfast of champions after all thank you tommy brilliant literally susan says lovely got a lot of bunny chats in here all right. So milan says wow perfect powerful excellent whenever we do any kind of self-work we always want to start by resourcing deepening and compounding okay. The thing about this particular process is that when you do it yourself it will have a slightly different feel because you're not being externally guided. So one of the things that has to happen when you're doing self work is you got to know what you want you got to know what you want okay.

You've got it in fact the vast majority of trans work or the vast majority of suggested work that you want to do should actually be done before you go into trance it's kind of like um when we talk about image cycling okay. We have this big list that we have people prepare right. Well the vast majority of subconscious paul says was great i visually felt my own trigger in my body excellent perfect use this every single day okay. Um for genevieve who has a friend who is um you know having trouble sleeping you could use a very similar process modified for magic bullets to a safe place to a uh have her bring up a time in her life when she had the best sleep ever or she had the most the most amazing power nap of her life because the moment she brings it up and she remembers it you have her point where she feel it you trace it through the body now a lot of people at the.

Last class were asking about an nlp technique called drug of choice that moment where you point to where you feel and you trace the path through the body is the nlp drug of choice protocol all we do with it is we trace it through the body till it comes back to its point of origin we turn it into a color we fill the room with it we breathe it through that's my my piece to it. But the original nlp power tech the nlp technique was just tracing it through the body and by the time you get back to the point of origin you're back in the state we're going to we start there and. Then we just keep amplifying. So for those of you who are interested in that in the nlp drug of choice technique it's in this process okay.

We just sandwiched it into a bunch of other stuff that amplifies and magnifies the effect. So whatever resource you want to put in there like for you guys because you came here to learn self work you learned here to to program yourself better we started with safety and trends. But. Then we added in the ability to assimilate process and express information at an accelerated rate.

So now when you go to do your your self-work and things of that nature you're already primed to take it in faster okay. Um when we. But when going back to the the mechanics of it take a moment to think out what suggestions you want to give yourself now um let me go to i'm going to scr i'm going to share my screen really quick i don't know if this is going to help or hinder understanding of things or not. But we'll see you know when when we start talking about suggestions you have certain ways you can do this you can do it um verbally slash linguistically you can do it non-verbally um and somatically and that means in my world it means actually acting out the change okay.

So when we talk about verbal suggestion if we were doing the uh the unconscious timing exercise that i learned from jerry kind i mentioned at the beginning of this video the. First thing we would be doing is compounding the trans state.
