Title: lz6vuM7MRlI.txt
Video Id: lz6vuM7MRlI
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lz6vuM7MRlI

For for for e e e e e for e e e e e e e e e hey this is. Dr. David checking in you we got about three minutes until the show is about to start if you're brand new for us tonight here's a couple of things you probably want to uh be aware of a. First and foremost make sure you have things to write on and write with especially tonight because tonight we're going to take a little bit of a detour off of our regular protocol we're going to talk about the power of hypnotic language ways to make it work for you to uh control and direct uh the thoughts and emotions of people uh their feelings their beliefs and all that other good stuff charismatic communication on command and.

So much other things this is a very very participation heavy webinar. So. I highly recommend a you block out the. Next three hours uh because we're going to be drilling and.

Skilling we're going to be uh doing a lot of. Q&A things of that nature make sure you have caffeinated. Beverages and lots of uh substances that trigger the release of dopamine and oxytocin in your system to facilitate enhanced neuroplasticity and learning um this is one of the deeper ends of the persuasion pool uh which. I will talk about a little bit once we get past our basic administrative stuff uh there's three ways to get your questions answered ask me on the chat uh ask one of our veterans in the chat who all ask to identify themselves after we begin the webinar and.

Finally uh when the replay of this video goes live go to our. YouTube channel find the comment section and type your question in the comment section and. I promise you that. I will answer that question right.

Uh we do have people on whack control. Duty. So please be on your best behavior um we love interaction we love the enthusiasm that people have for these topics. But at the same time if we catch people doing things that are distracting or disrespectful we will we won't you don't even get three strikes you get one and we will just summarily uh put you in timeout or just ban you completely um it's important that when you are uh running a community of people like-minded individuals that you avoid the people who are going to take away from the quality of the group that sounds a little f fascist.

I know. But it is the way it is. So um. I'll give you my disclaimer this once here and.

Then. I'll do it again once we begin the official webinar if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offends you probably not the best use of your 180 minutes all right.

That being said it is officially four o'clock. So. I get to repeat myself all over again. So without further.

Ado please let me welcome you wholeheartedly to killer influence secrets of. NC language psychological tactics for influencing human beings to do whatever you want them to do ethically and honestly and the uh the beautiful thing about our program is that it is based completely 100% around total honesty it's based around the idea of never deceiving or manipulating another person. But simply finding out what they most deeply want and showing them how to get what they want by doing what we want this program killer influence and it's deriv atives have been ranked for the past four years. I'm hoping to make it five the number one.

NLP training program in the world. I'm extremely proud of that uh. I've been among the top two. NLP trainers in the world sometimes being even number one beating out the.

Great and. Powerful bandler himself for the. Last eight years. So um you're uh you're get ready for some.

Heavy. Hitters for those of you who are first- timers tonight tonight we're are going to teach you secrets of hypnotic language we're going to teach you. First and foremost how to control and direct your own emotions once we have that out of the way we're going to show you how to use the power of your words to instantly direct people's thoughts feelings beliefs and of course emotions among other things we're going to teach you some of the most powerful almost magical hypnotic language patterns that exist. I want to teach you the fundamentals of charismatic communication on command this is how to have people literally begging to spend more time with you giving you free stuff and doing everything they can to just spend more time with you okay.

Having me literally hanging on every word if we have time. I'm going to teach you some of the most powerful things about how to win arguments and overcome objections at will and if we have time much much more that being said uh let me go ahead and jump out of my screen here and go into me hey guys how's everybody doing real quick and before we get into the content of tonight webinar type in your name if you're a. First timer where you're checking in from uh if you're an. NLP alumni if you've been around.

Planet. David for any length of time four five six months years. Whatever. It.

Is by all means type your name where you're checking in from and how long you've been a u uh a participant in. Planet. David and the reason that. I asked that is again like.

I mentioned earlier is there's three ways you can get your questions answered on tonight's webinar a you can type it in the chat and if it's relevant to where we're at and it's not going to take us down a rabbit hole or move us in directions that. I find not useful for us. Then. I'll probably answer it.

But sometimes as we have hundreds of people in the. YouTube chat from some time to time um. I don't see it it just flies by too fast. So if you keep asking the question and for some reason.

I still don't answer it. Then by all means uh for those of you who are veterans in. Planet. David if you see that question and you have experience solving that problem or answering that question using the techniques and.

Technologies that we teach here in. Planet. David right. Then by all means please reach out in a way that's not going to distract them and answer those questions for them if that's not enough if you get the if you don't get an answer from me directly here on the webinar or the the folks who are veterans of.

Planet. David uh you're not happy with the answer or you just want to hear from me which happens people just sometimes people ask a question and other people in the group want to be helpful and they they know the answer. But the person in the room wants to hear from the guy at the front of the room and the girl at the front of the room. So if that's the case when this webinar goes live uh when the replay goes live.

I should say on our. YouTube channel on our. Facebook. Pages wherever we're going to repost this if you make a point to type your question in the comment section.

I promise you. I check the comment section at least two three four times a day uh looking for questions to answer things of that nature. So. I promise you you will get an answer you may not like the answer.

But. I promise you that you will get an answer uh to your question that being said tonight's webinar is going to be taught in three stages. First stage is foundation stage these are things that you absolutely have to know if you don't if you don't have these foundations and these fundamentals in play the chances of the other things we're going to teach you working drop significantly. But if you have these things in place.

Then you can go out in the world and start getting 80 90% of your outcome before you even learn the really cool. Pinstripes and bells and whistles to me the sexiest part of hypnotic language is the stuff that most people think is unsexy okay. And. I'll.

I'll talk a little bit about why that is as we go through it tonight tonight is kind of fun it's it's we're coming we're closing in on. Halloween and. I decided to vary a little bit from what we normally teach we're going to go into one of places that. I got my start which is the power of hypnotic language and some of the most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist uh the patterns.

I'm going to be sharing with you are derived from the full killer influence and. CPI systems and. So uh obviously if this is the scope of everything that there is to cover in those systems. I got time for this this much.

So my uh my promise to you as always is in the time that we have. I will take you as far down this. Rabbit. Hole as.

I can. I will teach you as much as you can assimilate maybe even more and. I will point you in the direction of where to go to get the rest of the system to continue to level up your skills and get the help and support that you need because truth be told is that um it doesn't help me if you guys aren't successful what helps me the most is when you guys take this material go out into the world apply it and all of a sudden start getting the big wins if that makes any kind of sense. So uh when.

I teach things especially for those of you who are new. I am very very much of an interactive nature my my teaching style is very interactive. So. I'm going to be asking you lots of questions.

I'm going to ask you to raise your hands and type answers in the chat and do things at your desk uh or wherever you happen to be working now that being said um if you're do if you're driving while listening to this webinar there will be certain things that. I forbid you to try and do while you're driving or operating any kind of heavy equipment machine or anything remotely dangerous anything that requires your full and undivided attention this is a program that does deal with fluctuating trans. States. Altered.

States. Of. Consciousness and there may even be exercises where. I have you close your eyes.

And do processes together um if that's the case if you're operating. Machinery driving or whatever please do not do these exercises or if you're intent on doing these exercises pull off to the side of the road into a parking lot a driveway where it's safe put the car in park turn the ignition off put the parking brake on lock your doors and windows if necessary uh. So you won't be disturbed and participate in whatever way is the most safest and allows you to most control over your environment that being said uh one webinar three parts. First part is foundation phase that lasts about 45 minutes to 55 minutes uh and during that portion we're going to.

C all the things that. I think are most important that you can take out into the walls and start using right. Away that are going to make you functional fast. Second phase of our webinar is going to be.

Next steps how to level up how to go from interesting information to. Unstoppable persuasion in the shortest amount of time possible that's about about 45 minute process there part three is where it gets really really fun part three is all about you part three is where we're going to take all the information that we've acquired in level one and two. I'm going to apply it to your specific outcomes and applications what are the specific areas that you want as a group that you want to focus on do you want to focus on relationships dating attraction do you want to focus on closing sales and and mediation negotiation you want to focus on um uh therapeutic applications for this coaching applications for this the field is wide open whatever it is you as a group want to focus on that's where we're going to. Target these skills for.

So that you come away from this webinar with the exact set of skills that you need to move your agenda forward okay. So that being said um let's go ahead and jump into the what. I lovingly call the doctor. David dog and py show by the way is everybody cool with everything that.

I've just outlined if if you're okay. With me taking you as far as. I can and pointing the direction of where to go type. I'm that's.

I'm okay. With that or that's good for me in the chat for me just. So. I know you're alive cool all right.

Very very good all right. Let me see what we got in the participant section here okay. We got we're picking up it's good all right. So let me go through my uh how many people by a show of hands again are brand new depending on how many new people we have will depend on how long.

I take on my bio. So. I've got two two raised hands okay. Three all right.

So let me go through this. I'll go. Then. I'll go through my bio really really quickly.

So you guys know who you're dealing with if that's okay. And. Then we'll get right. Into content okay.

Um. First and foremost let's talk about why you're here if you can answer yes. To any of the following questions. Then you're probably in the right.

Place how many of you would like to be more attractive to members of the opposite sex or even the same sex maybe find them have you charming irresistible and fascinating how many people would like to be able to do to use their language to do that would that be something you might want how many of you would like to stop being afraid maybe be less shy be more confident move through the world being able to express yourself in a way that's powerful and and assertive and and for lack of a better word dominant okay. How many of you would like to use these skills to make more money from your job from your from your from your business to book. More clients or to to get that raise or that promotion that you know you deserve if you think that if you fall into that category tipe that's for me in the chat how many of you would like to stop being the prey how many of you would like to be able to protect yourselves from manipulators and uh sociopaths narcissist the whole plethora of evil persuasion buttheads out there if you're interested in something like that and you like to turn the tables on those people once and for all type that's for me in the chat room how many people would like to be able to move through the world and have everyone around you just thinking and feeling and acting the way that you actually want them to act. So that they naturally want to follow your lead would that be something useful right.

Now. I'm going down a laundry list. But if you've. T if you've clicked yes.

Or answered yes. To two or more of these questions you're in the right. Fraking place how many of you would like to be able to nail job interview after job interview even if you don't qualify for the job without lying cheating or stealing what would it be like to be able to do that because that's happened a lot with people using these skills right. They've even been up front said look.

I don't have the skills you're looking for. But this is who. I am this is the kind of person you're looking for this is what. I can do for you and people have been literally offered jobs they didn't qualify for because they knew how to match a person's emotional bonding checklist which we're going to talk about um.

But not as not going to emphasize it quite as much on this training if you want that training you can see us our other webinars or you can look. At um uh the programs that we have available for you how many of you would like to be able to be more inspirational and motivational and lead your teams more effectively would that be something helpful or useful how many of you ever fantasized about being a. Jedi that could just magically these are not the droids you're looking for anybody here want to cop to that one because that's that's on the genda too we're going to have some fun this time because it is. Halloween and uh you know.

I just. I just like to have a good time which is by the way is the. First secret to being effective at these skills one of the things that. I keep telling people and this is your.

First rule of influence okay. And. I'll give this to you right. Up front and.

I'll open. Some. Loops and. I'll go through my bio and.

Then we'll. Circle back here's the most important thing that. I can teach you if you learn nothing else from this webinar everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of your challenge is to help them generate the feelings they need to have in order for them to want to do the things you want them to do. So let me say that one more time everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want less of it's your job as an a master of ethical influence and persuasion to give the people the feelings they need to have.

So they will do what you want them to do does that make sense. So. Melissa says. I have not been trained to use the dark [Laughter] side truth is there is no.

Dark. Side okay. And and what. I mean by that is the tools that you're going to to to to work with are inherently neutral it's like a scalpel in the hands of a skilled surgeon that scalpel can save lives and these techniques literally have done that in the hands of a a malevolent serial killer that scalpel can be used to inflict torture pain and suffering.

But the scalpel it's neutral right. So my job my part of my life mission is to train the good. Jedi right. Because.

I truly believe that unless you are in law enforcement or or some kind of military application it is never necessary to lie cheat deceive manipulate or coers another human being to get what you want most human beings will happily do whatever you want them to do if you just show them how it's going to benefit them how they're going to get what they most want by taking the actions that you want and that's what we call a win-win would everybody agree on that that that's the heart of a an ethical influence or persuasion um interaction true not true cool excellent all right. So that being said. I. I'm.

I am now going to throw dog poop on the explanation of ethical influence that. I've just given you and say this it is extremely possible to misuse the skills that. I'm about to share with you why for the exact same reason. I told you we don't the skills are neutral.

But the person using them well there's a reason why. I have a class called defense against the dark arts because there's a lot of people out there who are using these exact skills to. BU you to cheat you to mislead you misinform you they're using these things to get what they want from you without any regard to whether you're getting what you want in return and. So as much as this is a class on influence and persuasion it is also a class on self-defense on personal protection for yourself.

First and. Then your loved ones by extension okay. So. I really want you to understand that there's.

I'm. I've been a martial artist for most of my life and while we're on that subject let's talk about who the hell is. David. Snyder and why should.

I care right. Let me go ahead and share my screen for you real quick okay. So. First and foremost.

I am in fact an actual doctor believe it or not in fact truth be told. I have two doctorates this is a copy of my doctorate uh from in. Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine from.

Pacific. College of. Oriental medicine. I've maintained a practice here in salana.

Beach. California uh for the. Last going on 20 years now since about 2005 give or take where my specialty has been treating physiological illness that is caused or rooted in repressed emotions. So while a lot of neural linguistic programmers and hypnotists um they treat weight loss and smoke sensation nail biting phobias things of that nature the the core of my practice although.

I did get some of those things the core of my practice has always been chronic illness. Parkinson's disease cancer multiple sclerosis um. Crohn's disease uh. IBS uh herpes uh arthritis um down not down syndrome um um cerebral paly uh lupus uh these are things that are all that are all based in deeply repressed emotional traumas and and on that note.

I've. I've. I've worked with just about every form of trauma uh that you can imagine okay. And we've had mirac in many cases miraculous results with some of our interventions.

So. I want you to know right. Up front that. I've had my nose in this for more more off more longer than.

I haven't is a good way to say it um this is a copy of uh my. Global gurus listing where you see. I was voted the number one. NLP trainer in the world by global gurus. org in 2020.

I've been among the top two. NLP trainers uh since for the. Last 10 going on nine or 10 years now. I think is what it is my math serves me correctly.

So it's only it's been me and and the. Great and. Powerful bandler neck and neck for the. Last eight eight years or.

So. So. I'm. I'm.

I've offered over 15 different produ products on various forms of human influence everything from how to use hypnotic language to heal how to use vibrational healing and influence skills uh hypnotherapy programs how to read faces and diagnose people and personality and temperament how to uh manifest the things you want uh the most powerful conversational language programs that exist and of course the thing that we're going to be drawing from is the killer influence system which uh has two versions. The. CPI systems and the killer influence itself and what you're seeing here is a copy of our 2022 entry it's a letter from. Global gurus and it says.

Dear. David it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for. NLP for 2022 we've also had got letters for 2023 and. I believe 2024 is.

I'm waiting on 2024. But we'll see right. Um. So.

I'm very excited about this one of the reasons. I'm excited about this is because. I didn't even know there was a contest. I didn't know there was an election for this.

I just they just randomly sent me this um and. I've been excited because we've been in the top running ever since and of course this is from 2023 as you can see where we're rank these are all our competitors. So uh number one slot and. I'm hoping 2024 will be the same.

I've been a lifelong martial artist. I have a 10th degree black belt in. OK. Allen karate.

I have a fourth degree black belt in. Shaolin. Kau. Second degree black belt in.

Koso kempu. First to re black belt in. Fon. Kuru.

Jiu-Jitsu certified instructor in combat. Systema. Seno. Manosa modern arnice and.

I like to make a joke that. I have more energy healing credentials than. McDonald sells hamburgers. I've been a raiki master teacher since the early early 9s.

Advanced pronic healer and pronic. Psychotherapy. Advanced. DNA.

Theta healing. I'm certified in the bangston energy healing method and. I have just completed my doctorate this my. Second doctorate in medical.

Chong. DST uh energ. Chinese energetic medicine actually dce and. I transposed my letters.

Dallas in. Chinese energetic medicine okay. So when we look. At all this stuff we say okay.

David. So you've got this this uh toss salad of credentials what does that have to do with influence and persuasion well everything about influence and persuasion just like martial arts just like healing comes down to one thing and that's pattern recognition everything human beings do the way they speak the way they think the way they move the way they create beliefs the way they create traumas the way they create fantasies and. JD dreams all have a structure that structure is equal to a pattern and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can read those patterns in people and you can predict very very easily what they're going to do.

Next even more powerfully if you understand those patterns you know exactly where and how to inject a change or an interruption into that pattern. So that their pattern will actually go in a different predictable. Direction. So when you ask what all these things have what does pattern recognition have to do with human influence well pretty much everything okay.

So this is the questionnaire. I just asked you. So if you stay until the end of tonight's training using the skills and the techniques that. I just talked about hypnotic language and control and charismatic communication and all those things.

I'm going to teach you the most powerful ethical and honest way to influence anyone to like love trust and. Obey you how to have people hanging on your every word how to have them salivated to do what you want them to do for their own reasons and loving you for it this is the best part about this system is that when these people do what you want them to do they're grateful they're happy they are thankful for you for having interacted with them that is one of the coolest things ever right. And and. Finally and well.

Finally actually we're going to do this. First we going to teach you a little bit more about how to control your emotions and remove resistance to your influence. I've already opened that. Loop.

I'm. G to. I'm going to circle back and and touch a little bit more on it uh. Finally we're going to teach you the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time.

So let's talk about the secret back door into the human nervous system for. Unstoppable influence and maximum attention focus and connection okay. Uh let me jump out um or actually. I'm going to jump into a different program.

So our. First technique is known as the echo technique you can you can think of this as your very. First language pattern everything that we do starts with the echo techniques simply because it is the most the most powerful and fastest ways to get somebody's complete focus and attention on you. I want you to write this down attention is the currency of relationships.

I'm going repeat that two more times for you attention is the currency of relationships the more attention somebody pays to you the more narrow their focus tends to become and the more suggestible they become the most powerful words that any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth now. I could sit here and quote chapter and verse of all the different scientific studies that validate this principle in one form or another. But for those of you who like to do to check check the sources read onest signals by. Alexander penin honest.

Language by. David. Gro never split the difference by. Chris.

Voss um maximum. Rapport by. Kenrick. Cleveland um the like switch by.

Jack. Schaefer you will find references oh and of course red flags by. Dr. Wendy.

Patrick you will find references to this principle underlying the echo technique in all of their in all of their scientific research this is not. Theory this is what happens this is what works when a person hears their very own words coming back to them you trigger a phenomenal on known as the identification principle every nervous system on the planet is selfish it's moving through the world looking for itself let me say that one more time it's looking it's moving through your nervous system is moving through the world looking for itself and when a person receives their very own words back when you receive messages that you just sent out come back to you like a radar bouncing or a sonar bouncing it triggers orientation of the nervous system it it forces a person's nervous system to lock on and. Orient on you okay. How many people here by a show of hands in the chat let me jump out of this really quick how many of you by a show of hands in the chat hate.

Small. Talk anybody don't be bashful type it in the chat okay. Here's the thing you need to understand when you start echoing a person's words. First of all they'll do a double take they'll be like yeah that's right.

Right. All. Chris. Voss.

But here's what happens. Next they start talking more they start self-disclosing you because when they hear that their own words coming back to them it triggers a process of validation and connection seeking okay. They can't help themselves right. They become focused they start checking boxes in their head while they're looking at you and as long as you keep them talking they'll become progressively more connected and attracted to you.

So if you've ever been in a situation where you want to have a conversation that the other per that you want the person to find interesting and fascinating and everything else you could never think of anything clever to say congratulations you don't have to say anything clever all you have to do is use their very own words when you speak to them in as close to the order and sequence that they came out and they will start running off at the mouth and the longer they talk talk the more attracted and connected to you they become okay. Don't believe me that's another thing about this tonight's webinar that. I want to uh share with you it is not necessary for you to believe a single thing that. I'm telling you tonight all that's necessary is for you to have a fun playful let's go check test check this out attitude okay.

And go and talk to people who can't get away bartenders waiters servers right. You'll be amazed at how quickly they just start running off of the mouth telling you things they wouldn't tell their best friends a lot of times okay. Don't believe me test it okay. Uh we have a motto in.

NLP we call it real world hypnosis and the the the the definition of real world hypnosis is anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason get the change or the result no. Matter what nothing. I'm sharing with you is unproven everything has been proven over and over and over again in real life with real human beings in their natural habitat my. Jedi my.

Jedi out there my uh my veterans how many of you have used the echo technique what and and type in the chat what happened okay. All right. Let me go back uh let me tell you what some of the other things that will tend to happen uh when you use this the the person's very own words will. Prime them to keep talking and give you more and more and more information about themselves that you can use.

Later on. So how many of you have been through uh face reading or people reading for. Fun and. Profit or any of my body language programs okay.

If you haven't uh you probably want to get those because the mo because the echo technique is like the motherload it's like the. Holy. Grail it's the. Golden.

Goose of getting people to just volunteer information to you okay. Okay. Um the best part about this this particular technique is that it sends very very powerful messages of saness to another human being now why is this important um it's important because every human being every human nervous system is moving through the world searching for itself and what it's looking for is as close to a mes a twin as possible. So there's this principle that comes into play.

I in my world we call it the identification principle okay. The identification principle says that. I will move towards and. I will connect more powerfully with people who have something in common with me you've ever heard the expression people like people who are like themselves okay.

Um this is true enough to be true now the reason. I. I bring this up and please understand my intention um when. I teach you these skills and practices is to never is not to offend offend anyone.

But every now and. Then. I have to quote some science that kind of it we don't live in an ideal world we live in a pragmatic world and. So many times some of the things.

I might say can come across as sounding racist or bigoted or. Prejudice it's not about that it's about this is what happens in the real world when these factors are present right. I don't want you to. De.

I want you teach you to deal with the world the way it is. So you can make it what you want it to be. But demanding that the world conform to your ideal that's a frustrating uh battle driven. Journey.

But if you can deal with the world the way it is you have a much better chance of making it what you want it to be okay. In. NLP terms we call this behavioral flexibility and the law of requisite variety and what does that mean it means that the part of any system with the greatest degree of flexibility that's more the best able to adapt and change will eventually control the system okay. So a lot of what.

I'm teaching you are things that are very mechanical from a biological. Neuroscience kind of a perspective. But sometimes. I'm going to teach you about okay.

Tall people are considered are thought of this way short people are thought of this way heavy people are thought of this way okay. This race interacting with this race think tend to to think this way these are not racist things these are studies of what happens in certain types of contexts and interactions. So please if. I do talk about a study that involves race or gender or a certain body type or anything like that understand where this is coming from it's not about the way the world should be it's about the way the world is okay.

So this. Echo technique is going to pave the way for you into every other form of influence that you can imagine and and and. I and. I make it a point on every webinar on every class to teach the webinar to teach this technique.

First because it's it it's your back you leave from the echo technique you go back to the echo technique you. Branch off of the echo technique you go back to the echo technique you take their words you weave another couple language patterns in there and you go back to echoing. So everything is coming from or going back to uh the echo technique does does that make sense if you if it makes sense and you're with me type. I'm with you in the chat and the reason.

I'm. I'm going to keep checking in like this is because when we start transitioning into the hypnotic language patterns you're going to need a ton of coffee and a lot of dopamine because you can't hear these patterns without them affecting you and it will it will dramatically impact your cognition okay. We're already impacting your cognition with the echo technique. But we haven't actually started echoing back and forth or anything.

So you're kind of safe from the full effects of it. But. I want you to adopt this the most powerful words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth okay. Um to just summarize from a neurolinguistic perspective there's like seven or eight different processes that uh if you go to a classic.

NLP training they're going to want they're going to teach you these seven or eight processes that you're expected to do during a normal conversation interaction be able to track all those eight processes and. Then spit out language that actually is effective most people can't do it. But if you're using the echo technique you get all of them and the conversation flows organically. So it makes everything that you might learn in a classical.

NLP class that much faster that much more bulletproof and that much easier to apply and it's fun okay. It it really takes a lot of pressure off you. So if you're if you're one of those people who doesn't do small talk well if you're one of those people who's more on the introvert side. But you still need to talk to people and you still want to talk to people you want people to like you and love you and trust you this.

Echo technique is worth your weight and goal if you apply it and you learn it okay. So this is the. First language pattern that. I want you guys to uh really embody okay.

Uh let me just move my my screen aside here. So. I can see where. I'm going with this okay.

So that being said here's my. First question for you how many of you by show of hands can feel intense pleasure on demand for no. Good reason how many. Jack says.

PL. Jack. You' been a gazillion trainings you better be able to do this okay. So.

Seth says. Seth has been more trainings in. Jacks go. Chloe says oh no.

All right. So in in our system in killer influence uh in fact let me show you really quick this is a this is what we call the universal persuasion protocol. So um you guys might want to take a screenshot of this write it down um for future reference now when you get your uh your your webinar packages and stuff like that because there's always an offer connected to what we're teaching you. So.

Johnny. Rose is saying ad you want someone to explain the echo technique not sure what okay. Um uh one of our veterans. I think is handling that the echo technique is simply using a person's very own words right.

Um you're going to hear me doing it if if. I have time to do a demo um. I. I'll demo the echo technique for you.

But. I have other things. I want other foundations. I want you to have uh and.

Then we'll circle around okay. Um. So the. First thing is know your outcome now this is really really important for all of you um by a quick show of hands in the chat and and type this in how many of you here have something in your life that you're not getting that having these skills and these tools would get you just type and if you're if you're if you're comfortable sharing it type in the chat what that might be what are you not getting from your life right.

Now that these skills can get for you don't be bashful if you want to get laid. T say. So. I'm okay.

With that more. Soul align sales clients realizing my value excellent structure uh. Michael says more success in business okay. Perfect.

So now you have an outcome right. Your outcome is to be more successful in business okay. Now. NLP would say that's not really a very wellth thought out outcome why well because um you don't really know how long it's going to take you don't know how how you're going to measure it.

But. But it's good enough okay. So the reason that we want to talk about outcomes is because if you don't all. I'm going to teach you to think about how.

Master persuaders think you never enter a persuasion interaction without having your outcome firmly at the top of your mind now your outcome does not have to be complicated it does not have to be time based it does not have to be specific it does not have to be uh um uh have a deadline it has to be measurable though in other words you have to know what you want and know how you're getting it okay. As long as you it satisfies those criteria it's a good enough outcome now if you're this from. NLP class we would give you six keys to an achievable outcome and it would you go into confusion just trying to follow your six steps right. Um unfortunately uh we're talking about persuasion and influence that's that those keys to achievable outcome kind of break down because the whole the one of those criteria is the outcome has to be completely entirely dependent on you well by definition persuasion is an interaction with another human being and.

So if your outcome is dependent on what somebody else does by by. NLP perspectives it's not a it's not a well- defined outcome. So that that depending on the context that idea kind of breaks down. But you need to know what you want and that's why.

I asked what are you not getting from your life right. Now because. I could ask you what you want and sometimes people know exactly what that is. But if.

I ask them what they're not getting that they need or that they want they'll know exactly what that is right. So. I want you to be that's going to be your zero. I want you to remember that the thing that you're not getting in life right.

Now that these tools can get you that's your outcome and how do you know you're getting it how are you going to measure that okay. The. Next thing you're going to do is control your state right. Which means and the way we think about this is what state do.

I need to be in. So that the other to. So the other person generates the body feelings that they need to have. So they'll do what.

I want now we. Define. State control as the ability to go into and out of any psycho emotional state at will on demand in any situation or circumstance from there you're going to get rapport with this person right. You're going to use whatever language skills you have you're going to use these to manage the state of the subject.

So you're going to take a look. At the state they're in you're going to change your state you're going to get rapport with that person you're going to use whatever language skills you possess to manage their state to put them in the state mind of mind and body that they need to be in. So that they're more than likely going to do what you want by default as a as a consequence of that feeling that they're having and the situation and the context. Then if you need to you're going to look.

At whatever process they're using to make a decision and you're going to emotionally bond to their needs in. NLP we call this criteria and values okay. So this is your seven stage process know your outcome control your state get. Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process and bond to their emotional needs are we fair this is the process that you use right.

Are we are we good. So far okay. Excellent. So again.

I don't have time to teach you every phase of this program. But this would be the formula that we follow we call it the universal persuasion protocol because because when we apply this formula it allows us to exert influence anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason. So let's say for example. I'm going to teach a webinar right.

What's the. First thing. I need to do what do you think might be the. First if.

I'm going to teach a webinar what's the. First thing you might think. I need to do prepare the topic okay. In order to prepare a topic what do.

I need to do don't. I need to know my outcome don't. I need to know what. I want to what what a result.

I want to have right. So. I need to have my outcome you always begin with the end in mind because if you try to do any of the processes that. I'm going to teach you without having that outcome clearly defined in your mind you're going to wander off into confusion you're not going to have the slightest clue of where to start or where to go.

Next now how many people here have learned this from me and violated that rule be be honest tell the people what happened if you don't know what you want before you begin the interaction you're going to wind up somewhere else okay. Don't don't don't fall into the. I'll know it when. I see it trap okay.

So always begin with the end in mind always what do. I want what do. I want how do. I know moving towards it or away from it what are my criteria you'll hear that word a lot especially if you're coming from the.

NLP side of the fence right. Here we call it needs and emotional bonding or checklists uh because. I think it's more it's more user friendly to think of it that way you're going to from. Once you know what you want now you're going to make your approach you're going to make your entry you're going to control your state going from whatever state you're in to whatever state you need to be in you're going to get rapport with that person fastest way to do that by the way is the echo technique which is why.

I'm teaching it to you. First it checks more boxes than anything else and. Then you're going to use whatever language skills that you have to manage the state of the person you're in now when. I say manage the state of the person you're in or manage the the the state of the person you're influencing.

I'm going to share with you some of the most powerful hypnotic language patterns tonight patterns that if if you understand their unique superpower will allow you to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your subject it'll allow you to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your subject it'll allow you to direct a person's internal and external focus of attention to exactly whatever it is you desire with 0% chance of failure okay. Um we may get into uh how to automate processes in a person's mind how to make a person's internal movies exactly what you describe it's. So much those are that's just a tiny piece of what you're going to learn. So we talk about using your language to manage the state of the subject we're talking about something called weaving patterns or casting spells using these patterns taking these individual patterns and weaving them into a braid or a chain that moves a person's mind ethically in the direction we want them to go while linking very powerfully to their emotional needs okay.

Okay. So aby's asking what about managing raging psychotic people complaining tranquilizers lots of them okay. This is that's a different context okay. But you'll find the echo technique tends to work on them actually if you can get them to listen to uh okay.

So just really quick just. So. I understand you better what are you not getting that these tools will get for you and when you've written that answer down. I want you to ask yourself one important question if these skills could get you the thing you're not getting from your life currently what will that do for you what's important to you about that and type it in the chat for me.

So. Eric is saying uh increasing motivation you're tying things together okay. Consistent. Focus we can do that anybody else.

Freedom o good one freedom to live and do what. I want while enjoying my business oh that is a great one. I love that. Paul says time yeah let me tell you one of the interesting paradoxes about influence and persuasion is that if you want to persuade people faster you sometimes need to slow down uh.

Johnny said or. Joanie says uh helping someone through a difficult time by helping them emotionally. I love that. I think that's amazing and here's the thing.

I want you to understand as we go through the processes tonight. I want you to understand that as you tie these things you've. TI here those things that are most important to you to what. I'm offering you will not only be able to achieve these outcomes you'll be able to 10x them there is not a single place in my life and.

I truly believe not a single place in your life where these skills when properly applied will dramatically improve every aspect of your life these these skills have given me just about everything. I'm enjoying now you don't need to believe me follow the instructions get the get the the information go out and apply the information prove it to yourself or prove me wrong whatever if you're one of those people likes to prove. David wrong grab these courses grab these materials when. I teach them to you when.

I show you how to get them and prove me wrong okay. So are we are we good with the echo technique or do. I need to um elaborate more all right. Let's talk about state control because that's kind of where we need to go.

Next. So. I want you to stop for a moment okay. So the echo technique is very very simple whatever a person says.

I'm. G to pay attention to what they're saying. I'm going to validate their response. I'm.

G to. Echo their words and. I'm. G to ask another question.

So if. I say. I'm curious what what brought you here today and they say. I'm just here with a couple of friends wanted to check out the band oh you're here with a couple friends and you wanted to check out the band that's awesome.

I came to check out the band too. I'm curious what did have you have you um um are you fans have you have you have you seen these guys in the past or or you guys going to stay for the the rest of the show what's going on yeah yeah we're probably gonna stay for the the whole night until we get bored oh you're gonna stay for the whole night until you get. B. So what what would make it less boring for you.

I'm curious what what's what's important about that right. So you see how the the interaction is just very very it's not deep it's it's just giving them their very own words back in a very conversational way right. Now when you get deeper into the training we're going to talk about something called the master. Echo format which again if.

I'm going to talk about other types of hypnotic language. I don't have time to teach here. So. I recommend uh when we when we make the cour work available you grab the courses if not grab one of the slog through some of the webinars on our.

YouTube channel and and get the the training on the master. Echo formula and things of that nature okay. Um. So why do we use this.

Echo technique a it forces a person to pay attention to you it signals powerful levels of sameness to that nervous system it literally creates focus and absorption on you to the exclusion of everyone else it triggers a person to continually talk more about themselves which gives you more information to. Echo to use and to. Target their needs their wants their desires and create a profile for them it is our operating technique and it's almost impossible to get caught if you're doing it from a sincere desire to communicate one final note little cherry on the. Sunday the echo technique when it's used uh sincerely is also one of the most desirable ways for one human being to communicate with another.

So let me give you guys an this will not land quite as well for some of you. But really quick for those of you who typed an answer into the chat box and. I read your answer back to you how did you feel when you heard me speak your answer back to you and validate it how did you feel type it in the chat pretty good right. That was just one episode of me just that's one of the reasons.

I did it by the way. Eric says. I felt acknowledged my concerns felt heard and validated exactly every human being that you interact with is on a quest to be acknowledged validated understood accepted and approved of and they're looking for people that they feel safe to connect with when you use the echo technique in the way that. I'm teaching it to you you press those buttons automatically and.

So everything you deliver from within the echo technique goes right. In to their nervous system unchallenged and the longer they talk talk the deeper they go that is a trance my friends focus and absorption equals trance okay. So let's talk about the. Next piece which is controlling your state in our world we have two forms of.

State. Control we have physiological. State control and we have volitional or cognitive. State.

Control most people have heard the idea that the. Mind controls the body that you use your mind to override your emotions that's. TR to be true. But it's false enough to not be practical and here's what.

I mean if you're somebody that um is uh a high level athlete uh a trained. Yogi meditator uh. Dost monk or. Shaolin monk or a special forces.

Soldier. Olympic level athlete. Then you probably have the cognitive skills to manage your emotional states under high levels of stress in very very um hostile environments in many cases. But if you're not one of those people the flip side is actually true if you're not one of those people.

Then the truth is is that your physiology will control your psychology and we. H and. So since we create our systems for average people to become above average we have to teach you how to control your physi control your state through your body okay. So how many of you by show of hands in the chat or that's me in the chat have ever heard of a woman named.

Amy cting. I talk about her quite often okay. If you haven't heard of. Amy go to her you uh go to her the.

YouTube channel uh there's a. TED. Talk called. Power poses on her.

Channel please watch it now we've been doing things that are far more advanced than what what. Dr cudy is sharing. But she did the science. So when you when you hold a certain posture and breathing pattern for as little as two minutes it will change your psycho emotional state.

So for every uh emotional state you can have there's a posture and a phys a breathing pattern and a physiology that allows that to manifest. So this is why. I asked how many of you can feel good for no. Freaking reason because we're going to have fun right.

Now we're gonna everybody want to feel good yes. Or yes. As. T harer would say all right.

So unless you're driving stand up right. Uh if you're gonna. So we're gonna do this. I want you to close your eyes.

As you stand there. I want you to fly back on the wings of time to a time in your life when you felt really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really good not that one no. I'm teasing. I don't care.

I'm not. I'm not the pleasure please. I want you to fly back on the wings of time. I want you to see what you were seeing in that moment hear what you were hearing smell and taste what you were smelling and tasting now the question always comes up what if.

I can't remember a time when. I felt really really good make one up pretend okay. The secret hack when we're doing transformation work inner. Alchemy healing traumas and things of that nature we're doing energetics and manifestation is if you can't access a resource make one up right.

Now why that works how that works is a con is content for a much different webinar on a much different day. But if you're one of those people that is having a little bit of of challenge at at the spur of the moment coming up with a super happy event make one up or remember somebody else's. Happy. Time step into them and pretend you're them now as you do that.

I want you to see what you were seeing in that moment. I want you to hear what you were. Hearing in that moment. I want you to smell and taste what you were smelling and tasting in that moment more importantly.

I want you to stand if you were standing the way you were standing when you were feeling those amazing feelings how were you breathing when you were feeling those amazing feelings and as you stand there and you feel those feelings and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get feeling of absolute fun pleasure. Joy whatever the positive word is and. I want you to notice that there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment and point to where you feel that notice there's a color maybe a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings. I'm curious.

I'm wondering don't type it in the chat. I'm curious. I'm wondering what color colors is that for you. First impression and whatever it is as you stand there in that happy posture as you stand there breathing those happy breathing patterns.

I want you to imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take into. Every.

Beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill your entire room from floor to ceiling from wall wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure fun joy happiness curiosity whatever that state is a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all less than. Pleasant feelings real or imagined and when you know you've got that breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in my friends. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true it's locked in test it try to turn it off try to make it go away and notice what happens now before you do that before you do the test keep your posture exactly the same keep your breathing exactly the same try to turn it off and notice what happens instead now we're going to add one more layer to this as you stand there in that positive happy posture as you're breathing those happy colorful thoughts as you lock in that that posture in that breathing and you're certain of it here's what. I want you to do while keeping your posture exactly the same as it is right. Now without while keeping your breathing exactly the same as it is right. Now summon up your willpower and try to feel bad and notice what happens instead or as is sometimes the case notice what doesn't happen right.

And now when you're done let that feeling go imagine another ball of that beautiful energy floating above your head breathe it through your body and notice the. Good. Feeling is getting even stronger and when you got that allow your eyes. To open and type in the chat what did you experience when you kept your posture the same and your breathing the same.

But you tried as an act of will to feel bad type what happened for me some of you just some of you typed all your colors and that's fine. So. Brad says. I've had three or four hours in sleep in the.

Last three and a half days. So. I'm afraid to close my eyes. Okay.

Uh maybe if. I have time. Brad. I'll give you a special treat energizing sensation back of my okay.

So what happened when you tried to feel bad. John said. Julie says could not. Fe you mean when you kept your posture and you're breathing in a certain way and you tried to will yourself to feel bad you couldn't do it well wait a minute if.

I can't will myself to feel good feel bad if my posture is in a certain way what does that mean. Austin says can't feel bad right. Now what does that mean what what does that infer what does that imply guys gals which is stronger your willpower or your body your body exactly and this is why in our system we teach body control. First because if your body's in chaos if your body's suffering from levels of hyper arousing your brain shuts off you can't think you can't access your cognition you can't muster up your willpower except to fight or flee and that's not willpower that's instinct does that make sense you see why we do this.

So we teach. State control and we spend about we we do more. State control training than probably anybody else in in the influence industry okay. It's actually it's it's such an important part that it's actually a prerequisite for all of our.

Advanced trainings like vibrational influence coming up. Next month if you don't have. State control training uh you can't get into vibrational influence you can't do any of the energetic stuff that we teach because everything is an extension your physiology controls your psychology. So in killer influence will actually teach you how to trick people in a in an ethical way into certain body postures.

So it will trigger certain types of emotional states that'll make them more conducive uh to doing what you want them to do right. So. Abby says this is perfect especially for people gripped with anxiety sometimes uh not sometimes. Abby here's the secret to the to working with people with anxiety for this is you got to get them to hold the posture and follow instructions.

I had a guy one time um he was suicidal and why his mom brought him to me. I have no. Idea. But the guy walked in he was super tall he was he was bent over.

So far he was like half my size right. And he had been like three or four different. Psych therapist he was he was getting ready to go to rehab he didn't want to go to rehab he was having all kinds of ab reactions. But for some reason he liked and trusted me when.

I worked with him and. So he wouldn't see anybody else. But me and his wife and his mom said can you please talk to him the guy walks in like this and. I took.

One look. At the guy and. I'm like there is no. Way.

I'm talking this guy off the ledge because his state was too far gone okay. So. I literally walked up to him he was bent over like this. I put one hand between his shoulder blades another hand on his sternum or low actually one hand on his.

Stern one hand on his. L and. I propped him up. So he's like this and he burst out laughing and he could not go back to the depressed state as long as.

I held him there okay. The another time. I was in the clinic and. I had a guy.

I wouldn't well he might have been suicidal he never really said suicide um it was during my acupuncture days and this guy. I went into the treatment room there's this guy he's about 30ish he's bent over and this this energy around him is. So thick and. So dark it was.

So sad and. So depressing. I just. I didn't want to be there and.

I'm looking at this guy because. I have to give him acupuncture and. I'm like these needles are not going to make a dent in that. I have to get this guy out of this this whatever he's in before.

I can do the acupuncture and. So as. I'm doing my intake. I find out a he's uh he's a homosexual man and he had just lost his partner from.

AIDS and he had just been diagnosed with. HIV. So as. I'm listening uh and he's telling his story.

I'm thinking okay. I've got to if. I want to treat this guy if. I want to help this man.

I have to break this state now there's two ways that you change somebody's. State this is you you'll learn this and killer influence and and and the bonuses and stuff um. But it's really important there's two ways that you alter somebody's. State you either break it in other words they.

We call we call them pattern interrupts they're they're feeling a certain way all you do something completely sudden completely unexpected like an instant a rapid induction and we just blow them out of that state. But the problem is with that is that some states are. So strong and have. So much inertia and momentum to them you aren't going to break them if you've ever had seen somebody freaking out right.

And you've tried to yell at them or scream at them and they just don't hear you they're just off in their own little trance that's what. I mean okay. You have to get them physiologically under control the other way that you change somebody's state which is what. I'm teaching you uh in this webinar tonight is that you have to blend with it you have to go into the state that they're in you have to synchronize with their body state and.

Then slowly change your own. State and lead them out of it it's the only other way to do it you're going to find that the blending method is almost always more effective than the interrupting method for most applications most people don't have the skill sets to really effectively do interrupts the way that they need to be done in normal conversation. But the echo technique allows you to very very seamlessly blend with everything that comes comes at you that's why. I taught you the echo technique it lets you blend right.

Into a person's. Trans. State and you can navigate and guide it from within okay. So when.

I was working with this gentleman because. I spent. So much time going into negative and positive. States on demand.

I assumed his physiology and. I allowed myself to go into that super sad super depressed black state it was not pleasant and there's a certain. Sensation that you get when you've reached a state that somebody and when you've gotten that deep level. Rapport when.

I got it. I kept him talking. I echoed his words. I used other techniques and.

Then incrementally slowly. I started shifting my own. State and my physiology with it out of the negative. State into a more positive physiology which led to a more positive.

State. I wouldn't say he was happy. But he was much better after that brief. Rapport guiding process and the needles were much more effective okay.

There will be many times when in order for you to reach somebody you have to go into the state they're in in order to lead them out of it and that's what state control is about it's not just about uh the the benefit of that is no. One can ever push your buttons again without your without your knowledge and without your consent it's really cool you can recover from any any shock any disturb really really quickly and be able to be functional that's the point of our state control training right. And. Nobody.

Does. It. Nobody. Does it the way we do it to the degree.

We. Do. It um. But the most important thing for you tonight is to understand this one basic process and that is this your physiology controls your psychology for every psycho emotional state that you possess or that you experience there's a corresponding posture and breathing pattern that allows that to happen does that make sense yeah there's and and by the way just while.

I'm on the state control subject if there is a. Jedi skill like these are not the droids you're looking for in. Planet. David it's.

State control and one of the reasons that. I say that is because the ability to influence and induce trans. States in other human beings is a natural human faculty you come hardwired to be able to do it it's just nobody's given you the tools and the practices and the drills and the opportunity to work on it to develop that power right. But.

I do have very some very skilled students out there who are in the personal injury field and they regularly use this with judges hostile judges juries um antagonistic. Witnesses uh depositions you name it they put massive whammies on people and they hardly open their mouth right. There's no. Top level to the state control training and it amp it magnifies and 10.

X's everything that you apply from it. So your language gets more powerful your your charisma gets more powerful your sensory inity gets more powerful your ability to extract information from another person's field becomes more powerful right. Um there's there's no. Situation or circumstance where you can't radiate a ball of.

Charisma that everybody can feel once you understand how this process works it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger how many veterans do we have that have done the state control training raise your hands testify type your experiences in the chat while we move on to the. Next piece okay. So let's talk about another level of um training which is the. Four.

Horsemen of irresistible hypnotic influence okay. There are four major categories of influence technique that if you apply them well will cause anybody to do what you want anytime you want automatically now each each of the pillars is a set of techniques when you combine them you get a ho that's greater than the sum of the parts. So. I'm going to go through this really quickly and.

Then if it's okay. With you. I'd like to show you what. I've got put together for you how to get access to the complete system and some extra special bonuses and things like that we put together to help you learn this on a really really deep level.

So that you can make it take it out into the world and use it would that be fair yes. Or yes. Okay. Cool all right.

Let me change my screen again and. I put by the way what. I'm going to present to you. I've never taught outside of killer influence and some of it.

I've never even taught in killer influence. I put this together just for you guys tonight. So um for those of you who are veterans if you haven't seen this before and that includes. Seth because you know the principles and you know the techniques take these out and test them and tell me what you find okay.

Let me open this up where is it there they are okay. This like. I said this is literally brand new this is the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence. So the.

First thing is is. Hypnotic influence is leveraging subconscious communication to guide. Behavior the purpose is to develop. Mastery and four core elements of influence to enhance persuasion the important thing to remember here is when we say four core elements what we're actually talking about are categories of phenomenal phenomena okay.

Okay. So the four pillars are. Authority attractivity affinity and acquiescence each pillar creates a psychological bridge for. Effective influence the difference is is that each of these pillars each of these pillars will create a different kind of compliance a different kind of obedience or acquiescence the most powerful of the four pillars is.

Authority okay. Authority is the only pillar in. The. Four.

Horsemen that does not necessarily require. Rapport to manifest if you can pro project sufficient enough. Authority in a person's. World they will do what you say by default even if they don't want to okay.

So. Authority here is the perception of expertise and credibility that makes people trust and follow your guidance this can also be the perception of executive power or um governmental. Authority okay. Uh let me erase some of this these lines really quick the key elements and again we again we'll teach you about how to do this um in the killer influence system um supporting research this is supported by chini's principles of authority um the.

Second principle is called attractivity attractivity is appeal and personal magnetism that makes people feel naturally drawn to you now there's two kinds of attractivity when we start talking about this what we're really talking about is the ability to generate and manage states of. Attraction um attraction can be physical or it can be emotional in defense against the dark arts we teach you about what we call the uh the human. Angel protocol which is about creating tremendous emotional appeal in people the ability to appeal to to be emotionally attractive to somebody is amazingly uh powerful now the difference between attractivity and. Authority if.

I can jump out of this for just a minute if you have someone with huge amounts of authority cop pulls you over you may hate the go you may hate the popo right. You may think that they're you know the the the the illegal enforcement branch of the. Shadow government or whatever right. You may think they're out to get you because you're a certain ethnic or gender or it doesn't matter.

But you will in most cases comply and capitulate with the directions they give you not because you like them. But because of the level of authority that those symbols the gun and the badge have in our world okay. If you want to be effective as an influencer it is not stupid to try and generate as much. Authority or perception of authority is human be possible the difference in terms of compliance that you get from.

Authority versus uh attractivity is people will um authority figures who are just using pure. Authority tend to engender they'll get compliance. But they'll also generate reactant they'll generate passive aggressive behavior and push back right. How do.

I know this how many of you have ever gotten pulled over by the by the popo they gave you the ticket and as soon as they're driving away or you're driving away you're either going that or you're going as soon as they leave right. You hate right. You hate their guts right. Because of what they did because they infringed on your autonomy right.

That is what will happen anytime you are working with or or operating from a pure. Authority base okay. You're gonna get push back you're going to get passive aggressive behaviors does that make sense. Abby.

I understand that you don't want to dread. I'm not saying you should. I'm saying this is what the science says find your happy place right. My goal here isn't to to make you a carbon copy of.

David right. As cool as you might think these vests are right. My my job here is to give you the science give you the techniques that are proven you pick which ones resonate with how you want to move through the world and. Then you test them to see if they bear the fruit that you're looking for okay.

Like. I said if this is the scope of everything there is we got time for this. So. I'm giving you the.

Heavy. Hitters. I'm giving you the stuff that gives you the biggest bang for your buck in the shortest amount of time possible. Authority will do it.

Authority will win the day okay. But there's others the. Next one is attractivity attractivity will create compliance through a desire for to to please and to feel validated right. So if how many of you have ever been around somebody who you were super attracted to and you did every stupid redonkulous thing you can think of just to spend more time with that person it's okay.

You can cop to it. I'm the only one who's got a camera right. That's what attractivity does attractivity generates compliance through a desire to please a desire to be accepted to loved and approved of right. Now.

I'm curious. I about something this is where you get to think now what would happen if you combined. Authority with attractivity in other words you meshed. Authority and attraction together what do you think you would get would you get a a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts worship maybe right.

But this is what. I want you to start thinking about now remember that each of the categories each of the four horsemen has an army they have a series of tech techniques and practices that allow you to exude that energy provided of course you have. State. Control down if you don't have.

State. Control you can't do this very well right. So that's. Affinity that's attractive or that's attraction and that's um.

Authority is this useful yes. Or yes. Okay. So what are some things what are some ways to gain.

Authority have titles for your name have letters behind your name right. Dress a certain way um in killer influence there's this. I have this um this um chart that shows you the different levels of influence for based on dress and the. Apex of that is a tuxedo or evening gown the bottom is a.

Bermuda shorts and a t-shirt right. And each of these levels of dress is an external validation or verific or expression of the social status. AKA. Authority that you hold and it's really interesting to watch the.

Dynamics of this in fact one of the things that they did uh in terms of social status uh chalini. I think it was got his hands on a report they they took. Two cars one was a a. Ford.

Pinto the other was like a. Mercedes or a. BMW and they wanted to see what the effects of social status would have on compliance and people's behaviors and. So they took.

The pinto this beat up about to explode pinto and they parked it at a stoplight and they counted how long it would take for the cars behind the pinto to start beeping their horns turns out they started beeping almost instantly the minute the stoplight turned green. Then they took. The same intersection and they put a beamer or. Mercedes at the stoplight waited for the light to turn green and counted how long it took.

For the people behind the. Mercedes to start beeping their horns and as far as we know the researchers are still waiting because the amount of time it took. For somebody behind a beamer or a. Mercedes or a.

Cadillac to start beeping their horn to get moving was significantly longer than people of low who's who had lower socioeconomic status now. I'm not saying it should be that way. I'm not a proponent. I'm not an advocate of that.

But this is what it is. So if you want to be more effective in the world. Then you need to adapt to what works now social status and. Authority attractivity can vary from subculture to subculture if you're a goth if you come from a goth background like you know you you're you're wearing the all the the black eyeliner and stuff like that and somebody walks into you know your community and they're wearing a tuxedo or a business suit they're going to look.

Tremendously out of place and they may not exert the same kind of. Authority or um. Affinity which is where we're going. Next that you'd look.

And that would it would stick out all right. So does that make. So that make sense. So a lot of these things the principles are pretty.

Universal. But the way you express those principles changes as your context and environment changes okay. Let's talk about affinity. Affinity building a sense of closeness and report of foster trust and cooperation key elements to this are matching and mirroring in other words becoming as much like the person as humanly possible we call this the identification principle people like people who are like themselves right.

So the more you guys have in common with somebody the more comfortable you feel and this is again where. I sometimes. I sometimes get into trouble because this is where. I make a statement that everybody think some people tend to think is racist here's here's how it goes every single one of us is a racist we don't know it.

But every single one of us our nervous systems are racist and it's very and we're and and we're we're. Prejudiced and we're bigoted okay. And it's very very simple to test this do you feel more comfortable on people who dress like you or different than you do you feel more comfortable around people who have the same background as you or different than you do you feel more comfortable around people who shop at the same stores or went to the same school or different than you right. Because what are we looking at we're looking at commonality right.

In uh in. Wendy. Patrick's book. Red flags she.

T she wents with the identification principle she went. So far as to say if you go to the shopping mall if you went to a shopping mall and you bought a beautiful watch or a pair of shoes or a handbag and you get on the bus to go home and you see somebody on the bus who has the same the same watch or the same handbag or the same shoes you are far more likely to go up and sit close to that person and even engage them in conversation than if they don't we in we inherently whenever we enter an environment we immediately sort for what's familiar this is not a an. African-American thing it is not a. Caucasian thing it is not an.

Asian thing it is not a. Native. American thing ladies and gentlemen it is a human thing right. And you are not going to meditate it and you are not going to out legislate millions of years of human.

EV ution and if you're not going to be able to change it anytime soon you need to work with it you need to understand it. So you can use it does that make sense okay. Again. I don't make the rules.

I just report them and. I show you how to use them right. I spent my whole life trying to figure this out right. And.

I don't have time for low percentage technique okay. So has this been useful. So far we've covered. Authority we've covered.

Affinity we've covered attractivity there's one more and this one is a little bit more almost a default if you get any one of the other two or three you'll almost always get this one. So this is called acquiescence acquiescence says eliciting a natural willingness to comply with suggestions. So we can use embedded commands for this we can use assumed compliance um the milgrim experiments which were all about. Authority by the way generated tremendous acquiescence in people okay.

So here's what. I've discovered is that anytime you get any two of these hold on a. Second anytime you get any two of these you'll almost automatically always get this okay. So when we look.

At this. But what what now this is where it gets a little bit more advanced for some of you veterans these are the. Next level things. I want you to play with if you combine.

Authority with attractivity you get. Charisma magnetic leadership if you find attract if you combine attractivity with affinity you get deep connection and if you combine. Affinity with acquiescence you get willing compliance if you can somehow manage a way where you can get all of them you get irresistible influence people will feel compelled to do what you want they will want to do what you want because they want your approval they will feel social pressure to do it because everybody else is doing it. So they'll just go along to get along does that make sense yeah we all we all have biases and things and prejudices and things of that nature that doesn't make us bad people and it doesn't make us you know members of the clan or anything like that it means we're human beings right.

Human beings inherently sort for what's familiar and and the sooner you accept this and work with it the more. F the more deeply and rapidly you will make more diverse friendships and you will hear yes. More often okay. Um let me erase some of this or.

I'll have to come back and have to come back and do it all right. So you guys ready to learn how to actually use some of this stuff or how to actually get access to all the trainings that you need and things like that all right. So with your permission what. I'd like to do now is.

I'd like to show you uh the program we put together for you that'll take about 30 minutes or. So once we're done with that give or take uh we're going to circle back and we're going to actually start teaching the the top three or four language patterns that you need to integrate with the echo technique and how to actually train them. So you can actually use them does that sound like a plan type yes. If you're good with it cool all right.

So with your permission let's jump in. So we put together for you it's called the secrets of human influence. Ultra pers hypnotic persuasion home study course this is a program that's all about taking your life to the. Next level remember when we asked about what are you currently not getting from your life that these skills would do for you would it be more money would it be closing more sales would it be getting more dates hearing yes.

More often in your life helping more people right. Feeling more confident and. Powerful if you think of. Life as a game are you winning these tools in my opinion uh have truly given me the the aces to win the game of life and.

I want to share that with you. I want to help you level the playing field in your life as a byproduct of this training you're going to become automatically more. Charming irresistibly charismatic and irresistibly persuasive at the same time okay. So everything.

I've got here is good until tonight. October 24th 2024 at 11:59 p.m. that's when. I'm going to log off the webinar uh and a lot of our fast action bonuses will go away. So here's what you're getting you're going to get the 17 video seven stage.

Universal persuasion protocol training which is going to teach you exactly in stepbystep increments how to think like a master influencer right. How to be how to create outcomes how to measure them how to move towards them or away from them it's a $297 value we're going to teach you how to control your own psycho emotional states remember everything that. I taught you. So far in this webinar is based on your ability to know what you want and to control your emotional state and the byproduct of that and and this training is that once you know how to control your emotional state no.

One anywhere can push your buttons for any length of time ever again without your permission doesn't mean they won't take you by surprise from time to time what it does mean is that you'll be able to bounce back and become functional and operational like that as you can see it's way more than a $297 value. But it doesn't stop there because once you can move in and out of any emotional state we're going to teach you how to bridge that skill how to actually connect through. Power. Rapport skills to get connection with another human being's nervous system and begin to transfer those emotional states into that person through their mirror neurons through their propri receptive grids and neurology and through their cardiac nervous system okay.

In a way that you'll be able to test now in our world we divide report into three levels you have classical. Rapport which everybody learns in an. NLP class or sales. Then you have heart coherence which is if you've ever studied any of the heart math materials this is where heartbeats and breathing synchronize okay.

This is our our our. Cadillac operational. State and it will get you a deep level of neurological connection and communication with somebody. But there's another level that is used specifically for attractivity applications in other words if you want to use this for dating either a man dating a woman a woman dating a man if you want to be able to connect and and influence large groups of people at the same time you need a different kind of.

Rapport it's. Rapport combined with a measurable discernable status. Gap and a higher activity or energy level we call it vibing we teach you all three types of. Rapport in a testable verifiable way as a byproduct of the training.

So you can go into any group any time anywhere and take over that group and get them to like you and love you and follow your follow your lead okay. From there we're going to teach you the seven most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns that exist we're going to give you a couple of them tonight um in this training. But the the actual live course goes into a much deeper treatment of these materials. So that you'll be able to integrate them seamlessly into every aspect of your life will teach you how to systematically control a person's awareness even when they know what you're doing they can't resist this one pattern it's the most powerful hypnotic language pattern that exists we're going to teach you how to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want and when they hear you speaking in this pattern they will automatically believe what you say because it just sounds true okay.

We call this the law of reality or the law of. Truth the language of. Truth we're going to teach you how to make anything you any anyone you want anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your subjects even if those things have absolutely nothing to do with each other we'll show you how to do that also using language that your neurology and the person hearing it will believe to be 100% true we're going to teach you how to force a person's internal mind movies to be exactly what you describe make them hyper suggestive and hanging on your every word in seconds and that's just a tiny piece of the hypnotic language components that we'll be sharing with you right. It's a $297 value we're going to teach you how to use all of those to systematically irresistibly manage the emotional states of others.

So you can get them from where they are to where you need them to be. So they want to do the exact things you want them to do for their own reasons we're going to teach you how to hijack a person's own internal. Behavior code. So that you can fit every message you send to the exact way that they process information.

So that they want to do the things you want them to do with absolutely zero friction this is one of the most powerful resistance removal tactics that you can learn outside of the resistance removal formula and reframing and. Then we're going to teach you how to emotionally bond to a person's deepest needs and desires. So that by automatically going after the things they want they will do what you want by default and thank you for the opportunity to do concluded is going to be uh the killer influence mind control. Manifesto which has uh chapters on.

Authority chapters on. Affinity chapters on attractivity chapters on acquiescence and how to use them and generate them. So you know exactly uh how to create the most authoritative attractive version of yourself to any particular person or audience that you can name there's chapters in there on social hypnotic operators which is the ability to create scarcity and um commitment and consistency and all the things that automatically that that governments and media program into you to make you behave in very predictable ways we're going to pull back the curtain on that and show you how you can begin to utilize them to get everything you want in the shortest amount of time possible we're going to teach you speed profiling how to look. At somebody and tell if they're have a high probability of lying how to know if they're uh an extrovert or an introvert how they sort information.

So that can present it to them in a way that is in harmony with how they do things and be able to predict their behavior all that is in the killer influence mind control. Manifesto as well as all the state control exercises and all the other extra things that we've added it's a $418 value uh. But we're going to include this this is part of your package we'll talk about the online community uh with over 200 people in it uh very very shortly total value on this is $2,497. But as you can probably guess we've got a few extra bonuses for you that are going to make this a absolute no-brainer.

So if you act now and click the links in the in the chat when they show up uh you're also going to get these special bonuses. First and foremost we're going to give you the most powerful system of persuasion uh. Advanced persuasion ever this is called. Weapons of.

Mass instruction this is neuroscience-based storytelling and narrative persuasion training the most powerful influence training on the planet it is storytelling as much as. I love attractivity and authority and and affinity and all the seven language patterns the most universal most powerful uh persuasion device that we have is storytelling and there's a whole series of. Neuroscience studies that underline the best way to tell a story how to make a story irresistible um how to create powerful. Authority attractivity affinity how to use stories as delivery mechanisms for other.

Advanced behavioral techniques. So this was a course that. I had to create for myself because nobody out there teaching storytelling had the answers. So.

I realized. Then and there that if. I was going to create a um if. I was going to find a program that would teach me how to use stories in the simplest easiest most effective way anytime anywhere under any circumstance and for any reason.

I was going to have to create it and. I found some solid gold uh storytelling nuggets that. CH that are total game changers. U when you get this and you read it make sure you you zero in on uh how to be a story ninja and how to be uh and.

Omega stories these are some these are areas of. Storytelling that nobody is talking about we'll talk about neural coupling and how brain waves automatically entrain if you just hint that a story is going on how stories are never ever perceived as an attempted influence how stories work on bilingual audiences better than uh presuppositional persuasion like the language patterns. I'm going to share with you in part three some of the language patterns are a little bit harder to use with a bilingual audience or uh you know an audience where uh. English is not the the the.

First language. But stories work regardless every culture tells stories and. So if you understand the. Dynamics and the principles behind this you can engineer stories that captivate.

Inspire lead remove resistance and make people fall in love with you your product or your service it's one of the most powerful ways to teach children how to uh life lessons that they need to have uh and they're never perceived as an attempted influence that's one of the coolest things about storytelling is nobody ever perceives it as an attempt at persuading they just go into this powerful. Trans. State and they just buy into whatever's in the story it's amazing this course comes with full videos and a manual and workbook. It's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because it's an extension of your human influence training everything that we're sheing you in here is is to be grafted onto what you've learned in secrets of human influence this program can stand alone.

But if you really want the biggest bang for your buck you really want to incorporate this with the secrets of human influence pack which is what package which is why we bundled it together total combined value on this is $4,495 if you were to try to buy them separately which by the way some of these products you can't actually buy on our website. I went looking for them the other day and realized we're not offering some of these things to the general public the only place you can get some of this stuff is on our webinar we're also going to include uh our. Renegade reframing program this is how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds. So let me ask you this how many of you have ever been told no.

How many of you have ever been told no. And. Then been given a reason that you knew was for them not wanting to do what you asked them to do. But you couldn't think of a comeback to to overcome it.

So you just lost out on how many of you have ever been on the losing end of an argument how many of you have ever been uh imprisoned by your own limiting beliefs or somebody else's limiting beliefs let me ask you this what if for every single one of those occurrences you had at least 14 different ways to beat it for every limiting belief that someone threw at you or that you threw at yourself you had 14 different ways to destroy that limiting belief. So that it never came back what if for every objection you ever encounter you have 14 different ways to neutralize it and change it instantly what if for every every time you in an argument every time somebody tried to demean you or overcome you with logic or rhetoric or emotion or um uh gaslighting you had 14 different ways to just turn that conversation around what could you do with that what would your life be like would you would you get a lot more yeses would you win a lot more arguments would do you feel a lot more confident in your ability to express yourself yes. Or yes. That's exactly what this training program is going to do for you it's going to teach you how to take any objection any limiting belief any argument and completely destroy it and have that person believing what you want them to believe or moving the direction you want them to move in seconds during normal conversations okay.

This is equivalent to a pattern interrupt combined with hypn an instant induction that completely changes a person's mindset okay. Hold on a. Second somebody's asking a question okay. I'll have to get back to the electromagnetic energy question.

But the state control modules are what is where you learn to do that right. The the state control module that we talked about in secrets of you and influence that's that training and once you have that now when you go into vibration influence we're going to show you how to amplify that energy field even more okay. Uh. But that's all in the basic training now how many of you by a show of hands um ever make your living or do presentations as part of your business if if you answered yes.

To this you're going to love this. Next piece this is charisma and conversion if you've ever seen people like. Tony. Robbins or.

Joe despenza or. Mark. Victor. Hansen or.

T harveer have get on stage and start captivating and spellbinding an audience for days and. Then they it's almost like they give this hidden signal and half the room gets up and runs to the back of the room to sign up for the. Next product or coaching service or what have you this is how they do it. I'm going to teach you.

I'm gonna pull back the curtain on the system behind the system. I'm going to teach you two unique forms of persuasion architecture one for small groups one for large groups one for healers one for uh heart. Bas heart centered entrepreneurs and coaches okay. These are programs that will get you anywhere from a 15 to 20 to 25% conversion rate when you apply them properly towards back of the room sales it'll also teach you how to systematically deliver your content in a way that's fun exciting compelling motivating and gets people to want to raise their hand and take the.

Next step with you we teach you everything from how to construct a presentation how to hold this how to hold a microphone how to set up your audio how to speak from the stage how to. Anchor things on stage how to create powerful compelling stories how to use embedded commands spatial anchoring uh there's. So many different aspects how to take that content and use it to create your own. YouTube channel blog posts um social media content for those of you it's based on taking everything you've learned in secrets of human influence everything you've learned in.

Renegade reframing everything you've learned in weapons of mass instruction it was going to teach you how to create a compelling offer how to get people to raise their hand. So that it's okay. To make that offer and have them actually buy it from you right. Everything you need to know that they're not teaching you and all those other public speaking and training programs we're going to pull back the the curtain on this and we will actually show you in this particular training we will actually deconstruct a transcript from.

T harveer showing you all the secret hypnotic bells and whistles that he's using on the audience to get them to rush to the back of the room that even his trainers that he certifies don't know and. I know this is true because one of my students was a certified trainer for. T harveer and when he saw me deconstructing this we had to tie him down and give him a tranquilizer because nowhere in his teachers training did they teach the things. I was showing or or reverse engineering now one of the reasons that.

I'm sharing this with you is. So that you a can utilize whatever is ethical and and in harmony with your your world view to build your business through public speaking because. I believe this is the most economical way to build your business. But also perhaps even just as important or more importantly.

So you can recognize when these methods and these tactics are being used on you. So you can resist them and have a more choice in whether to allow the influence to affect you or not it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free the total combined value on this is $848 if you were to buy them individually which of course you're not going to have to buy them individually we're going to give them all to you as a byproduct of tonight's training okay. So let's just review really quick what we've got for you okay. The secrets of human influence ultimate persuasion home study course is the 17 video seven stage.

Universal. PR persuasion protocol training $2,497 value comes with the killer influence uh mind control. Mastery. Manifesto you're going to get the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling and metaphor trainings it's $1,997 value you're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the.

Renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds during normal conversations it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free and you're also going to get the. Charisma conversion home study course hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers it's a $1,997 value we're going to give you that total value on this is $848 if you were to buy them individually. But today because it's. Halloween because um it's exciting because we're actually celebrating our for 14 year for the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program. I'm. So excited uh 14 years non-stop guys.

I want to give you the best deal humanly possible. So today it's not going to cost you 8,488 it's not we're not even going to give it to you for half price you're not going to have to pay half price 4,244 fact because. I'm happy and it's good. Moon and it's and it's.

Halloween you're not even going to have to pay $2,000 $122 for those of you who are really ready to make a change you can get the entire program for one low investment of just 9.97 that includes every single thing that. I've talked about plus maybe a little bit more total value on this if you want you can break this up into three easy installments of just 3.97 you get started now you go to you can click that link in your chat and. Go to http back www. killer influence.com slgo killer influence.com slgo just click that link uh and you can get the discounted price uh and qualify for any extra goodies that we might be throwing in who knows because it is. Halloween right.

Click this link right. Now to get your to to reserve your course and get on the. FasTrack to getting everything that you want uh in a nutshell right. Now like.

I said before. I don't want you to believe anything. I'm teaching you in this course what. I want you to do is test it.

I want you to take everything in your course. I want you to test it for a full 60 days if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money in whatever way is appropriate to you if you're not closing more deals and getting more dates and feeling more confident and and being able to win and one social situation after another if you're not moving on the fast track to helping your clients become the person they want to be and achieving. Financial. Freedom if you're not feeling more empowered in all the ways that you weren't getting prior to you getting this course.

I'll refund every single dime you invested in this program. But. I promise you. I promise you that if you apply even a little bit of this program in the way that.

I'm teaching you you're going to see big wins you're going to be amazed at how rapidly people just like you and trust you and do what you say and love you for it and if it doesn't happen if you don't if after 60 days you're not getting those results and not realizing. I've understated what's possible for you just let. Moss or. M know and we'll refund every dime of your investment test it for 60 days if you're not satisfied we'll refund you it's that simple.

So click that link right. Now there's nothing here for you to lose there's nothing there's no. Risk if you get nothing out of it you get your money back if you get something out of it it's only going to get better okay. And.

I promise you you will get something out of it okay. Or your money back okay. Click the links right. Now before before the opportunity goes away uh one of the reasons being is that we've got a training coming up uh.

Next month that this course will satisfy the. PRX for. So if you're interested in energy and weird types of remote influence and stuff like that when would now be a good time to click that link and reserve your spot for what we got coming okay. So again this course is good everything.

I've talked about up to this point ladies and gentlemen is available to you until tonight. October 24th 11:59 p.m. at 11:59 p.m. the package. I've just described to you and all the goodies go away. However for those of you we like to reward people who take action we like to reward people who say.

I'm going to go for it and. So we've put together some special fast action bonuses that if you click this link now before. I log off tonight's webinar we're going to throw in these extra special bonuses for you now when. I log off the webinar these bonuses go with me everything.

I've talked to up to this point is good until 11:59 p.m. tonight when. I log off tonight's webinar at 7 8 o'clock whenever it is what. I'm about to talk about. Next will no.

Longer be available. So if you have questions um if you want to qualify you need to call. Moss or email. Mia 85828 24663 and if you contact them this is where the.

Stampede usually starts if you get the voicemail be sure you leave your contact information because if you call and you don't leave your contact information and you call us tomorrow you will not qualify for the bonuses we usually try to get back to you within 24 hours it's usually faster. So if you if you know you want this. But you have questions like let's say you have some maybe you have some of these courses already right. Well if you have if you can find a course of equal or lesser value we'll let you sub out those courses.

But if you if you act now before. I log off the webinar here's what else you'll get hey you're going to get a three-month trial membership to the the. NLP power. Mastermind mentor ing group program this is a program that meets on the.

Third. Saturday of every month and it's literally me going around asking every person what they want to learn writing that on the board looking at the. Connecting. Threads creating a lesson plan right.

On the spot and. Then for the. Next four to six hours drilling each and every one of you on those exact skills until you can do them in your sleep you will not get a certificate from the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program what you will get is far more valuable what you will get is an opportunity to practice to learn to hone your skills and get better surrounded by people who want the same things you want who are interested in learning and talking and and communing about the same things you're fascinated by okay. This is the community that supports you right. If you've ever felt like a a a lone. Wanderer in the wilderness afraid of talking to the wrong person about the wrong thing because you'll get burned at the stake because you're interested in these weird topics welcome home my friends this people come for the information they stay for the people and the people in.

Planet. David are some of the finest human beings. I have ever encountered and. I'm not just saying that because.

I founded the community every. Community has a. Vibe every. Community has um an energy and and.

I've never felt a more open loving accepting place than the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring community. So by all means uh click that link and be and test drive it for three months if after three months you say you know what.

I got what. I needed. I'm good no. Harm no.

Foul. But at the end of three months you say you know what. I love this. I want to stay we'll show you how to extend your membership an even better part is we've videotaped every single training that we've done for the.

Last 14 years and we've archived those videos on the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring uh website we we've um archived them in some of our private. Facebook.

Groups and some on our private. YouTube channel as a member in good standing of the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program you get complete unfettered access to that full 13-year archive on every subject to do with mind body and energy that you can imagine everything from dating pickup and attraction to the.

Law of. Attraction from regression and. Trauma resolution to accelerated learning memory enhancement um remote viewing remote influence uh. NLP conversation hypnosis regression therapy uh face reading body language uh behavioral conditioning you name it if it's on my if it's on my resume it's in this group and you get to binge watch 13 unedited years of content that has never been seen on.

YouTube it's never been part of a product it's never been written about the only people who get access to this are the. NLP power members like you and you get it absolutely free it's a $1,997 value we're going to give you full access for three solid months at the end of three months if you want to stay we'll show you how to do that at the end of three months you got what you needed great you go out into the world and you apply your skills and you come back for your. Next level when you're ready okay. This is one of the most important.

Force multipliers that we have okay. Don't believe me talk to the veterans of. Planet. David and they will share their experiences with you total combined value of everything we've talked about on the program.

So far is $1,485. But we're not going to stop there we're also going to include one of the most powerful language pattern trainings. I've ever done this is the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is for people who are congenitally impatient like me you can literally download this course watch two videos and be out there hypnotizing people people tonight if you wanted to do that it comes with books transcripts extra videos on me teaching the most powerful hynotic language patterns it comes with videos on instant and. Rapid inductions um uh.

I think there's there's a video called anchors in action one called hypnotic hot buttons and. I think there's also one on lie detection in there. So this is a really powerful program it comes with. MP3 audios that you can listen to while you're driving workbooks and and transcripts.

So you you can follow the action and really drill down and deconstruct my languaging and get even better at it okay. To $997. Value we're going to give this to you absolutely free total value on this is $1,482 all you got to do to get yours is. Click your link right.

Now and reserve your spot remember that this goes away when. I log off the webinar okay. Finally for the. Next 21 people to register today.

I am going to give you a very special gift this is a free. VIP ticket to our. Next killer influence secrets of covert influence 5-day certification boot camp scheduled for. January 20th through the 24th 2025 this is going to take you systematically through the full.

Hands-On killer influence. Silo it's going to teach you how to think like a master of influence how to control your emotional state at will. So no. One can.

TR can take advantage of you ever again it's going to teach you how to get massive rapport with human beings by harnessing their electromagnetic field their propri receptive grid their mirror neurons and their cardiac nervous system to transfer those emotional states into other people how to take control of groups a lot of my personal injury attorneys use this when they're doing um uh jury selection uh that will teach you the three magic questions protocol for creating massive. Rapport love and trust with anyone you meet in as little as 20 minutes we'll teach you the resistance removal formula for getting people to to do the things they just told you they didn't want to do and thank you for it going to teach you uh deeper levels of emotional bonding how to emanate uh instant. Charisma on command how to make people like love and trust you in minutes how to hypnotize people during normal conversations how to weave compelling hypnotic language pattern clusters that put people under your spell how to read anyone instantly detect lies and predict behaviors and a whole lot more this is a 5-day full immersion installation of these skills not only will you learn these skills. But by the end of the five days as a byproduct of this training with me you will fully embody and be able to use these skills any time anywhere under any circumstance for any reason doesn't matter where you're at doesn't matter what's going on you will be able to exert influence in ways you never even thought possible that are completely invisible even to the most trained people on the planet okay.

There are things in this course that. I have not taught you told you about that you will learn only at the live training okay. And. I will tell you about the ways that.

I've tested this material in ways that. I can't do on a public video okay. This is the this is the stuff. I'm telling you right.

Here this is one of our most powerful. VIP tickets now this. VIP ticket that you'll be getting does not expire if for some reason you can't make the training in. January that's okay.

After you click the link and reserve your spot pick up the phone give. Mia or. Moss a call and we will move you to the. Next killer influence training that technique that ticket is yours until you actually use it now if for some reason uh you want to gift that ticket to somebody in your family that's okay.

Just pick up the phone let us know we'll change that your name to their name and they can come to the training instead of you if the price goes up between now and. January which sometimes they do right. If you ask. Seth he's seen our price go up several times over the.

Last 12 years um your your price stays the same you still get in for free okay. Um if for if the training fills up and at the. Last minute you can you you realize you can come if you have a. VIP ticket we'll make a seat for you if for some reason at the.

Last minute you realize you can't go no. Problem pick up the phone let us know we'll move you to another training right. If you've already been to killer influence and you want to use this ticket for a different live event like we have face reading or vibrational influence coming up. Next month if you'd like to use this ticket for that event you can do that you can trade it in all you got to do is let us know if you have questions about it pick up the phone call 858 282 4663 or email.

Moss. NLP power.com or. Mia at. NLP power.com and we'll swap out we'll customize the program just for you okay.

Now the. Last three bonuses. I've talked about right. The.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program the uh the stealth instant conversation at nois crash course and of course the. Killer influence live. VIP ticket those are your fast action bonuses they are good until.

I log off the webinar if you're one of the. Next 21 people to register and if you're number 22. I'm sorry uh you're. GNA have to uh maybe.

Next time right. Or beg for beg. Moss or. Mia for.

Mercy we'll see what happens. Frank said he's in awesome sauce total combined value on this package today is$ 14,632 do the math guys and gals let's look. At this secrets of human influence home study course $2,497 value we're going to give you as an extra bonuses the weapons of mass instructions hypnotic storytelling and. Neuroscience narrative uh persuasion tech training $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free you're going to get the.

Renegade reframing uh secrets of conversational belief change 1 997 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get. Charisma conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers of $1,997 value we're going to give it to you for free you're going to get a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program.

Practice. Group and the 13-year unlimited video archive $1,997 value we're going to give it to you for free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation at nois crash course $997 value yours for free and the cherry on the. Sunday the. Capstone the thing that makes it all the killer influence.

VIP super ticket five day complete access to the 5-day hypnotic certification boot camp here in. San. Diego. California total value on that ticket is $3,150 we're going to give you that ticket for free if you're one of the.

Next 21 people to register for this program before. I log off the webinar the total combined value for today is $ 14,632 you can get every single piece of the things. I've described and a whole lot more guys and gals for just one installment one low investment of 9.97 and if you need a little extra help we can break that up into three easy installments of 3.97 each all you got to do is click that link right. Now go to killer influence.com www. killer influence.com slgo click your link right.

Now get be one of those. Last 21 people to get your. VIP ticket get the get all the amazing fast action bonuses and a whole lot more right. Ww click the link right.

Now www. killer influence.com slgo click the link click the link click the link is my mentor the. Great and. Powerful. Dr.

David singer would say well would now be a good time to click that link all right. Here's what's going to happen. I'm going to give you guys a seven minute break to click the link finalize your packages ask your questions when we come back we're going to get into some of the most powerful single hypnotic language patterns that exist and we're going to. Target those specifically to the applications that you as a group most want to learn about sound like a plan click those links right.

Now let's get going let's make this happen let's party hard at the beginning of. January killer influence and we'll see you in seven um starting now e e e e e e e e e e e okay. Got about 30 seconds or. So left.

So go ahead and click those links now. I'm going to move on to part three of tonight's webinar which is where we start to customize by the way by a show of of hands in the chat what do you guys think of the shades should. I keep them or get rid of them what do you think. Frank says keep them.

Abby says keep them nice okay. All right. Yeah one of the before we before we move into languaging and some of the more diff the um interesting aspects of language. I want to reiterate once again and the reason that the reason.

I bring this up is because. I got a comment on my channel the other day that um normally they just they just roll right. Off of me um. But.

I got a comment on the channel the other day where somebody thought. I was being racially insensitive um and it's simply just not how. I roll um. I am.

Politically. Incorrect and. I make fun of pretty much everybody including myself uh and if if that approach to teaching and training is not something that sits with you this is probably not the best channel for you to spend time on right. My intention is never to offend anyone.

But. I have discovered that if people set out to be offended they'll find a way to do it okay. But. I just want to reiterate once again that uh when.

I when. I share things with you um it's just how. I will through the world. So that that either resonates with people or it doesn't you know.

I've uh as. I watched my videos over the. Last few years. I've watched myself kind of get a little bit more tame.

I guess and. I think. I need to change that. I think.

I need to be a little bit. I think. I need to to get a little bit more wild maybe. I don't know you tell me right.

You're my family you tell me what you guys want to see and. I'll do my best to with. Integrity make it happen for you. But.

Anyway that's just my my idea. I just wanted to get that off my chest. Ro. David.

Roar. So ba says been watching you for about four years now and the thought of you being a racist has never crossed my mind thank you and if. I were a racist my wife would be really upset with me you guys know [Laughter] why okay. Technicolor vest would be wild all right.

I. I actually have some of those floating around. Abby says well oh my. God please racism.

I'm. Asian my wife is. Asian hey you know what my children are. Asian he just saying um.

So yes. I am racist. I. Am pro.

R. I am. I am for the human race all right. Anyway.

I just wanted to get that off my chest because it it normally. I just let the roll off me right. For maybe for. Someday.

My srus were an alltime low or whatever. I just want to get that off my chest all right. So let's talk about language. So if.

I were to give you guys a choice if you were if you could pick your superpower uh and th and those choices being the ability to make anybody. Focus exactly on what you want them to focus on and to the exclusion of everything else and activate subconscious programs in their mind. B the ability to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of a person even if those things have absolutely nothing in common and for that person to 100% believe it to be true or see how to make anything you want mean anything you want in the mind of the subject even if those things have nothing in common and have the person 100% believe it to be true and. Then.

D the ability to make any person imagine exactly what you want them to imagine with 0% chance of failure. Lany says or. Larry says. ABC and.

D okay. Let's get a little let's pick one because. I'm not sure that. I'm gonna have time to do all four in the.

So see your. D most likely the um yes. Hold on a. Second.

I just got a a private message which hold on. I've got two admins. I got to figure out which one. I'm talking to okay.

Okay. All right. Uh some people are asking if they've you've we're gonna because it's. Halloween uh some of you are asking if you've bought on our webinar before can you buy again yes.

Today and today only especially if you click that link now before. I log off if you reters if you bought one of our webinars before um you're not a first-time buyer you can take advantage of the webinar special as well. But that's for today only okay. Um.

So go ahead and click that link because when. I log off this goes away. So. I've got okay.

Hold on a. Second okay. All right. So let's start with how about we start with this way how about if.

I teach you the most powerful language pattern in the world short of besides the echo technique that can't be resisted even when you know it's being done and you're actively trying not to be affected by it and will cause a person to focus on exactly what you want them to focus on and cause programs to start opening and running automatically in their brain what if. I there was one language pattern that did all that would that be useful that would be awesome okay. I'll teach you that pattern now here's what. I need to know from you what's the application what's our outcome what do we want to achieve or accomplish using this pattern type it in the chat what do you want to know about what what application is your favorite.

Charisma okay. Can you be a little bit more specific. John you're telling me. John's the only one that has an answer come on win-win situations with clients okay.

Absolutely do that speaking with others well that presupposes you're going to speak with others okay. L say. I want them to want me to want them ah. Cheap.

Trick fan. I see all right. I'll tell you what here's what we'll do. Then.

I will give you three different different scenarios we'll do one that is sales we'll do one that is therapeutic and we'll do one that is maybe attraction or dating related how does that sound that sound like a plan anybody have anything else they'd like to see. I love by the way. I absolutely the language pattern approaching okay. Uh approaching.

I may have to finagle that one a little bit. I may have to teach other things to do it as as part of an approach. So. Jim is saying get you to take off those glasses well you just got to ask if people don't like my glasses.

I'll take them off see how easy. I am. I'm. So full of acquiescence or dating a guy all right.

Let me pull up let me pull up a u a one note sheet. So we can start this you guys now before. I get into this if you don't have if. I.

I went during my break. I resupplied on coffee um because when you start practicing this language pattern your brain is going to change lot is asking can. I language pattern myself yes. You can you 100% can use these patterns on yourself.

So everything starts with your outcome you know let me just create a page and. Then we'll go from there um okay. So outcomes we'll do one for selling one for therapy one for dating okay. Maybe one for approaching.

But approaching is going to be no. One single language pattern is going to do the approach thing is not is going to work for approaching you've got to combine that with other things. I do want magnetically we okay. Well that that's what's nice about this.

Abby is the byproduct of using this language will make you more charismatic okay. But if you want something that's a little bit more directional that way um we can do that let me just uh set things up a little bit for you here okay. So the pattern we're going to talk about is called awareness awareness verbs specifically words in this category include understand recognize uh comprehend notice realize and aware now these are just a sample there are many many more words that fit this bill. But these these words are used as verbs okay.

Now these words belong to a category of linguistics we call presuppositions what are presuppositions they're neurological assumptions okay. 80 80% or more of the power happens before before these words ever reach your conscious awareness. So let's let's explore that just a little bit. So we can begin to understand the power of your brain and how it processes language.

So here's what. I want you guys to do okay. I'm. G to give you a sentence it's not going to be a good sentence for you animal lovers it may be a traumatic sentence.

I'm going to give it to you in pieces the reason. I'm going to give it to you in pieces is. So that you can become aware of what your brain is doing okay. Your brain doesn't operate in real time it's always predicting what's going to happen.

Next based on its own history and its own memory files and resources okay. So. I want you to pay attention to what your mind does. I want you to notice what your mind does as.

I speak the pieces of this sentence okay. The camel that was purple and had two legs farted sweetly and break danced up the hill backwards and exploded now like. I said not a pleasant sentence hopefully. I left enough my brain just started cackling okay.

So here's what. I want you to pay attention to the moment the exact moment you heard the word camel how many saw a camel in your head how many saw a picture of a camel flash into your head okay. Now before. I said was purple what color was your camel before.

I before. I just oh. Richard says. Brown tan.

Brown the usual desert kind. Brown what happened when. I said purple. JG said.

Joe. Camel right. What happened when. I said that was purple did you have to back up your picture turn the purple turn the camel purple.

Then move forward what happened when. I said with two legs how many legs did your camel have before. I said that and. Then you had to what you had to cut off two legs didn't you this is presup this is the.

The presuppositional. Faculty of your nervous system your nervous system is always trying to predict what's going to happen. Next based on the information it has when you start using these types of. Lang language patterns you start directly inserting information into this assumptive part of you now you will never consciously notice that unless.

I contrive ways for you to unpack it. NLP calls this your deep structure you don't need to know that you just need to know that 80% of your persuasion happens below the threshold of conscious awareness because there are certain things that your nervous system has to create within itself and act as if they're true just. So you can understand the communications you're receiving right. In order for you to even begin to contemplate the sentence the camel that was purple your brain how to automatically assume several things a that camels exist that camels can do something that you can watch the camel they were never said explicitly.

But you're they were built into that assumptive level of your nervous system when you get really really good at this kind of languaging you can embed. So much stuff at the level of influence that is unchallenged that that a person can't challenge it okay. So. I wanted you to understand that there is an actual neurological mechanism called trans derivational search that where you that these language patterns rely on and if we use it properly we can literally tell a person's brain to do whatever we want yes.

It's called it no. Not trans derivational search although that is a good ambiguity it's trans derivational search right. It's your brain's quest for meaning. I like trans better myself all right.

So let's look. At this. So let's do a selling example. Mr.

Prospect as you as you scan the agreement we have created you'll automatically recognize all the points that were most important for you and as you notice those changes you'll realize what a great decision you made. So as you scan the agreement you you recognize all the points that were most important to you and as you notice those changes you'll realize what a great decision you made okay. Does that even remotely sound hypnotic doesn't sound hypnotic at all does it. But it's incredibly hypnotic yeah there is a now now we're gonna now we're going to test it.

So here's what we're going to do we're. GNA play a game this is called the beat. David at his own game game okay. For this drill.

I want you to summon up all of your willpower and do your best to not do the things. I'm about to tell you to do and. I'm not going to use that old negations trick as you become aware of the sensation on the tip of your nose and you realize it's now moving to the lobe of your left ear you can begin to understand that something else is causing your mind to go where. I say and as you realize there's a hidden mechanism inside of you you can notice that awareness traveling to the big toe of your right.

Foot and as you realize there's a sensation in the big toe of your right. Foot you can begin to comprehend that you're also getting the similar sensation in the big toe of your left foot and as you start to realize what's happening and thinking about the thoughts you're having. I want you to understand that even though you're doing your best to resist what. I'm telling you your mind is still going to the places.

I say and engaging in the processes that. I'm engaging to and as you comprehend the scope and the power of what that can do for you you'll understand just how powerful and truly hypnotic as well as. IR resistable the awareness verb patterns can be can't you now what happened when. I said tip of nose what happened come out of.

Trance this is one this is one of those weird moments where. I felt the tingle right. Went to the nose went to the ear went to the. Big.

T hypnotic influence of pressure points the mind is the ultimate you were able to. Res how do you know you resisted them. I'm betting you didn't other parts thought about the nose yeah did you notice that your mind went to every body location that followed an awareness verb even though. I told now now who on the street is going to walk up to you and say.

I'm. GNA tell you something and. I want you to do everything in your power to resist me and not do it okay. Resisted resisting gave it more pull now resisted a bit.

But it broke why because. I stack them the more of these you you stack into your language the more the brain automatically does what you tell it and that's the superpower of this pattern okay. Dam. Abby just had an epiphany here's what the awareness pattern does now when.

I when. I when. I'm teaching my students and you'll learn this when you in your in your killer influence packages when. I teach people about hypnotic language there's certain things you got to understand you cannot learn hypnotic language just by listening to it good luck you because the.

M here's what. I mean you all heard me. I spoke very slowly. I gave pauses can you remember exactly what.

I said no. Why because one of the side effects of utilizing hypnotic language is spontaneous. Amnesia the message goes in it's received it's processed. But in that process you lose the words you can't remember what.

I just said. Savi says just notice awareness understand because. I told you about them beforehand right. You were sensitized to and that's fine right.

Now go back and rewatch the webinar look. At the transcript and notice every time. I use those words throughout the webinar right. Go back on all of my.

YouTube videos and pay attention to how many time. I use the words notice recognize aware understand realize comprehend aware. I'm using them all the time. But they don't call attention.

TOS. But they it is the most powerful hypnotic language pattern that we have because it directs focus of attention with or without your conscious consent it automatically directs focus of attention to the exact data point we want you to focus on to the exclusion of everything else when. I was asking you to notice the sensation in the tip of your nose were you consciously paying attention to anything else or did your mind go right. And when.

I said the ear. Lo your mind went to the ear. Lo. Then the other than the other what does s what does show mean dude right.

Um. So that's one of the superpowers of this languaging. The. Sounds you made okay.

The other part is is that that will it will trigger your brain to automatically begin any state process or experience that follows the word. So as you note as you become aware of how you're thinking about this pattern. I want you to realize and ask yourself the question was. I doing it before he said become aware of it or not as you recognize that it was triggered the moment.

I said aware and realize you can begin to comprehend how you could use this to get people thinking about something that you want them to think about in the way you want them to think about it in a completely conversational way and have them forget about everything else because they're only focused on what you said doesn't that make sense come out of. Trance. Richard says no. Don't know what that means.

I'm using the pattern now yes. I am oh kind of went kind of kind of. But that went over my you mean it kind of went trans kind of transed out a bit did you find yourself going right. Now.

I want you to think about something. I want you to think about something you remember a couple of times. I made the joke have coffee and sugar sugary substances. Abby says.

I was paying attention. But you. Bliss out yes. Because your conscious mind when it receives these patterns in this way becomes absorbed in the process it goes into cognitive overload.

But it's not the kind of cognitive overload where it feels bad it creates uh this this very absorbed experience that's actually fun to listen to okay. As you notice the the preparations for the coffee going smoother because you're understanding hypnic language you'll rapidly realize that the more you make coffee the more rapidly this language makes sense won't you okay. So how many people have ever heard the expression seven plus or minus two. Frank says oh.

I'm going to have fun rewinding this. So that's a selling component. Mr. Prospect as you recognize all the things about this house that you said were most important to you and you become aware of how every single.

Nuance of this building is exactly what fills your heart with the feelings you most want for you and your family you'll realize what an amazing amazing investment you've made in the future happiness and security of your family because you understand what truly matters and as you think about it like that how soon do you want to get f move forward with getting your family moved in was it compelling okay. It's compelling it's absorption it's it pulled you in. But it doesn't sound creepy vague or confusing does it it sounds very concrete it sounds very specific does it not and that's the magic of these patterns is that they don't call attention to they generate massive trans. States and multiple trans derivational searches at the neurological level well at the same time sounding completely matter of fact conversational and actually fun to listen to yeah as you recognize all the things that are most important to you you'll realize that what truly matters is right.

Here in the contract and signing this contract is the gateway to getting everything you you understand in your heart of hearts makes life worth living can we close on the house before the end of month well as you recognize that you know speed costs money how fast you want to go how soon would you be willing to to get to pay a little extra to get it done faster right. So let me show you again how to do this. So remember that you have a category of words known as awareness pattern awareness vers these are the samples. I recommend you play with okay.

We talked about presuppositions every every pattern. I'm going to share with you tonight teaches you a different presupposition here's some samples let's look. At a um let's look. At a therapy context how many people here are coaches therapists or something that um um.

Abby's raising her hand. Abby go ahead and type your question okay. So let's take this same idea let's go back and look. At the words.

So here's we're going to play a little game this is a drill like you'll learn a killer influence called word or we call it past the kid cat or past the candy um. NLP would call this drill word set. Val. So here's what we're going to do.

I'm going to give you a therapy approach what this might sound like in therapy. I want you to count how many of these words. I use. But.

I want you to um do your best to avoid going into trans okay. Mr client as you begin to understand how to dialogue with your unconscious mind you'll begin to recognize the subtle messages that it's been sending you all along and as you begin to comprehend how to interpret and translate those messages you'll notice a deeper level of control over your mind and body and as you realize you can now trust your deep unconscious you'll become aware of an. Ever growing sense of. Freedom that allows you to truly experience and realize growing prosperity and happiness and freedom in every aspect of your life you'll notice that the things that used to hold you back no.

Longer matter that you can move through the world and comprehend the world from a much more enlightened perspective and as you recognize the chains and barriers and limitations falling away from you you'll understand how powerful you truly are and as you come to that conclusion. I want you to recognize that it's still only the beginning. So what just happened talk to me what just happened a stack of course. I stacked it.

I literally went. I literally went down the list and. Then up the list and down again and. Then out a little bit only the beginning right.

Can you remember what. I said. Michael says my brain dribbled out of my ears and forgot to count now think about this. I'm challenging you.

I'm. I'm challenging you to remember what. I said to not go into trance to fight what. I'm doing right.

Now. Abby is being slick she's summarizing what. I told the client to do. But she's not saying how.

I said it right. That's what happens the message goes in the suggestions are processed you can get the message. But you can't recall the words it's a byproduct of the use of languaging this is why ladies and gentlemen you cannot learn hypnotic language fast just by listening to it you have to look. At it you have to write it and you have to speak it okay.

Now here's the thing even though you guys went into a profound trance and. I and. I understand that right. If you think about what.

I said the sentences. I was using they they all sounded very specific and they all sounded not hypnotic. But the effect was hypnotic was it not okay. Guys that's one language pattern that's one language pattern that.

I'm coaxing you and goting you into try and resist. Okay. So. So your your assignment now for the.

Next week is to. Echo people as much as humanly possible and pepper as many of these awareness words into your language as possible. But remember something to use these language patterns effectively you have to have an outcome you have to tell them to notice something or recognize something or realize something right. You can't just throw the word out there without directing the verb the verb has to modify something okay.

So here's how. I want you to practice this to get it and if you when you get the instant conversation on no. Scratch course in your bonus package there's a whole workbook. Just on this okay.

So you have to do this this is how you do it oops that's not what. I want you write three sentences sentence one structure sentence two um installation sentence three application. So what does that look. Like well when.

I say structure there's a for some of these pattern there's a certain way that you have to write them the awareness pattern is probably the most forgiving the pattern that the probably the best stem is notice. X as you y notice how the feelings in your body shifts and changes with. Every. Breath.

You. Take into. Every. Beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room okay.

Oops uh let me undo this. So if we look. At the structure of this now remember the the sentences don't have to be relevant to anything they do have to have an outcome. But you're doing this just.

So you can practice the structure here's another one recognize blank as you notice y right. As you recognize the power of this language pattern and you notice how it affects you you can begin to understand just how quickly you can change how you speak to make yourself more irresistibly compellent okay. So. I'm giving you little little like templates that you can follow you certainly don't need them.

But they help to guide your thought process and create very hypnotically compelling uh. Pros now these could also be very good installation now when we talk about installations we're talking about creating hypnotic suggestions for self-programming. So how many of you do any form of of manifestation or affirmation work okay. Now before we go any further.

I want to remind you that the clock is running on the uh secrets of human influence home study courp okay. Uh the secrets human influence home study course covers everything. I'm teaching you here and a whole lot more it's a $2,497 value it comes with the weapons of mass instruction $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free. Renegade reframing how to overcome any objection in seconds $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free the.

Charisma conversion $1,997 $ value we're going to give that to you free fast action bonuses these go away when. I log off the webinar right. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program $1,997 value absolutely free stealth instant conversation nosis crash course $997 absolutely free and the killer influence.

VIP super ticket to the five-day live event here in. San. Diego $3,150 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you can get it all it's a $1 14,632 package you can get it all for one low installment of $99.97 or three easy payments of 3.97 each to answer. Evan's question you can use this to program anybody okay.

But because this is a webinar and you're doing this by yourself on yourself uh. I'm actually simplifying um. I'm not teaching when you get to a killer influence and you start doing this there's a much more comprehensive installation program that we put you through um. I can't do the whole thing with the time we have on the webinar for every single language pattern.

So. I'm giving you something to get you started until you get your hands on your package and uh you start working through those drills and. Then you come to the live event and. Then we take it even further okay.

So if you haven't clicked that link yet guys please do it now yes. Frank get your hand on your package right. We it belongs not on other people's package your package all right. Okay.

So all you got to do to get yours is click the link go to killer influence.com forgo click the links right. Now as we go back to this language pattern okay. Okay. So that's your that's your installation.

Pro or your your training process. So you write three for. I would write it you can write one. But.

I would write at least three for installation if you were to create a hypnotic suggestion using the awareness pattern that you could use on yourself or somebody else how would you do it you might say something like as you as you recognize the power of this pattern your subconscious mind will automatically begin aut mat automatically begin using it whenever you want to influence. So notice as you recognize the power of this pattern your subconscious mind will automatically begin using it whenever you want to influence someone um noticing how this pattern works makes you more confident in your ability to persuade okay. As you comprehend the power of this hypnotic language pattern you'll naturally to use it more and more you guys see how this is working. So these are things that again.

I'm using the pattern. I'm using the pattern to create a set of suggestions that give me the ability to use this pattern better okay. So that's installation. So we've got structure installation application.

So what does application actually mean well. I'm glad you asked application means if. I were going to use this pattern in the real world on a real human in a real situation how would. I use it right.

Well guys this is this is just this is one tiny piece right. I mean there's. So much solid gold in the in the program once you get the whole system you're going to be literally. Unstoppable.

So applications. I'm going to write three sentences that. I could take out into if. I'm a real estate agent.

I'm. G take. I'm going to write three sentences that. I could use on a client today if.

I'm a therapist. I'm going to come up with three statements. I can use on a client right. Today.

I'm going to come up with if. I'm doing a in a dating context. I'm going to come up with three sentences or three uh pattern language is that. I can use with a client today.

So in business. Mr. Prospect as you sort through the finer points of this. Pro program you'll rapidly recognize all the most important aspects that are truly important that are are truly meaningful uh let me give me let me give you a simpler one as you read the contract notice how all the revisions you requested are fully present and realize what a win you've got okay.

That's business therapy as you breathe deeply and notice your body relaxing more and more as you become aware of the real reasons behind this problem your subconscious will automatic. Ally become aware of ways to fix it dating have you ever noticed how much we like the same things almost like we were meant to me. I wonder when you realized how much you. L me ever noticed of some people make you feel all warm and snuggly inside okay.

So before. I debrief you let me just give you the. Last call because. I'm.

I'm about to log off if you haven't clicked that link when would now be a good oops it would now be a good time secrets of human influence home study course $2,497 value. Weapons of. Mass instruction now remember everything. I've shown you and a whole lot more is in this program.

I mean. I'm just showing you stuff that's in the main course we haven't even touched on um everything that's in the bonuses or the this stuff right. Uh. Weapons of.

Mass instruction $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free. Renegade reframing $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free. Charisma conversion $1,997 value we're going to give that to you for free uh the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program 1,99 this is the. Last call guys by the way stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course [Music] $997 killer influence. VIP home study course $3,150 value we're going to give that to you free total package value is 14,632 you can get it all for one low installment of just uh 9.97 or oops sorry about that or you can get three easy payments at 3.97 each all you got to do is. Click your link right.

Now go to www. killer influence.com for uh forward slgo. Bruce says the dating comment sounded like love bombing. But. I get the point of hypnotic language or did.

I miss the point well again um hypnotic languaging the way. I'm showing it to you is what we would call a midgame uh deployment it would not be something that you would open with you would open with three magic questions and. Then when you get to level two questions and when you're deep into level two questions now you can deploy um these kinds of patterns in a pattern weaving process called analog matching um that bonds all of their internal experiences to you and your yours to them. So these would be things that you um you would use mid game.

But in terms of. Love bombing what is love bombing love bombing is making people feel tremendously good right. And and again remember that. I'm giving these to you without anything else around them it's all it's context free and it's it's there's no.

Other conversation happen. But. I wanted you to see how versatile this is. Jack says it works all right.

So before. I let you guys go you guys have any questions for me has this been helpful this means yes. This means no. Now remember.

Bruce says awesome training thank you thank you take the echo technique take this create an outcome control your state use your. Echo technique to get. Rapport set make sure you're outcome is in place and use these pattern use this pattern to direct people's focus of attention and to presuppose things okay. Now remember there's there's six other patterns right.

If you want the whole she enchilada just click the link and. I'll make sure that you guys are walking uh superheroes by the time we're done okay. Um that's all. I got time for.

I hope you guys had fun if you if you found value in this. I know. I don't usually say this. But please like and share this this content right.

Um my job here is to teach you how to get the life you want the way that you want how to level the playing field because there's a lot of people out there uh who know this stuff who aren't sharing they're they're teaching it. But they're not teaching you how to actually do it they're not teaching you how to embody and express it they'll sit there and recite pattern after pattern after pattern. But they won't give you the methodology for for installing it okay. Tracy says.

I want the holy enchilada click that link. Trace all right. Listen. I love you guys in the words of the immortal.

Cali. Beret. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it.

I gotta work on my heart comes the time we have to say. So long good night everybody. I love you. God bless take care and we will see you on the.

Next count on the. Next the. Next training byebye.
