Title: How to Reprogram Your Unconscious Mind
File Name: M-muTNbY5Xc.txt
Video Id: M-muTNbY5Xc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-muTNbY5Xc

Hello hello hello hello hello hello my friends this is dr david snyder and welcome to how to reprogram your subconscious mind subconscious secrets for attracting success health wealth and happiness into your life for the. Next two to three hours i'm going to be going deep dive with you into some of the most powerful and most little understood methodologies for understanding how your mind actually works how to reprogram your subconscious mind and how to take those skills and apply them directly to your life now uh i have to warn you up front that we have before i jump into the content today i'd like to go ahead and go through some administrative details i think everybody needs to know. First and foremost i'm a no. Bs kind of guy.

So if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you now is probably not this is not the best channel for you to spend your time on if you're somebody who's looking for real world proven techniques methodologies principles that you can apply directly to your life that will yield a result each and every time you do them that allow you to have more control over your life. Then you're in the right. Place okay. My intention as a teacher is never to offend you.

But it is to provoke you and. So many times and we'll talk about this whole provocative emotional responsive uh phenomena as we get deeper into the webinar okay. Uh. But we do have some before we jump into the content for today's webinar uh we do have some administrative things that i would like to get out of the way now.

First and foremost my kids just came home from school. So you may be yelling and screaming in the background it's because i still work from home in spite of the fact that we're still we're now doing even bigger live events all throughout the united states um and i'm hoping to see some of you there very very soon. So. First and foremost we've got the disclaimer out of the way uh.

Second um cool congrats thank you ed um i'll derail me for a. Second um hey if this is your. First time with us. First and foremost what i'd like you to do is i'd like you to type in your name where you're checking in from and.

First time in the chat this is an interactive class now it's technically a webinar uh. But it's a class this is again there's a good we're gonna we're gonna give you an offer just like every other webinar you've ever been on we're gonna take you through um a bunch of different information some of it is foundational other parts of it are going to build on those foundations. Later in the webinar. So let me go ahead and um give you some uh what what you can expect on this winner.

First and foremost we do not do traditional webinars. So if you came in to the webinar especially this is your. First time uh expecting uh 90 minutes of promise promise promise t's buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff you're probably going to be disappointed okay. We do what i call a free form webinar what that means is i have a set curriculum that i want to teach you.

But at some point during the process of the webinar i actually ask you what it is you want to learn most about and i tailor the content of that webinar. So that the vast majority of you can walk away from this webinar with that one or two pieces of solid gold information that you can apply right. Away that can change your life. So here's how it's going to work i'm going to start what i lovingly call my dr david dog and pony show in just a few minutes where i'll go through my intro my bio things of that nature and.

Then i'll jump into the content of tonight's webinar and tonight's webinar is going to focus on principles techniques and methodologies specifically for how to reprogram your subconscious mind how to remove blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions and limiting beliefs how to program your mind for unlimited success health wealth and happiness and all the things connected to that. So if you have issues with procrastination issues with fear money blocks uh love blocks maybe you keep um dating this the different the same person with a different face every time you're going to find some very powerful very relevant tools that you can begin to apply uh to your life directly and that is our goal our goal is never to just fluff you our goal is to to give you real world proven actionable information that you can take out into the world today or tomorrow depending on what your time frame is and start using. So here's how we're going to proceed for about the. First 90 minutes 60 to 90 minutes i'm going to deliver as much foundational content as i can okay.

So if you don't have something to write with you really really really should have something because hey there's drills that involve writing that i need you to experience okay. There's only a couple of things that you need to be successful this you don't have to believe any of it that's probably one of the best things about the technologies that we teach is that you don't have to believe it you just gotta do it and if you do it with a fun playful explorational attitude you're going to get a result because the only the only variable after that is repetition okay. So our systems integrate a lot of different divisions of the subconscious mind many of which some people don't even think about and again i don't want to i don't want to confuse you with those details because you don't really need to know a lot of them all you need to do is know the mechanical processes to follow and you will get a result the only question is degree invert and duration. So that being said about 60 ish minutes i'm going to present as much information as i can that is going to give it's going to lay the foundation about at the 60 to 6 75 minute mark in our our class today i'm going to i'm going to take a break and we're going to present a package that we put together for you that builds on these things that are actually the things we're going to be teaching are taken from this package and we're going to show you how to take your life to the.

Next level we're going to it's going to take about 20 to 30 minutes to explain that. Then when that part is done we're going to circle back and we're going to continue to teach we're going to continue to build on the foundations that we laid it part one of this webinar of this class and we're going to take you even further and we're going to further customize this content. So that you come away with the exact tools that you need to change the things you want to change and move your life forward in a way that is the way you want it to be if that sounds like in other words if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn about how to reprogram your subconscious mind in the time that we have i have time for this. But my commitment in the time that we have is i will take you as deep and as far as i can and i will point you in the direction of where to go to take it to the.

Next level if that's what you want to do does that sound like a fair trade if it sounds like a fair trade. Then go ahead and type that's fair let's do that in the chat and and we'll go ahead and start the official of the official webinar okay. Awesome very cool and once again oh one more thing regarding questions i love questions which really pisses off a lot of my my youtube fans because i believe that if you took. The time out of your life to ask a question you deserve to have the response unfortunately the more questions i answer the more likely i am to go off topic.

So for those of you who have questions my commitment to you is i will answer every question that you give me. But the way i answer it may not be you know there's going to be different ways to do that. So. First and foremost the.

First thing i asked was how many of you are new to planet david the. Second thing i'm going to ask is how many of you have been be bopping around planet david for three five six seven months a year and how many of you uh have actually used our materials out in the world to get a change if you're one of those people if you've used our material to create a powerful positive change in life go ahead and type that in the chat and what it did for you those of you who are brand new to planet david pay attention to what these people say because you expect me to have an agenda you expect me to say my stuff is the best in the world that's bs okay. Talk to the people who've actually taken the free stuff gone out into the world and made a change and come back because they realize this is where you get the real stuff okay. Now the reason i'm asking that also for my veterans is because there's going to be a lot of questions that i won't see or will fly by.

So fast that i won't have a chance to answer or to answer those questions may take me way off the course of tonight's webinar. So for my veterans out there the people been be bopping around planet david for a while if you see a question in the chat that you have an answer to that you have a direct experience using our technologies to fix please answer that person's question okay. Just type it in the chat um people need to know that this is the real stuff okay. Now if for those of you who have a really burning pressing question if that's not good enough here's the.

Next thing that you can do at the end of this webinar there will be an automatic replay on youtube if you go to youtube and in the comment section below the live feed for this video if you type your question in the chat after every webinar for the. First for the. Next three or four days i go back over every comment in the webinar and if there's a question posted there i answer the question and i direct you to where to go to get that information uh that will move your life forward. So hey if i see your question and i answer it great if i don't see your question somebody else can answer it if you're still not happy with that answer or you want more information when this replay goes live go to the comments section on the youtube version of the video because there will also be a different version that zoom uses go to the youtube version of this video type your question in and i will go back and i will read all of those questions and i will answer them for you is that fair if that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat i'm going to ask you to be doing this a lot this is important interactiveness is going to be a big big piece of getting the most from this webinar okay.

Perfect thank you thank you all for your comments by the way i'll tell you what makes me the most excited is when i read about how all of you have used these materials to make a change in your life i mean it's great that you're all saying david is wonderful david is great and this is good. But when i when i see that you've actually taken this material out into the world and created change gotten you more moving towards the life you want on your terms that is my golden path that is what is the you know yes. I make a good living doing this. But the true reason i do this is because i'm tired of people suffering and i'm tired of i want to help set people free and i want people to see what's possible for themselves.

So every time you post something that is your success story that fulfills me at a deeper level than any of any dollar amount could. So that being said let's jump into what i lovingly call the dr david dog and pony show i will go through this as quickly as possible. So we can lay the foundations for the things that we want to do and like i said before we'll for the. First 16 minutes 65 75 minutes we'll teach as much as we can we'll present our offer we'll circle back after that offer and we will continue to teach we'll continue to share techniques we'll guide you through processes.

So that you can have the experience of transformation for yourself and once you have an experience everything changes this is an experiential workshop you're going to get out of it what you put into it and that means doing the drills to getting the skills that being said let's jump into the david dog and pony show and have some fun okay. So. First and foremost uh this is how to reprogram your subconscious mind for success health wealth and happiness revealed in this exclusive online master class you will learn the psychological tips for reprogramming your subconscious mind removing blocks to your success getting rid of negative emotions and how to reprogram that mind of yours for unlimited success health wealth and happiness i'm dr david snyder dacm and that probably brings us to the. Next question that most of you especially if you're new who the heck is dr david snyder and why should i care well i'm glad you asked.

First of all i am a doctor of acupuncture and chinese medicine i graduated with a doctorate from pacific college of oriental medicine this is a copy of my diploma i've been a practicing acupuncturist with a clinic here in solana beach since 2005 where my specialty is treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion. So while a lot of people in the in the hypnosis and nlp worlds which we'll talk about those credentials that i have in a few moments uh spend a lot of time dealing with weight loss and smoke cessation and habit control and things of that nature which is again this noble work those aren't the customers that i get those aren't the patients that i treat most of the the the patients that i treat are coming to me with deep chronic physiological illness that are the results of adverse uh experiences in their life post-traumatic stress disorder rape child abuse um active shooters uh these kinds of things that have built up in the body and created a very toxic internal environment that creates a corresponding physiological expression. So one of the things you'll often hear me say is there's no. Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient okay.

Uh and that's because when you start to un and this is the s this is the science and the studies about eight to nine out of every ten chronic illnesses that wind up in a doctor's office are actually based in adverse childhood experiences repressed emotion or memory based and. So once you understand that all of that stuff including your physiology is mediated by your subconscious mind. Then now you have the master keys for making a change and while we're on the topic of the subconscious mind uh in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer in the world by globalgurus.org i've been in the top five slots actually been the top two slots for the. Last five years.

So i've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from therapeutic applications to attraction and dating applications sales marketing and copywriting applications energetics the full spectrum of human influence is my field of study and i use that everywhere i go influence is by and large the most important field of study there is because there's you're physiologically and doomed to extinction without the ability to influence both yourself and the world around you and that's why you're here to get the randomness out of your life to get in control more control over your mind and body and move your life in the direction that you want it to go. So i'm a certified trainer and master practitioner in linguistics and uh like i said for the. Last five years i've been among the top two include sharing that spot with one of the founders dr richard bandler according to globalgurus.org now this is interesting is i received a letter in 2020 from globalgurus.org and what this says is dear david it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for neuro-linguistic programming you can see that here if you click that link you'll see that right. Here is a copy of the page let me see if i can just draw your attention that right.

Here we've got the number one spot uh and again what's what's funny about this particular uh accolade is that i never promoted killer influence as an nlp program it certainly is a derivative of nlp it utilizes nlp. But it was designed to teach people how to influence humans including themselves anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason and it's it stands amongst its peers for many many years as probably one of the best programs to exert influence in the world starting with yourself and working outward to the world at large. So um many thanks to global gurus for that although i never i never promoted the courses that and and they i didn't know they were even doing this. So i'm a lifelong martial artist i have a 10th degree black belt in okinawan karate rookie kenpo to be specific i hold a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kung tao.

Second degree black belt in kosho kempo ru i have a. First degree black belt in fonkuru jiu jitsu i'm a certified instructor in combat systema sorry uh cinco mano. Escrima and modern arnis i'm a basic instructor net under professor remy prasas of the late professor remy priestos i also have i like to make a joke that i have more energy healing credentials than mcdonald's hamburgers i've been a reiki master teacher since the early 90s since before reiki was cool i've been studying kabbalah since the early 90s as well before madonna even heard of kabbalah. So i'm very much a prima donna i'm an advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist i'm an advanced dna theta healer and dna and theta manifestation specialist i'm certified in the bankston energy healing program and many many forms of qigong.

So what does all this mean actually what why is this even relevant to the study of why we're here well i'm glad you asked what all these things have in common is actually a really good place to start you know one of the things you're going to find is that when you want to start really understanding the secrets of the universe when you want to start understanding how your nervous system puts things together the. First thing that you have to really uh become sensitized to and become aware of is this thing called uh your states and your patterns everything human beings do has a structure to it even if it seems random it's not everything human beings do is connected to a psycho-emotional state you combine state control with patterns and you get the master key for creating success health wealth and happiness what estate control and pattern recognition have to do with those three things those four things it's very simple everything because once you understand state once you understand structure and pattern the universe will reveal its secrets to you'll be able to tap into the powers of your subconscious mind you'll be able to utilize the law of attraction and all the other extensions of that in ways you never you that seem magical because you don't understand the the principles behind it. But once you understand the principles behind it things become simple easy and predictable if you don't understand these things you're going to be swimming against the stream through most of your life okay. So again there's no.

Bs there's no. Theory in what i'm going to be sharing with you every single thing that we're going to show you throughout this webinar all you got to do is do it you don't got to believe it you just got to have a fun playful inspirational attitude follow the instructions with the right. Attitude and you're going to be amazed at how rapidly things start to change. So is this webinar for you well let's find out if you can answer yes.

To any of these questions. Then this is probably going to be a really good use of your time how many of you just by a show of uh just just type me that's for me that's for me that's for me in the chat how many of you would like to be more super attractive to members of the opposite sex maybe the same sex and have them find you charming and fascinating and irresistible type that's for me or that's me i want that in the chat okay. How many of you would like to banish fear and insecurity and from your life and radiate more confidence and assertiveness and maybe even be considered in your own mind in the minds of your peers truly alpha right. If that's something you'd like more of you're in the right.

Place type that's for me in the chat if you'd like to make more money break through those barriers that are holding you from passing through that glass ceiling if you'd like to book. More clients for your business or get that razor promotion you know you deserve. But for some reason it just keeps slipping out of your fingers for whatever reason maybe you're self-sabotaging maybe you're putting things off maybe at the. Last minute you manifest something that keeps from getting to that interview if that seems like something you'd like to fix go ahead and type that's for me in the chat if you would like to learn how to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle more difficult people more easily type that's for me in the chat because you're going to learn some very powerful ways that you can leverage these techniques for external influence which is interpersonal and internal influence which is intrapersonal within your own mind and body okay.

If you like to learn how to have people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want them to. So that they naturally want to follow your lead you're in the right. Place okay. If you'd like people to like and admire and trust you even more if you'd like them become emotionally bonded to the things you want them to do.

So that they're eager to do it i will show you a small tweak to one of the exercises in this webinar that if you apply it we'll actually have people literally salivating to want to do business with you or spend time with you or do what you want them to do it's called the emotional bonding checklist and there's two versions of it one is for yourself and one is not one the version that you do with others we're going to teach you the version that you do within yourself. First and. Then we'll show you we'll talk to you about the minor tweaks that what that you can use with customers with clients with loved ones etc okay. Very very powerful it forms one of the core uh technologies behind a lot of the influence things that we teach and if you've ever had struggled with motivation or self-discipline this is one of those things that can rapidly move those blocks out of your way and help you get enough energy to to move forward and take the steps you need to take if you would like to nail two to three out of two out of three job interviews on the spot and have them salivating to hire you pay very close attention to what i've just talked to you about because it is not uncommon for people who learn this emotional bonding process to nail job in the interview after job interview we had one person got hired for two jobs on the same deck if you'd like to learn how to inspire and lead and motivate your employees your spouse to do what you want them to do and want them to do it if you'd like to learn how to pick the right.

People for the job to fit in your team or your company once again reference back to that emotional bonding and emotional motivation checklist that we talked about because it will allow you to profile people very very quickly. So that you can put them in the right. Spot um okay. So cool let's see here what else is on my list if you would like to surround yourself with more trustworthy and loyal friends welcome to our world right.

Um and. Finally if you'd like to understand the power of emotion to put people under your spell to charismatically bond to people to you and have them hanging on your everywhere even if you can't even spell words like hypnosis or persuasion or mind control or any of the words that uh imply some form of altered state work you're in the right. Place this is a this is a place where you can learn to build the life you want the way that you want it. So that being said uh how many of you just by show of hands answered more than yes.

To more than three things on this list just type yes. In the chat if you did that cool. Then you're in the right. Place.

So let's get started shall we. First and foremost here's my personal promise to you this is what we're gonna what i'm gonna move heaven and earth to make sure you come away with if you stay until the end of the webinar i'm going to share with you the fastest most powerful most direct way to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness i'm going to teach you how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination and get yourself motivated to move forward in spite of yourself i'm going to share with you some very powerful techniques to remove blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions resolve fear remove pain and even transform limiting beliefs in just a few minutes it's actually not difficult you just gotta know the steps okay. And if you stay until the end and follow all of my instructions i will give you the exact steps to take to go from just interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time does that sound like a fair deal okay. So here's what we're going to talk about we're going to talk about the two most important factors for success it's not what you think or maybe it is we're going to teach you the rules of the mind the ones they didn't tell you about there's about 14 of them we probably won't have time to do every single one.

So we'll touch on the ones that are the most relevant to why we're here i'm going to share with you a system of body-centered energy psychology that will allow you in a very very quick simple straightforward set of steps to reprogram living beliefs to transform blocks to your success to dissolve procrastination or anything else you want to do it's going to teach you how your internal systems your conscious mind your proprioceptive nervous system your autonomic nervous system and all the different divisions of your neurology actually work together and how to use it and that's the most important piece you don't need to know how every system in your car works and how they're built to drive the car i'm going to teach you today the basics of how to drive your car in your car being your mind and body we could spend months studying all the different nuances and and minutia. But that's not going to get you changed you don't need all that stuff to make powerful change that's one of the big delusions that people labor under is that you need to know how everything works before you can make a change the truth is you don't there's two ways to keep people stuck my friends you either don't give them enough information or you give them way too much and that's why uh many of my my colleagues and my peers and ultimately people who become my students when they go to things like hypnotherapy training or nlp training they spend a lot of time on things that aren't going to get the job done they go into an nlp training they cannot feel like they've got all this information and when they go to use it it's clunky it's unworkable the person you're working with does seem to put all kinds of bearers up because they spent too much time on the wrong stuff okay. But if you can follow simple clear instructions if you can play pretend if you can pretend you're like a little five-year-old kid you can make any change that you want you don't have to believe me just follow the process okay. So let me jump back to this and finish this up because this is where we're going okay.

Finally i'm going to teach you how to program your future and clear your past what if what if it was actually possible to create an idea of what you want to manifest and through a simple to use filter in your neurology like literally plugging a coordinate into a gps just program that into your future. So that your unconscious mind automatically steers you towards it would that be useful if you think that would be useful go ahead and type that in the chat okay. Good. So ultimately where's all this going to the one word that a lot of people seem to have a problem with.

But i want you to embrace hold on a minute let me change my colors here um where's my color palette well. Anyway for some reason i can't seem to change the colors oh there it is here we go. Finally i'm going to show you how to take control i'm going to show you how to get the life you want the way that you want it how to level up your life at every conceivable level by mastering yourself inside and out and we're going to start doing that we're going to start laying those foundations today. So if you're ready to go type i'm ready in the chat okay.

So let me talk about what you're seeing here okay. What you're seeing here is a seven step process we call the identity by design silo this is a hypnotic process it's a trans process that is designed to target the building blocks of your identity that's designed to target the building blocks of who you think you are and why you think you are that person and give you the ability to change them okay. So i'm gonna. So many many many of the things i'm gonna be sharing with you in this webinar are this is a whole five day training many of the things that i'm going to share with you in this webinar are derived from that five day training.

So i'm gonna i'm gonna cherry pick little pieces of it we're gonna go deep dive into those things and when you're ready to go to the. Next level when you're ready to get the whole pie. So to speak. Then i will point you in the direction of how to do that is that fair is that cool go ahead and type it in the chat perfect all right.

Now. So let's look. At this really quick we're not going to spend a lot of time on this on this whole diagram simply because some of these things take a little bit more explanation to do and we're not going to be able to cover ever to do this entire silo one one-on-one from start to finish takes about 90 minutes okay. But there are certain pieces that we can pull out of here that are going to and a lot of principles and foundations that this seven stage step is built on that you can start to apply to your life right.

Away okay. So let's let's let's look. At this. So the.

First thing that happens in the identity by design process is we induce an altered state altered states are easy all you gotta do is play pretend and. Then point to where you feel if you can point to where you feel it you can change it. So the. First thing we do in identity by design is we resolve generalized negativity as you move through the world how many of you have ever had this experience you're moving through the world you're feeling all happy and good right.

You walk into a room people having an argument left and right. And even though the argument has nothing to do with you you feel shitty anybody ever have that happen right. Okay. Or you're having a great day and somebody cuts you off in the road and you don't think anything of it.

But something nags at you the entire day after that it's like somebody just destroyed your calm or whatever right. What you are experiencing is suggestion okay. Suggestion is the the playground for the people trying to manipulate you consciously or unconsciously you see your unconscious mind is always paying attention it's never shut it never shuts down it never shuts off it's always attending to the environment around it and it's taking in information. But many times you don't consciously remember why you feel bad you just know that all of a sudden you do okay.

And what you're dealing with in those moments is what we call generalized negativity or subconsciously acquired negativity as you move through the world as you interact with people you're going to pick up stuff a lot of times that stuff is installed in you accidentally many times it's done deliberately. But again it doesn't really matter how it got there it got there through a route that you weren't consciously aware of and you accumulate these experiences and these these charges of negative emotion which by the way those charges of negative emotion are three times stronger than the charges of good emotion that you receive okay. If you haven't read a book. Called the power of bad you need to add that to your reading list remember that if you have one bad event that you encounter in your life or in in the course of your day and you have one good event single events different levels of charge.

So the negative event has a plus four a negative four charge the positive event has a plus one charge. So for every negative event you encounter you have four times the impact to your neurology as a good event has. So one of the things that happens is your neurology is actually biased towards accumulating negativity and it does it automatically and. So if it's and if it's automatic that means it's unconscious okay.

And because it's a generalized experience we don't realize that we're getting except the end of the day we feel run down we feel beat up and put away wet and we don't know why because the day didn't consciously seem all that tough and yet we're exhausted why it's because we've accumulated a charge of negativity that the body doesn't know what to do with it doesn't know what to do and now a lot of times a lot of that stuff gets processed out during sleep. But a lot of times it doesn't and the reason it doesn't is because sometimes the negativity that comes in to our system is actually similar to something that's happened to us in the past you understand that have you ever found yourself like maybe you had a bad experience early in your life you find yourself in a situation that's not maybe does nothing to do with you. But it triggers a memory of something bad that was similar in your life does that ever happen true or not true type it in the chat if it's true for you okay. Welcome to the power of generalized negativity because what happens is your system's always processing data and.

So if it finds something in the external world that matches an analog in your personal world it takes a hold of that piece of negativity and adds it to the pile okay. The. First step of our of our identity by design silo is to start to give us a tool to clear out that charge of negativity that we acquire every day just like when you get up in the morning you go to bed at night right. Before you get in the bed right.

Before you get up or you get put your clothes on you jump in the shower don't you yes. Yes. How many of you actually bathe anybody bathe here i have an 11 year old who sometimes thinks bathing is an option right. Right.

So think of general negativity like bathing you do it when you get up in the morning you do it before you go to bed at night and your negativity is purged from your body it doesn't have a chance to take root in your system generalized negativity is is for that we have three or four different processes in fact you'll probably experience one or two of them uh on the back end of this webinar uh as part of our installation process that we're going to do we're not you know. So we always incorporate a generalized negativity clearing process into all the change work that we do. But this is one of the reasons why a lot of times things are harder to change than they should be it's because as we move through the world we acquire this excess charge of crap from the environment from total strangers from situations and circumstances and events and because we're consciously focused on something else we don't realize it's gone in right. Now i'm going to make a big distinction between conscious and unconscious you have a conscious recall pathway or a recall pathway you're able to remember things consciously anytime information passes through you that is actually being paid attention to by your conscious mind.

But the vast majority of these general negativity charges don't they pass in through the five senses. But you're not consciously paying attention to it. So it just goes in unchallenged this is a process that will allow you to strategically dissolve that away would that is that useful if you think that's useful type that in the chat for me cool excellent. So that's stage one of the identity by design process stage two is what we call specialized negativity clearing for those of you now again each part of the the identity by design let me go back to my screen really quick each part of the identity by design silo targets a different aspect of your personality and the building blocks of it specialized negativity targets negative experiences that have lessons and beliefs attached to them that are holding you back that your your neurology believes that if you let go of it something worse will happen and you'll go through it again.

So let me explain uh give you some ideas about this works how many of you have ever um seen something you really really wanted right. You you worked it out you went into your mind you laid all steps out and. Then you you got the brass ring you started to be successful you reached a certain point and it just collapsed and went away right. We've all had situations like that and if you like most entrepreneurs they pick themselves up by their bootstraps they dust themselves off they put their their new shiny armor back on they get back into the ring and they start making progress towards the goal that they want now it could be in love it could be in business it could be something you know sports it doesn't matter and all of a sudden they get to a certain degree a certain level and something happens and they lose it again it goes away there's a catastrophe something comes out of nowhere somebody runs off with the funds whatever it is right.

So you you've had two opportunities you got to a certain point boom can't and and. Then for some reason it went away right. And. Then for some mysterious reason you know what to do you know how to do it you know where to do it you know when to do it.

But for some reason you just can't seem to pull the trigger you just can't seem to take that. First step or that. Second step that moves you towards that. Next uh that.

Next attempt that your your business or your your goal or have you ever had that experience how many of you have ever dated the same person with a different face right. When you encounter scenarios like that that pattern remember i talked about pattern when that pattern keeps repeating what you are dealing with 99 times out of 100 is a case of specialized negativity in other words what's happened here is your unconscious mind has looked at the pattern of your life decided to protect you flips a switch that blocks you moving forward and the reason for that is i'll jump back to this the reason for this is gotta remember one of the prime directives there's lots of prime directives or directives that the unconscious mind has. But one of the prime directives of the subconscious mind is it's designed to keep you safe it's designed to protect you your unconscious mind is every bit maybe even more as smart as you are every bit it controls your long-term memory it controls your energy field your heartbeat and every piece of information that your unconscious mind thinks about doesn't reach the conscious mind until it passes through the unconscious mind your unconscious mind does not need your permission to choose a behavior because it has default programs and if those if those if the situation or circumstance violates one of those prime directives it will make a choice without your conscious understanding that's why a lot of times you know exactly what to do you know exactly where to do it you know exactly what what numbers to call and you just can't pull the trader because your unconscious mind has looked at the situation it's referenced what's happened in the past and made a decision it's applied a safety rule to that context that says you can't have that anymore because it's too dangerous and here's what i mean your unconscious mind is watching you build your business or you create that ideal relationship reaches a point where you're really having the super success and. Then it goes away maybe they cheated maybe the person ran off with the money maybe the market turned whatever.

But also your business crumpled your relationship crumpled whatever and there's pain there's emotion there's there's this this punishment you've experienced from the outside world your unconscious mind doesn't want you to have that it doesn't want you to have that. So what does it do oh i gotta oh my god twice now they've had a business they've reached a certain point and. Then when they lost it they had this tremendous tremendous pain this can't happen anymore i gotta stop them from having this pain how am i gonna protect them from that now here's the thing you need to understand about your unconscious mind your unconscious mind has about the forward-thinking rational logical capacity of about a ten-year-old it is deeply emotional deeply deeply emotional right. If you've ever dealt with a deeply emotional highly intelligent 10 year old who's who makes a decision about something you might have an idea of what you're dealing with here that unconscious mind sees the pattern that you've had that those two businesses crumbling those relationships going away the pain that you're experiencing and it makes an arbitrary decision it says i gotta protect him from this i gotta protect her from this how can i make sure that they never go through this problem ever again and they remember this.

So they stay away from it i know if they never if they can never have another business or they can never have another relationship like this they can never lose it and. So your unconscious mind flips a switch and all of a sudden no. Matter how much willpower you muster you can't move forward does it sound familiar does it sound familiar go ahead and type it in the chat i need to know that you're with me i s again as a hypnotist as a neurologist programmer working for 15 years with people manifesting this pattern over and over and over again here's the one thing i can tell you is that when you have something that you're seeking to fix and it goes away and. Then it comes back or let's say you have a problem that on a 0 to 10 scale is an 8 or 9 and you're working on it and it drops from an eight or nine to a six to a five to a four to a three to a two or whatever and.

Then it just stops it doesn't get any better what you're dealing with are safety lessons you're dealing with an arbitrary reason that the unconscious mind has created to prevent you from moving forward. But it's not malevolent it's not doing it to punish you although it seems that way to the conscious mind it's doing it to keep you safe okay. Uh and this by the way this doesn't just matter in terms of like businesses or relationships if you've ever been in an accident where you were physically injured and after the especially incident you've done it more than once after the incident all the mris all the imaging all the tests say there's nothing wrong with you and yet your range of motion suddenly becomes very limited or you find yourself getting anxious in certain contexts or situations that are similar to the way you had the accident what you're dealing with is that protective mechanism once again the unconscious mind is saying oh i don't know that they actually i don't i don't think they're gonna if they let this go they might forget the lesson they learned from it and it'll happen again. So how can i make sure they never forget this lesson i know if they never lose a hundred percent of the pain they'll always remember the lesson and to avoid those situations and.

So it leaves a little bit of agony a little bit of pain a little bit of discomfort or fear anxiety just lingering in the background. So that when you get to that certain range of motion or you get in those uh those environments that were similar to the problem you get that little flashback it sound familiar yes. Or yes. Yeah okay.

Again level two you're dealing with safety lessons we're going to show you the most powerful way i've seen to eliminate safety lessons in just a couple minutes it's a big part of the webinar. But i wanted to unders i wanted you to understand that it's part of a bigger system okay. We're going to drill down heavy on this aspect. So if you got you want to clear learn the process apply it to yourself if you need extra help partner up with somebody who's on the webinar or who are certified by me and they'll help you get rid of these things okay.

All right. So i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna go really quick through the rest of the silo because i want to get into the content of where i want to go with this has this been useful. So far type in the chat if this has been useful okay. Excellent thank you cool all right.

You ready for more yes. Yes. Okay. All right.

So let's go back to this process. So level one we clear the general negativity level two we get rid of those special negativity lessons this is gonna be a big one for you guys the. Next thing we're gonna do is we're gonna install default driver states remember i said at the beginning of our webinar that everything about reprogramming your subconscious mind comes down to two aspects controlling your psycho-emotional state and the patterns the structure of your thoughts beliefs and ideas and one of the things that we want to do is we want to give you default positive emotional states that change how you perceive the world around you because every time you change your emotional state you change the way you see the world there is literally no. Bigger influencer to your create how many people here are interested in um how many people are interested in raising their consciousness or uh you know achieving enlightenment or becoming more lucky or um any of those things okay.

How many of you are in how many of you here i've heard this thing called energy or law of attraction or vibration things of that nature okay. Here's where all this comes together the emotional states that you have in your body at any given time are directly equivalent to the vibrational message that you send out to the universe now we're going to be doing uh in uh probably in july or august we'll be doing a hidden laws of attraction webinar we'll talk more about that aspect of it. But one of the things i want you to understand is that the feelings in your body impact a part of your brain known as the reticular activating system the reticular activating system is the attention filter of your body and. So what it does how many of you have ever heard me talk about the emotional refractory period if you've heard me talk about that type yes.

In the chat if you have it type yes. In the chat and if enough people haven't heard of it i'll elaborate on it cool okay. So here's here's the bottom line uh i'm gonna i'm just gonna give you really short how this works you don't have to believe me you can look. Up particular activating system you can look.

Up the amygdala you can look. Up all the physiological aspects of this. But here's how it works if you are in a positive state positive psycho-emotional state your body has good feelings your emotions are good when you move through the world you will pay attention to good things. First you will generally pay attention to good things.

First because your neurology wants to stay in that state you understand that. So if i walk into a room let's say and there's 10 pieces of information that i can pay attention to two of them are negative eight of them are positive i go into that room in a positive state a positive belief system a positive consciousness okay. A positive consciousness a positive psycho-emotional state that has a high vibration that allows me to perceive the world through a different set of filters the. First thing i'm going to orient on when i walk into that room is going to be the positive information positive information if i walk into that room and i'm in a negative state or a neutral state there's 10 units of information in that room two are positive eight are negative guess what i'm going to orient on.

First just type it in the chat it's really a no-brainer. But i want participation negative exactly. So here's what you need to understand if you want to have control of your reality you must take control of the filters that determine what you notice. First let me say that again if you want to take control of your reality you must take control of the mechanisms in your mind and body that determine what you pay attention to.

First oh at least else how do we do that two ways to do it change your change your body feelings here's one of the most important principles that you're going to learn from me today if you haven't heard this before if you've heard even if you have heard this before write it down because all the things i've just talked about come down to one thing feelings feelings nothing more than feelings. Anyway that was my i'll probably get banned from youtube for singing somebody else's song. But. Anyway everything human beings do this is and this is this pertains to intrapersonal influence in other words how you influence yourself and interpersonal influence how you influence other people everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of if you can deliver the feel the body feelings to the person you're seeking to influence that are appropriate they will automatically perceive the world in a way that gets you towards your outcome if you want to change somebody's decision-making process all you got to do is change your body feelings if you want to change your reality if you want to change from a can't have to a will have energy from procrastination to motivation to discipline all you have to do is change your body feelings now lco is asking how do we do that the two basic ways that we do it are posture and breathing posture and breathing some of you may have heard me talk about a woman's research by the name of dr amy cuddy and she developed something called power poses right.

If you haven't it's on youtube look. It up now the things we do in our advanced classes are are well beyond anything that amy's experimented with. But amy did the the early research on posture and breathing and how it affects your state. So if you want the science behind it reference amy's work if you want the applications come see us okay.

Because we're doing we were doing things back in 2005 that are even beyond what amy was doing uh in terms of interviews and things like that. But she did the science and. So full full full credit for to dr cutting cuddy's work on that. So this is how it works everything no.

Matter all the the fancy um all the fancy uh psychobabble terms and all the the cognitive behavioral bs and everything human beings do is going to distill down to a body feeling okay. If you want to understand this feeling network that i keep referencing there's a book. You might want to pick up called how emotions are made let me repeat that how emotions are made okay. Uh yes.

Keith is saying talking about triggering the vagus nerve again very useful info very interesting information. But not directly useful at this point because sometimes you know that we're triggering the vagus nerve isn't as important as understanding that the breathing part of it is what does it okay. So posture and breathing. So you guys want to play a little game real quick you guys want to play play with me a little bit type in yes.

If you wanna do that okay. Now quick thing if you're driving if you're driving don't do this if you're involved in any activity which requires your full and undivided attention don't do this okay. Um you can listen if you want. But even.

Then i'd be careful you know because again we're doing things that people are going to want to play with all right. So here's what i'd like you to do we're going to do we're going to do this twice just because i want you to feel good okay. You guys want to feel good yes. Or yes.

Cool all right. So here's what i want you want you to stand up and i want you to go ahead and think back to a time in your life and you don't need to type while we're doing this exercise i'll come back after we've done the exercises and i'll let you guys give me feedback okay. So the. First thing i want you to do is i want you to think back to a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure imaginable ever i mean the kind of pleasure that just the thought of it makes you salivate in a good way right.

Now i'm not going to ask you what you were doing who you're with what substances were involved i don't care if it was a physical experience a gustatory experience a romantic experience a spiritual i don't care about any of that okay. It could be as simple as biting into the freshly baked chocolate chip cookie right. Out of the oven could be the your spout the person you love most in the world tell you how much they love you in return could be the birth of a child i don't care could be massive multiple orgasms that's always a favorite by the way um we have a whole class on that coming up and the end of july if anybody's interested i don't care what the feeling is i want you to close your eyes. And think back to the very best example of that feeling and i'm curious about something that when you think about that feeling when you remember that feeling where did you.

First feel it in your body and point to it and. Then it moved it went somewhere else and. Then it moved and it went somewhere else and it just started to move around different places of your body until before you realized it every part of your body was vibrating with that amazing feeling i want you to scan your body now remember where it was the strongest where it is the strongest point to that and. Then what i want you to do is i want you to notice there's a color maybe a series of colors connected to that feeling imagine a big ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with every breath you take in every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all less than pleasurable experiences real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything in most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply now when you're ready i want you to go ahead and breathe that amazing color through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like flu it fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor them.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe and turn it off or take it away not even you and as you feel that energy flowing into your mind in the body and every nerve and every cell and everything i want you to allow your body to move back into the way it was standing or sitting in that moment of amazing pleasure let the body go back to it the feel of the state it was in in that moment let your breathing be exactly the way it was when you were feeling all those amazing feelings let those feelings come coursing all throughout your mind and all throughout your body until it locks in completely and when you know you've got that sure it's locked in here's what i want you to do without changing a single thing about the way you're standing without changing a single thing about the way you're breathing summon up your willpower and as an act of will try to feel bad while keeping your posture and your breathing exactly the way you feel in that pleasure state take a moment you may notice very very quickly that it's impossible to do that and when you're done when you're satisfied that it's impossible to do that stop testing let that pleasure flow into your body and double again breathe it all throughout your mind all throughout your body just like that and when you know you've got that you know it's locked in and you're feeling really good go ahead and allow your eyes. To open and type what you experienced in the chat go ahead and do that what do you notice euphoric light euphoria wanting to stay there perfect excellent full of joy perfect would this be useful right.

Let me ask you a question how many of you are interested in the law of attraction right. What does the law of attraction tell us what does the watch of attraction tell us in a nutshell it teaches us that you will attract into your life the situation circumstances and events that are in harmony with your vibrational frequency your vibrational frequency is equivalent to your body feelings which change your perceptual filters which raises or lowers your consciousness is this making sense now. So if we want to manifest something what do you think is a better state to be in a high vibrational state or a low vibrational state type in the chat will you hi right. Bliss love orgasm uh any form of pleasure are all curiosity playfulness victory relentlessness are all high vibrational states let me repeat that curiosity playfulness victory relentlessness orgasm pleasure love joy gratitude are all high vibrational states this is why all the the the pablum level law of attraction teachers want you to show gratitude and all these things it's not because there's an ethical or moral aspect to it it's because these vibrations are higher than what most people go through remember the system's rigged your nervous system has a negativity bias it's designed to make bad feel worse than it actually is and if you don't know that you're going to be swinging you're going to be swimming upstream for most of your life.

But if you understand that bias and you have a set of techniques to install high vibrational states you can balance that equation you can neutralize the excess negativity that you experience and reorient your filters to become more lucky more open to uh opportunities and everything else does this make sense perfect okay. So how do you do it you remember a time in your life when you had the state you want you remember the posture you remember the breathing you point to where you feel it you turn it into a color you put the color above your head you stand and breathe the way you're breathing breathe it through your whole body that's the process and you do that before you do any other manifestation work you do that before you do any form of transformational work we call this in our systems our identity by design systems our real hypnosis systems we call this resourcing okay. Most people when they go to do affirmations don't start doing affirmations till they're in a shitty mood and they do the affirmations to get out of a get out of the mood some of you may have encountered this right. No.

Break the state. First change your state do the work you'll get a faster better deeper result right. This is why when we go back to the identity by design silo we it's becomes step number four or step number three i'm sorry uh hold on a. Second let me um step number three in the identity by design process.

So what have we done we've dissolved all the general negativity clearing we've dissolved the rules that hold you back from moving forward in life we've installed default positive energy high vibrational driver states inside of you what's the. Next thing that we're going to do we're going to change your internal voice how many of you by show of hands have a voice in their head that's always talking to them right. If you're wondering what i'm talking about it's that voice that just said what voice right. We're going to teach you in the identity by design system we're going to teach you step by step how to go back and change that voice to a voice that builds you up motivates you and inspires you that gives you all the reasons for why you can be successful instead of tearing you down and ripping you apart how many of you have ever not done something because of that stupid nagging voice in your head right.

We're going to show you how to change it. So that it builds you up and moves you forward okay. Remember the identity by design system is all about changing the building blocks of the system you've already got. So it makes you more of who you want to be instead of the person life conspired to make you does that make sense right.

Cool excellent. So that's stage four again i'm just giving you the overview uh some of these things are going to be very powerful um. Next is temporal editing this is where we go back and we literally clean out all the crappy memories. So that when you look.

Back on them you only remember them in ways that make your life better okay. So what if you every time you look. Back on the on the history of your life you saw it as a hero you saw it as a person who overcame massive obstacles who was emerging as the winner who was no. Longer troubled by guilt and fear and regret and all those others and sadness and grief you saw things you saw them from a very different perspective where they empowered you instead of held you back would that be useful do you think that would move your life forward a little bit that's what temporal editing is about okay.

We'll be like cutting the anchors exactly what if we could take all of this and what if before you were even born before you even had an experience in the external world if we could actually program this process into your dna do you think that would change you how many of you are familiar with bruce lipton's work on epigenetics okay. That's what a priori priming is we take these processes your unconscious mind has learned from met all different angles how to do each and every one of these processes your unconscious mind has experienced them now we take this entire sequence and we install it we install it right. Here. So now it becomes a genetic template that your neurology is predisposed it's already preset to follow and.

Then we cycle you through your your history over and over and over again until that memory locks that that memory programming locks in okay. That's step uh six in the identity by design silo now how many of you have somebody whose skill sets you absolutely would love to have right. Maybe if you play tennis maybe there's a tennis player who you would love to play tennis like this person or if you're an artist you'd like to create art like this person or if you're a hypnotist you'd like to be hypnotized like this person right. What if we could take those traits and qualities and attributes and install them directly into you the process is called is often known as the reikob effect if you're studying any of the russian studies the term here in the u.s is known as deep trance identification and it's been around in the hypnosis world for centuries and.

So what we do as the final stage of the uh the identity by design process is we teach you how to take the qualities characteristics and traits of people you admire and build them into you. So that you can have those traits and skills i in fact i i i stumbled across this process very early in my martial arts career i discovered that when you watch a martial arts video if you watch the video in a very associated perspective your mirror neurons will start to replicate the movements of the person you're watching and will actually start to imprint their neural patterns into your muscles. So after a while from immersing myself in these martial arts videos in a very very short time i was able to replicate the skill level of the people in the video that i was watching over and over and over again in fact my i might after about seven or eight months of doing this uh my one of my advanced students started calling me the video sensei because i could take a martial arts video and in a few short weeks walk into the dojo and literally be in the context of those techniques literally be that person and perform at that level right. And i spent the.

Last 30 or 40 years building on this phenomena i discovered it by accident in the martial arts and i found out in the hypnosis world there's this process of deep trance identification. So i i brought these two things together and using our approach to to trans work we've been able to very very powerfully install these things in you that's the identity by design system. So when you're ready to learn that system that's what you'll be getting plus all the other things okay. Again we don't again if this is the scope of everything there is to learn we got time for this we're going to drill down on some very key aspects now this is where we start to make this more personal to you this is where we're going to start to make this more focused on you you see each and every one of you logged on to this webinar because there was something that you wanted something you said to yourself you know if i could just get this one or two things from david's webinar today it would be worth everything it would make it would allow me to trust the content it would allow me to trust the system it would allow me to confidently move forward and take the.

Next steps to get even more to move my life forward now i don't know what those things are. But you do and i want you to stop for a moment and do two things a i want you to type that want to that thing that you want into the chat right. Now i want you to take a moment type it into the chat the. Second thing i want you to do is i want you to get out a piece of paper or a notebook.

And a pen and i want you to write it on the paper okay. Because the. Next drill that we're gonna do is one of the most important drills you will ever learn with me okay. I've talked i teased you about it at the beginning of the of the webinar we're talking about the emotional bonding checklist of the emotional motivation checklist this is where we start to make it real for you okay.

And you need to experience this. So there's a drill i'm going to put out us um another slide up on the board that has a template that i want you to follow. So if you have if you're confused by my instructions just follow the template and you'll be fine are we cool are we clear with that excellent okay. So let me go ahead and throw throw this up here really quick i have to find it um here we go okay.

Okay. So at the top of your screen or at the top of your notebook. I want you to write down what that thing is that you want to take from this webinar okay. So let me just highlight this for you really quickly right.

And. Then beneath that want you to write the answer to the question what's that going to do for you what's that going to do for you if you if you were like using a couple of examples here really quick if you were to remove the blocks to your success what would that do for you what would that do for you and write that in this in this space right. Here once you've written that down ask yourself this question what's important about that what's important about that and go with your. First impressions here okay.

Go with your. First impressions whatever comes up. First don't analyze it don't judge it don't criticize it whatever comes up write it on your screen or write it on your on your list okay. Then i want you to speak the answer out loud and ask yourself that question again what's important about this.

So let me just uh maybe this will make it simpler to understand the process what's important about that whatever comes up write that down now you if you're doing this right. You'll notice that as you continue to drill down on what's important about a what's important about b what's important about c that emotions start to come up okay. You only need to go about two or three levels of that question all right. But i want you to take a moment and i want you to write what's it going to do for you what's important about that once you have that what's important about that and.

Then ultimately you got all those things as you connect all of those words to following my instructions in this webinar and doing what i tell you what's important to you about that ultimately now sometimes it'll be freedom sometimes will be security sometimes it'll be joy or happiness when you get a word like that you've probably gone as far as you need to go. But when you've done that just type done in the chat and we'll we'll move on with the. Next part of our process okay. Just type down in the chat when you've done that perfect perfect perfect now here's where it gets fun stand up let me just walk through this with you stand up take your your notebook.

With your answers on there in your right. Hand hold it up at about a 45 degree angle and out five times at least five times i want you to read the answers only read only the answers to that template out loud five times when you've done that type done in the chat type down in the chat or yes. It's fine. But let me know you've done it take your time buffer it's okay.

Yes. Yes. Excellent excellent excellent excellent now what happened what happened when you read your answers out loud what happened when you read your answers out loud type it in the chat physiological changes emotions rise up very good you wanna be kept wanting to cry was that a good cry or bad cry more intense emotions i felt clannish i'm not sure what that means. But okay.

Vibration excellent good here's what you've just done everything human beings do powerful emotions feelings of success connection felt past even saying passionate amelia saying bliss nathaniel says happy right. Here's the secret if you can give other people these kinds of feelings and connect them to what you want them to do they will do anything you ask right. This is what if you fall again we have another webinar where we teach how to do this for client building and sales and marketing and things like that. But this is how you find your why you see for each and every one of us for every context or thing we can conceive of we have an internal checklist that is that describes the ideal anything.

So you have in your mind a template a checklist that for the ideal lover for the perfect job for the perfect anything you have in your mind an idea a checklist for the perfect result that you want from this webinar that you're going to get by following the instructions by eliciting the exact words that describe yes. You can sit down kristen thank you by eliciting the exact words you tap into those emotions and that need to have it how many of you feel more motivated to go for things now type that in the chat feel stronger more confident exactly you're on fire exactly this is called the emotional motivation checklist now we could do a whole training just on this in fact i often do. But as you link everything that we're getting in this webinar to the instructions i give you you'll naturally find yourself moving towards getting all of these things in your life and more the more you follow the instructions the more these will work for you and the more your life will evolve are you ready for more yes. Perfect.

So here's what we're going to do i put together a special package a special offer i told you about it at the beginning of the webinar like i said if this is the scope of everything we got time for this this is where i teach you how to take it to the. Next level i'm going to present this package to you this training opportunity for you if you like it click those links click those links click those links if you don't just wait till we're done because as soon as we're done talking about this package we're going to come back we're going to start drilling down on the foundations we laid in this webinar we're going to run you through some techniques for clearing those blocks to your success for programming your future and to do all the other things that we talked about uh in the beginning does that sound like a fair trade type yes. In the chat if that's cool with you okay. So i would assume that i have your permission now to take things to the.

Next level. So with your permission i'd like to talk to you about a program i put together called the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training for success home study course this is actually uh the entire identity by design process that we've talked about plus a whole bunch more if you use this process you're going to find yourself gaining the ability to program your life for success health wealth and happiness you'll be able to make more money get more dates move through the world with more confidence you'll take the randomness out of your life you'll become more charming and charismatic more irresistible you'll have the ability to close more deals win more job interviews and make your life more of what you want it to be and that's our promise to you. So here's what we put together now this is a limited time offer uh it expires today at uh 11 59 pm it's june 24th 11 59 pm and here's what you're going to get the secrets of personality transformation home study course is a 14 video program that covers the entire seven stage identity by design process the mind control training system that we've covered with you it's going to teach you how to clear the unconsciously held negative emotions and beliefs you didn't even know you had it's a 297 value we're going to show you how to remove the unconscious safety rules that are keeping you stuck it's a 297 value we're going to remove those negative voices in your head that hold you back we talked about that earlier right. We're going to install those four pillars those four default driver states that change your frequency that change your consciousness and orient you towards more opportunity success joy and happiness we're going to teach you how to sanitize the negativity from your past.

So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better we'll teach you how to resolve and remove the traumas and the men the trauma memories from your mind and body. So that when you um go to move forward into contexts that are similar to traumas that happen in the fast they no. Longer have power over you it's a 297 dollar item kristen's asking is there a monthly installment plan available wait for it kristin because there probably is we're going to teach you once again how to install your personal success template right.

Into your genetic memory we talked about this it's stage seven of the identity by design um i'm sorry stage six the identity by design silo 297 value and. Finally when you've got all that locked in we're going to show you step by step by step how to isolate identify and target the traits qualities and characteristics of people who you admire geniuses and experts in their field who have a talent or a skill or an ability that you want and lock it into your genetics okay. I've used this process a ridiculous amount over the years and it's allowed me to do things that people told me were impossible well impossible just takes longer okay. That's all it's not impossible um.

So we're going to teach you how to do that as part of this process it's uh we're also going to include the real world hypnosis hypnotherapy identity by design course training manual which has instant and rapid inductions advanced conversational hypnosis techniques um the whole theory of energy psychology it's a 418 value it's going to teach you how to do imagination games and to really expand your ability to do altered state work you're going to get access to a special online community with over 210 active members we'll talk about that more towards the end of this particular presentation and what that's going to do for you total value is 2497 if you go to the website and buy it. However there's more that we're going to talk about because one of the things that i do uh when i create programs we've made our i'm going to i'm going to just jump off um just for a moment i'm just going to jump back to it and i just want to i want you to understand something that as a hypnosis and nlp trainer we've made a reputation for ourselves of doing and focusing on certification through live events and. So when people ask me about videos versus live events i'm always biased towards live events. But i also realize that because of covid because of the economic processes going on travel isn't as easy.

So when i decided to to begin to put an offer together for you that would help you i had to find ways to flesh it out i had to find ways to create the best alternative to being in a live event and. So with your permission i'm going to share with you some other things i'm adding to this package that will take it and round out your ability to learn this and go even further uh on your own okay. So is that okay. Yes.

Yes. Cool cool all right. So here's what we got we're gonna give you we're also gonna include these exclusive special bonuses the. First one is the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course it's a 1497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free.

So in addition to everything we've talked about you're going to learn how to help other people tap into the power of their subconscious mind you're going to be able to hypnotize anyone time anywhere for any reason help them remove blocks to their success and limiting beliefs to find and remove the hidden negativity they didn't even know they had how to resolve pain and trauma and addictions and things of that nature in a very very short time we're going to teach you how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away in your clients to change the crappy voice in their head. So that it builds them up and it builds you up instead of tearing you down to resolve the negativity from your past and. Finally to install the traits qualities and characteristics of the people you most want you'll also learn how to do instant and rapid hypnosis deductions about 20 to 30 different imagination games which are actually secret covert inductions the seven most powerful language patterns that exist how to evaluate people to determine if they're a good fit for this process and how to take it further um you know in a private practice. So you can actually make money helping people live a better life it's a 1497 value we're going to include this as part of your your identity by design i'm sorry your uh secrets of personality transformation home study course absolutely free total value is two thousand nine hundred ninety four dollars if you combine the two offers we've just talked about we're not going to stop there though we're also going to include remember we talked a lot about law of attraction we talked a lot about vibration and this is where you can start to leverage this identity by design process that you're learning into a manifestation engine this is the hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation made easy home study course it was videotaped live um and it's gonna it's a 1497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and this will actually teach you how to leverage all of the transformation work that we've been talking about how to find and remove blocks to your success energetically as well as vibrationally uh for health wealth and happiness that you didn't know you had how to become a money magnet how to influence people remotely how to find and remove hidden negativity to clear up the issues that just don't seem to go away a powerful new information method for programming your mind in a way that actually causes your neurology to amplify your drive and motivation to do it when people experience this and we have three different levels of this information process that we teach each level is.

So powerful just blows them away and each. Next level uh completely transforms people. So this is one of the most powerful engines of transformation and motivation uh possible that will rapidly change your vibrational frequency and allow you to pull things into your life that you didn't you didn't even realize were possible um some people are already asking for the link let's see here. So if people want to post the link early they can post the link early that's fine um install traits quality characteristics oh this is what's cool using the identity by design process and one of my as i was researching lucky people remember all the things that we do is we want to become more lucky well there's five psychological characteristics that all lucky people have in common and once you have this identity by design process you can take these five super lucky traits and install them at a genetic level using that identity by design process.

So that you can become a naturally lucky person this is probably one of the secret solid gold pieces if you have the combination of these these correspondences together that you can do you can't do individually because again some information is only available in one course or the other. Finally i'm going to teach you one of the most powerful engines of personal transformation and manifestation ever it's called image cycling you probably heard me talk about it you've probably seen me do a few little experiments with it on various videos we're going to show you step by step by step how to set up your list how to do the cycling and you will literally learn you will change the taste and texture of water in as little as five minutes in a controlled experiment you'll be able to do this in your home okay. And there's. So much more we'll actually show you how to set up your house from a feng shui perspective uh and some more the esoteric hidden feng shui aspects for manifestation and how to do practices in those areas that magnetize and amplify that part of your house for more wealth.

So again this is a 1497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free total value. So far if you were to go to our website and try to buy this which by the way you can't um is 5491 dollars okay. Uh. But wait we got more for you we're also going to include remember i talked about one of the things i talked about in other webinars is that there's two aspects to manifesting the life you want there's what you do inside your mind and body the beliefs you have the identities the feelings all those things we talked about in this webinar.

But. Then there's actually the external part how do you communicate how do you express or externalize your desires into the world right. And. So what i've included in this program is actually a plus a couple of systems that teach you how to do that how to take the influence from inside of you to outside of you.

So this is our real world conversational hypnosis stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol level one this will allow you to communicate your desires to people and tap into that emotional bonding checklist guys remember when i had you stand up and read your answers out loud imagine you guys remember how salivating how how much you were salivating to have the things you're you're expressing what if you were talking to a client or a customer or a potential employer if you could have them feeling that way about you or your product or your service to the point that doing business or working with anyone else was completely off the table that's what this will do for you and more. So here's how it happens it's going to teach you how to hypnotize conversationally how to activate that reticular activating system in people anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason. So they're automatically primed to perceive you in the most positive way possible for you remember i said the fastest way to change anybody's decisions or their consciousness is to change their body feelings the very. First thing you learn in the universal persuasion protocol is step by step how to do that.

So you can emotionally bond and connect with anyone you meet anytime anywhere at will we're going to teach you the ins and outs of how to control your own emotions. So that no. One can push your buttons ever again what would it be like if you could move through the world and no. Matter what anybody said or what anybody did even if you got taken by surprise you could instantly get back to a calm balanced appropriate emotional state that would allow you to make the most of your attributes or assets or resources in that moment what would your life be like if nobody could push your buttons ever again would that be useful type yes.

Or yes. If you think that might be useful okay. Cool that's what that's the very. First thing you'll learn in uh in this real world hypnosis universal persuasion protocol.

But we're not going to stop there in this program you will also learn the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist patterns that are. So powerful that are. So fundamental to how your nervous system creates your experience of the world that people can't not be affected by them if one pattern will what if you could actually make anything you want the echo technique is actually an extra one yes. Angelina thank you what if you could make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listeners what if you could have them hanging on your every word and thinking that you are their soul mate right.

Away within seconds if they could be the most fascinating person in the room that they remember you long after that you've left and everybody else has been talking they're still remembering you right. What if you can make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listeners right. That's language pattern number three what if you could through the use of your words redirect a person's internal focus of attention just like that reticular activating system does. So that they only focused on the things you told them to focus on and ignored everything else or caused them to undergo an internal thought process in their mind without them even realizing you told them to do it that's what language pattern number four will do language pattern number 5 will allow you to cause anybody's internal mental movies to be whatever you want them to be without any chance of it being different okay.

Now these patterns are. So powerful that they and. So hard to in fact you can't detect them because they're natural parts of speech you just have to understand what the neurological effects of them are and use them appropriately and this course gives you a full training on how to do that whether you're doing marketing copy whether you're doing phone sales whether you're doing therapy whether you're doing coaching any place where language is involved any place that language is involved this works any context from one-on-one to groups it works right. From email to chat it works from video to audio to phone it works okay.

So what if you could instantly gain magnetic charisma have people hanging on your every word what if that was just a tiny piece of what's in this program that we're giving to you for free it's a one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value it's yours absolutely free for those of you who sign up for the ultra the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study course before the end of the webinar okay. Total combined value. So far is seven thousand four hundred and forty one dollars. But we're not going to stop there you know one of the things that i talked about earlier remember i said that you have this thing called the uh the reticular activating system and what it does is it causes you to orient on like if you're in a positive state it focuses on positive things right.

If you're on a negative state it causes you to focus on negative things right. But what if you could make those things that you're focusing on mean whatever you want what would it be like if like let's say somebody you have a limiting belief right. Let's say that you're thinking about something it comes up and um and there's a motion connected to it what if there were 14 different ways to change that limiting belief in yourself over overcome any connection that you have in any context right. What if when you worked with a client or you worked in a sales department or you worked in an interview somebody came up with a reason for not doing what you wanted them to do what if you had 14 different ways to instantly change that decision or that belief what would happen to your life what do you think would happen just humor me on that type in the chat right.

That's what's coming up. Next for those of you who like what i've talked about. So far this is the one that really has the ability to change you inside and out and to transform your life this is called renegade reframing how to rapidly change beliefs and instantly overcome any objection in just a minute. So 1 950 value we're going to give this to you free let me explain to you why this is important and where it comes from.

So 20 30 years ago a guy by the name of richard banner one of the founders of neuro-linguistic programming as he was training nlp practitioners he would challenge he would teach me about something called reframing reframing is the ability to change the meaning that people assign to events and situations and circumstances a lot of times when people are out there trying to influence you they give you a fact and. Then they tell you what it means. But the fact isn't always the meaning right. And.

So what happens is richard would get up in front of the audience and he would challenge his students to try and change his limiting beliefs and he would systematically linguistically beat the sliving daylights out of them and one of one of richard bandler's students a guy by the name of robert dilts after observing this for a number of years realized that there were specific patterns verbal techniques that richard was using to completely destroy and undermine the belief systems and the attacks of people who are trying to change his beliefs now if you've ever been the target of a narcissist a manipulative sob a liar a machiavellian a sociopath they're going to do these things to you all the time if you know what gaslighting is you've been a target of some of these these tactics this course will teach you 14 different ways before you start combining them to destroy any limiting belief objection or verbal attack you are that you are faced with okay. And it even includes a card game we call it the reframe game and the way it works is you you you spit out a limiting belief or something that is uh you know that you want to change and. Then you throw a card at one of your partners and they have to reframe the belief using one of the cards it's included in the package there's a whole manual that goes with this and uh and you can play it and get really really good at it it's fun as hell we've made this fun it's user-friendly um these patterns have been around a long time. But the courses that teach them are usually very advanced uh they're full of jargon that people don't understand and people really can't wrap their heads around this we've made this super fun and super simple and you can actually start to stack these together and just destroy any belief any on yourself or on other people literally all you have to do to change a living belief is write down your living belief on a piece of paper and just start writing out a different frame for that belief and within seconds of writing these things down one of them will change you it's really cool.

So again what we've done with this package is we've tightened the. First piece is what you do inside your head what you do with your body with your mind with your neurology that allows you to become the person who can express themselves using these techniques. So this part covers external and internal cpi one the stealth cpi program we just talked about covers your ability to speak in a way that people just want to do what you want them to do okay. We're going to give this to you absolutely free as a way to round out your uh your training okay.

Uh it's a 1 950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free okay. Total combined value is 9 391 dollars if you register before the end of the webinar now let's review what we've got. So far okay. I know we've promised to teach you more stuff and i will we got to get through this part.

First and we need to get as many of you moving forward in the way that you know you want to do it as possible. So we're going to give you that sequence of personality complete transformation home study course 14 videos plus the manual with the seven stage identity by design process that we've gone through it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're also going to include the real world hypnosis identity by design hypnotherapy certification this will allow you to go out and start helping clients and customers doing instant and rapid inductions your clients use the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist and a whole lot more the 1497 value we're going to include the hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation master class it's a 1497 value where you get to leverage all the things you've done in identity by design and use it to manifest the life you want the way that you want it at a metaphysical and vibrational level. But it's not it's not theory it's all proven okay. In fact i challenge you to take this course and try to fail okay.

Bonus stealth cpi level one the universal persuasion protocol it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and. Then. Finally we're going to throw in there. So you can change beliefs in yourself and in others we're going to teach you how to overcome any objection and change beliefs instantly during normal conversations with the renegade reframing uh system it's a 1950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total value if you were to buy these on the website and by the way you can't i think uh i know for a fact renegade reframing is not yet available on our website the only place you can get it is in this webinar special offer total value is 9 391 dollars now obviously with covid and everything else there's a lot of reasons why a lot of people are gonna shortchange themselves and not gonna want to go forward.

So what i've done is i've tried to make this as user friendly and simple to move forward as possible a lot of people are asking about uh payment plans and things like that. So let me tell you what i've got for you today i want to give you the best deal humanly possible. So you're not going to pay 9 391 you're not going to pay 63 thousand or six thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars god i wish i would charge sixty three thousand dollars that would change my life right. Um we're not going to charge you that we're not even gonna charge you fifty three thousand or five thousand three hundred and forty seven we're not going to charge you 3 347 you know what we're not even going to charge you 23.47 that's less than the price of the regular program in fact what we're going to do for those of you who uh are really wanting to change your life who know that this material will change your life and you're ready to take that step when you're ready to go forward now you can get it all every single thing i've talked about in in today's event for one long stallman of just 9.97 and for those of you who need a little extra help you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397. all you've got to do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mind www.nlpower.comforwardslash stephanie and brandon are in the in the background helping people uh with any questions that you may have okay.

Now remember stephanie is there for you this offer is good until 11 59 this evening this is june 24th 2021. So you're going to save a huge amount it's going to give you all the tools tactics and techniques to move your life forward all you got to do is go to www.nlp forward slash mine www.nlpower forward slash mind you put those in the chat rooms for people perfect all right. Now a couple of things maybe you're on the fence a little bit maybe you're not sure if you're ready to invest in yourself right. If you think maybe not sure if you're worth it here's the deal give yourself the benefit of the doubt take this program now try it for 90 days if at the end of 90 days you aren't making more money pulling more love into your life if you're not attracting more success from manifesting a life of your dreams if you're not feeling more confident and more secure or you don't have the tools to do that you're not you're having any sticking points whatsoever i'll refund your money don't a lot of people give 60 to 30 days or six and take 90 days apply this material to your life if you're having any sticking points reach out to my administrative goddess stephanie 858-282-4663 and she will help you and guide you eight five eight two eight two four six six three okay.

Uh you may notice that there's two urls in the chat it's because we change the url it's the same offer. So whether it says unconscious or whether it says mine it's going to the same page you're going to get the same best deal right. So again you have absolutely zero risk here i'm taking all the risk for you right. And you can even keep the courses as my way of saying thank you for giving it a shot because if our systems don't work for you i want you to find something that does.

But again as i've said before you don't even have to believe it notice i said in nowhere in this presentation did i talk about you having to believe that this will work it's because it's about mechanics it's about how your system your nervous system vibrationally and physiologically and organically actually work virginia's asking if i'm a beginner which of these programs should i do. First start with the very. First program i presented which is the secrets of personality transformation program move on to the real world hypnosis identity by design and just take it in the order i presented it and you're going to do great right. If you have any questions give stephanie a call at 858-282-4663 if you and again people this always sells out okay.

Um if you call and the line is busy or you get voicemail if you leave your contact information i mean let me explain this this is important if you leave your contact information you will qualify for the bonuses that we've presented. So far okay. They're valid until 11 59 pm tonight and. Then they go away now all these courses are perfectly worth it at full price.

But if you want the biggest bang for your buck we put the we've put a lot of thought into how this course putting this course together. So that every piece of it is rounded out it's the most user-friendly approach to transforming yourself from the inside and out giving you the skills to change your own unconscious mind and to influence the subconscious minds of other people in an ethical honest beneficial benevolent way you'll be the good jedi right. We're giving you 90 days to test the system out if it works keep it if it doesn't pick up the phone we'll work you through the sticking points if we can't do that we'll refund you okay. Um when you contact stephanie you know guys you click the link click the link click the link if you need help or you have a question contact stephanie leave your if it's busy leave your contact information she'll return your call and you will qualify for any of the bonuses we've talked about if you don't leave your contact information we can't help you you will not qualify uh and.

So people are always rushing to the back of the room metaphorically speaking to to take advantage of these we don't offer them that often. So please take advantage of this we don't know if we'll offer this again um. But we want you we want you to move your life forward it's we're in that reset period it's the perfect time to do something different to invest in yourself and move forward in your life to get the life you want the way that you want it okay. Thank ed just completed his order he's with us perfect.

So let me go back to this now again you have zero risk for this now for those of you who like to get started really fast go to forward slash mine that's www.nlpower.com forward slash minds www.nlpower.com forward slash minds again don't miss your opportunity to do this those of you who are real fast action takers for those of you who are fearless for those of you who want to be the person you say you want to be if you want all those things remember at the beginning of our of our um our webinar i asked you what do you want what's it going to do for you what's important about that if you really want those things i'd like you to pay attention now because if everything i've talked about wasn't motivating enough for the. Next 15 to 25 of you that grab your course now before june 24th 2021 11 59 pm before i log off this webinar we're going to also include these special bonuses for you these are only available during the live webinar in other words when i log off this webinar when i log off this webinar these bonuses go away forever okay. They go away forever. So if everything else wasn't motivating please pay attention okay.

This is only for people who want to start today okay. We're going to give you one of the most important things that you need for success one of the things i talked about at the beginning of our webinar uh when i was explaining the nlp power uh or the hypnosis uh secrets of personality transformation i talked about an online community one of the things that we have made our made a name for ourself in is in this realm of live training one of the things that will take you from interesting information to lasting transformation is surrounding yourself with people who have the same desires and interests and motivations as you do the ability to stand shoulder to shoulder face to face with people and do the drills and get the skills i have been running a special program a special group since 2010 it is the nlp power mastermind mentoring program let me tell you a little bit about what this is because this is where you separate the wheat from the chaff from the people who are going to become truly successful from the people who are just going to kind of be tourists what this is is on the. Third saturday of every month i bring a bunch of people into my clinic in solana beach florida and i say what do you want to learn today brandon what do you want to learn edwin what do you want to learn uh anon what do you want to learn jeffrey what do you want to learn joseph what do you want to learn zach what do you want to learn allegra what do you want holly what do you want to learn and i listen to what they say and i write them on the board and when i'm all done i go back i look. At what they've asked to learn about i see where they all connect and i create a lesson plan right.

On the spot and for the. Next four hours i drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay. You know one of the things that i always tell my students especially in my live events is that for everything you get from me you will always pay twice okay. The.

First payment's the easy one that's the money because you can always make more right. Money gives you access to the information. But it's the. Second payment the.

Second payment that gives you ownership and that payment is time energy effort doing the drills and getting the skills and having somebody work with you in a way that you get the feedback that you need that you get the support that you need and that's why people keep coming back to our live events and our mastermind is not just about the information which is the best in the world and don't believe me talk to the people in your chats it's because you're going to be surrounded by people who want the same things you want who want to learn the same things you want who are looking for people to practice the same things you want to practice for those of you who click that link now before the end of this webinar we're going to give you the opportunity to do that we're going to give you a three month free trial to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program which by the way our. Next meeting is this saturday. So if you sign that if you click that link now you can play with us live and in person or virtually wherever you are in the world uh marina is asking what if we how will that work if we don't live in the u.s it's very simple we're doing it on zoom prior to covid we had a live cohort in the class and we we streamed it through facebook. Once covered hit we went fully virtual now as we're coming out of covit we're still fully virtual.

But we're we're inching towards live event trainings and simulcasting it. So for those of you in other parts of the world you can log in it's from 11am pacific to 4pm pacific it's done through zoom and we break you up into into groups we have you practicing we give you feedback we share things with you that will never be on a public channel right. Anybody who's in the mastermind uh please type in the chat your experience is in the mastermind okay. And tell them what it's like and you won't get a certificate from the mastermind what you will get is a skill set you'll come in i'll ask what you want to learn we'll drill you on those skills to you can do them in your sleep and we'll do and.

Then you go out into the world you apply those skills you come back the. Next month i'll say what do you want to learn if you want to go back over the same thing we'll do that if you want to take it to the. Next level we'll do that it's your class it's a group mentoring program and people absolutely love it we've run that continuously every month of every year it's 2010. now here's a little unannounced bonus what we didn't tell you was that we have been videotaping and recording every single one of those training sessions since 2010 and we've archived them in three places we have a big chunk of them on the nlp website we have a big chunk of them on our youtube channel and even bigger chunk of them on our facebook. Private group as a member of the nlp power mastermind mentoring program you get 24 hour a day full access to the entire 10-year archive of video for as long as you're a member of the program.

So you you'll you'll be able to binge watch 10 years of hundreds and thousands of hours of stuff from energy healing to attraction and dating to soulmate work to enter to pain control to instant and rapid inductions language patterns memory techniques the full spectrum of everything that we do is available to you in that video archive it's yours absolutely free for as long as you're a member of the nlp power mastermind group try it for three months if you like it let stephanie know we'll we'll extend your membership we'll show you how to do that we'll have you how to maintain your membership in the subscription if you don't you got three months of awesome stuff you got the ability to hang out with people who want the same things you do right. It's a 594 value. But if you think about what i've just talked about it's actually a whole lot more okay. So again this is what it's about right.

So. But this goal this goes away when i log off the webinar. So that's the. First one for those of you who are fast action takers all you gotta do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mind it's www.nlpower.com forward slash mine.

But you know what i'm not going to stop there okay. We're also going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is a 997 value we're going to include this absolutely free and this is the drill down on those seven language patterns that i talked about you're also going to learn about the three magic questions protocol which can take you from complete stranger to a deep level relationship of trust and intimacy bordering on love in as little as 20 minutes you're going to learn how to do instant and rapid inductions you're going to have five videos on what i call instant influence which is me teaching a live meetup of hypnotic language training and i believe there's also a video called anchors in action and hypnotic hot buttons which are all about the emotional bonding checklist combined with uh pavlovian triggers which is kind of like stimulus response nlp calls them anchors you learn how to set anchors how to dissolve anchors how to use them to have state control on demand tap into other people's personal uh hypnotic processes for doing what you want them to do it's a 997 dollar value it's only in this course was specific it comes with manuals and transcripts and it's specifically designed to allow you to start hypnotizing people right. Away. So you can literally download this product watch two videos and be instantly using rapid inductions on people or conversational gnosis language things of that nature it's specifically designed for people who don't want to waste time going through seven days of content they want to learn the the down and dirty stuff.

So they go out and be functional right. Away. So this is a great fast start bonus it's a 997 right. We're going to give it to absolutely free total combined value everything i've talked about.

So far is 10 982. But wait in case you were wondering i have one more really cool thing for you and this is probably um people yell at me for doing this. But i think this is actually the thing that sets us apart from every other trainer out there for those of you. Next 15 people to register for this program if you've already registered you qualify this is a vip super ticket and what this does this gives you free admission to any single live event of your choice in our 2021 2022 calendar and beyond.

So let me explain to you a little bit about how this ticket works because there are some restrictions and there's a lot of benefits to it. So i really want you to understand what you're getting when you click that link and grab your program today. So this is limited the. First 15 people to register today and when it's gone it's gone uh-oh did we just are you guys still with me hold on a.

Second you're good david okay. That was weird all right. Okay. So here's how it works this vip super ticket can be used for any single live event that i am promoting if i'm doing a joint venture with somebody uh this does not count if i'm doing the training that's over seven days seven days and over does not count beyond and if you need a prerequisite we gotta talk.

But beyond that here's how it works once you have this ticket it is good for you until you use in other words if you get this ticket today at 5 57 pm june 24th 2021 and you don't use it until 2026 it's still good right. This allows you to come to any single live event even if the event is sold out if if we have if we've met our quota there's no. Seats you say hey stephanie i want to come to xyz training um i have this vip ticket that i got on the webinar can i come we'll say come on in we'll find the seat for you if some if a training comes up at the. Last minute that you didn't think you could go to.

But all of a sudden you comes up and you want to go all you do is pick up the phone we'll say come on in let's say something comes up at the. Last minute where you're getting ready to go to a training and all of a sudden maybe there's another covert outbreak maybe there's a travel restriction maybe your jerk boss makes you work maybe there's a death in the family maybe you get sick whatever reason you can't make the training all you do is pick up the phone send stephanie an email we will move you to another training you have this ticket the ability to come to this live event until you use it another great part about this is that it doesn't it it doesn't the price points no. Longer matter um uk is opening up cyprus is opening up canada is going to be opening up soon as soon as all the travel restrictions are done we're going to start doing more and more events australia is going to be opening up uh and when we go to europe or the uk we always do things in the net in the in the state the country's currency. So if you go to the uk everything's going to be in pound sterling if you go to cyprus everything's going to be in europe right.

If you have one of these tickets the price and you notice there's a deep there's a big exchange rate between dollars and euros of dollars and pounds if you have one of these tickets that price difference goes away it doesn't matter what the price of the seminar is as long as you have one of these tickets you you can just go right. In it doesn't matter where the ticket is okay. Susan says uk may be shutting down again well that's okay. Because this ticket don't expire.

So when it opens it'll be there for you susan okay. And that's the point i'm trying to make you can gift this to people let's say you have somebody who wants to experience an event with us maybe you can't go to you can gift them this ticket and they can come you could also say hey i have this vip ticket why don't you and i split the difference we both pay half you can both come to you can bring up friend for half price if you think about it like that right. Um if you just you know each of you pays half there's lots of ways you can use this ticket right. The best part about it is uh david says can you recommend a new nlp training group for master prac uh not off the top of my head is the vip super ticket a separate offer than the.

First offer no. It's included it's all one offer okay. So these are the three fast action bonuses the nlp power mastermind training program the stealth instant conversation of gnosis crash course and this vip super ticket now if for some reason the course you want to come to has prerequisites for example. Next week or actually in 10 days or.

So i'm going to be teaching a course called vibrational healing in las vegas you can't come to that class unless you've passed uh killer influence or identity by design. So if you if you have one of these vip tickets and you want to come to that via to the vibrational class uh we're going to tell you up front that you have to you have to get killer influence done or you have to do identity by design. First. So you can't use this for for a course that has a prerequisite okay.

So those are some of the the things that um and if i'm if i'm doing a joint venture with somebody because i have to split revenues i can't i can't i can't uh jit my partners. So to speak um. So this is this only works for events that are fully sponsored and promoted by me on my nlp calendar uh if you have any questions about what you qualify for and what you don't just give stephanie call eight five eight two eight two four six six three that's eight five eight two eight two four six six three and she can clarify things now one. Last thing that i want to cover with this program is that um i just open loop myself here uh where's the link for the identity by design course only um not sure what you're talking about there oh that's not let's say for example by the total combined value for this is twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty two dollars.

But you can get it all for just one low installment of just 9.97 or three easy installments of 397. um here's what i wanted to talk to you about really quick let's say that you've been around planet david for a while and you have some of these courses right. If you have any of these courses already. But you want to take advantage of this offer all you gotta do is let stephanie know that you've got some duplicates and you can substitute any course that has an equal and equal or great or an equal or lesser value. So let's say you already have stealth cpi well you can go back through our product catalog find a program that is of equal or lesser value and say stephanie can we substitute stealth c um can we substitute uh cpi level 2 for stealth cpi level 1.

So same price point not a problem. So again you can customize your package a little bit based on the purchases you've made in the past. So the total value of this package. So far is twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty two dollars it's going to include the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study course plus the manual it's a two thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollar value.

But we're also going to include the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1497 we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery training home study course 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol 1950 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you renegade reframing out of conversation and belief change and overcoming objections 1950 value we're going to give it to you for free you're going to get three months of the nlp power mastermind mentoring live class virtual training and the 10-year nlp power mastermind mentoring video archive total value 594 value absolutely free and again the access to that archive is only valid for as long as you're an active member of the mastermind mentoring program. So at the end of three months if you decide you don't want to keep it well you lose access to those archives as well. But if you decide to stay yours you have access to those 10 years and all the ongoing stuff for as long as you're with us and we have people been since the beginning we've had people come in for a couple of months three months four months they get what they need they move on and that's fine there's no. Contracts there's no.

Uh long-term commitment it's about getting you this the skills you need to move your life forward to help you to actually actualize the skills rather than just reading about them or watching them on a video we're also going to include the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course. So you can download it tonight start hypnotizing people tomorrow it's a 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and. Finally to put the icing on the cake if you want to actualize those skills even further we're going to give you that vip super ticket gives you your choice of any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar and beyond even if it's not on there yet and we added at the. Last minute if you qualify for it you can use that ticket it does not expire uh price points no.

Longer matter and it's a lot going to take you from zero to hero in the shortest amount of time possible it's a hundred and 1950 dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free all you gotta do to get yours is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mind that's www.nlpower.com forward slash mind if you have any questions give stephanie a call at 858-282-4663 keith anthony says i've saved lives with david's free technology true very true i know keith for a while uh he runs his own podcast and radio show i know he's used this these things are powerful they work and you're going to learn some even more powerful stuff when we come back. So as you're finished finalizing your processes we're going to go ahead and take a five a seven minute break we're going to come back at 6 12. when i come back at 6 12 we're going to continue to teach we're going to pick up where we left off we're going to teach you the special negativity clearing process we're going to do some negativity clearing inductions together we're going to show you how to program things into your future we'll take you as far as we can in the time that we have we'll customize the content once again uh thank you for listening to this presentation for taking advantage of this special offer click that link click that link click that link before it's too late we're going to come back at 6 12. use the restroom if you need to after you click the link and we're going to start teaching again it's 858 282 4663 go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mind and i will see you in five and six minutes you um all right. Folks we're back you guys ready to learn some more stuff type yes. In the chat if you got if you're ready thank you for bearing with me i know you know some people um always think that uh this is about pitching and things of that nature it's not it's about taking your life to the.

Next level it's about giving you a path and showing you where to go. Next. But i think i don't think anything should ever be bought without test driving at. First and that's what our classes like this are really about it's about test driving the technology and proving to yourself that this can change your life okay.

And. So that's where we're going to do. So what we're going to do now with the. Next section of our webinar is we're going to start to functionalize many of the things that we talked about now every time i do this webinar i do it differently even though i cover some of the same things we share slightly different information we may go through different aspects of the fundamentals.

So what i'd like to share with you today how many of you just by a show of hands are planning on doing this. So in other words you're going to use this technology primarily on yourself if that's your primary focus type me in the chat okay. And again i get that we're all going to use these things on ourselves. But sometimes our focus is on clients.

First and. Then us and sometimes it's on us than clients and i need to know what is the priority. So i can customize this information for you okay. Myself myself me and clients me.

First client. Second it's never about me it's a we world okay. Angelina me okay. Okay.

So here's one of the things that always always bugged me about the self-help community is that everybody would write a book. Or they would go to a seminar and they would tell you what to do. But hold back on the how right. Now most of you have had a similar how many you've had that experience where they've told you all about the things you should be doing.

But they're not giving you the how to do it right. That's one part of the problem the other part of the problem is understanding the dynamics of your subconscious mind you see one of the problems that we have is that your unconscious mind has certain default mechanisms a it gives bad things more power than good things automatically okay. Because it's much more useful from an evolutionary standpoint to run from the saber-tooth tiger than to rejoice at your child's. First steps right.

One allows you to do the other does that make sense and. So nature in her infinite wisdom built into us a default bias and the the ratio that i want you to to really and take notes on this and get the book. The power of bad by roy baumeister and his co-author and that's where one of the problems is because when we how many of you work with clients just by a show of hands how many of you actually work with clients okay. How many of you noticed that a lot of times it's a lot easier to fix your clients than it is to fix your own true not true okay.

Here's why we have different levels of consciousness right. We talk about going meta to some meta means above you have certain predispositions in your neurology that make it very hard to work on yourself what i'm going to share with you now is a preliminary exercise that if you do it if you take the time to do it will allow you much more power in applying any technique you know to transforming yourself from the inside out would that be useful roxy says can you use these techniques with your kids oh absolutely i use it all the time absolutely okay. So i'm going to teach you a technique called bucket listing okay. Now it has a cool name and the reason i call it bucket listing is because you know bucket lists are basically all the things you want to do before you shuffle off this mortal coil right.

If somebody's diagnosed with terminal cancer you know they have all these things they want to do before they die right. One of the problems that we have when we want to work on our own stuff is that your unconscious mind one of the dynamics of the unconscious mind that you need to be aware of is that it doesn't choose good or bad it doesn't sort for good or bad until much. Later in its evolution what it does do is it sorts for what is familiar okay. So let me give you a real quick example again i know people are what kind of want to get to the meat.

But this is the meat. So please pay attention there's this thing in the human being that i call the acceptance rejection projection connection what that means is when you come into this world you're nothing. But a big blank hard drive you're this is innocent consciousness that has no. Information other than a few hardwired um a few hardwired instincts like fear of falling fear of loud noises things of that nature.

But what happens is over time you start to accumulate experiences and what happens is there's a part of you that has the experience and there's a part of you that reflects on the experience are you guys following me. So far. So there's a part of you that has it there's a part of you that contemplates your thinks about it and what happens is over time if you've ever seen one of those infinity mirrors where you have a reflection of a reflection of a reflection of a reflection and it just goes off into infinity you know you're not sure which one is the real thing your consciousness is a lot like that. So when you come in and you have this experience there's a part of you that reflects on it there's another part of you that reflects on the reflection on the reflection and that keeps happening until you lose track of which one is the real you right.

Because it's all you. But what happens is at some point in that process that reflecting part of you that reflective starts to make judgments it starts to make value judgments on what it perceives and a lot of times those value judgments are based on the body feelings you had at the time and they're based on the information that came to you from outside of you from your parents from your teachers if you ever take the stop for a moment let's just do this exercise really quick stop for a moment and think of that voice that nags at you that tells you all this why you don't deserve things why you you think that the voice that holds you back in case you're wanting a voice i'm talking about it's the voice that just said what voice close your eyes. And point to it point to it and. Then go with your.

First impression on this by the way when you point to it notice where it is now i'm gonna now again i can't see most of you. But i'm going to bet that for the majority of you the location of that voice was at about a 45 degree angle to one side of your head or the other would that be true or not true if that's true type it in the chat close behind okay. Now i'm curious about something why might that be in the heart okay. Interesting why might that be adults are taller edwin's been to a few of our classes he knows this right.

The reason is because the voice in your head didn't start there the voice in your head started out here because this is the angle that parents have to their children when they speak. So if you come into this world and you're held and you're nurtured and you're told how much you're loved okay. After a certain amount of time those words those behaviors those body feelings become associated with the word we come to know as love okay. Flip the script a little bit if you come into this world and sometimes you're held sometimes you're not sometimes people talk nice to you sometimes they yell and scream at each other around you sometimes they talk about you like you're not even there and it causes you to have these these feelings of anxiety or worry or shame or guilt well after a certain amount of time believe it or not your unconscious mind will associate those body feelings those behaviors with the word love now years.

Later as you look. Back on it consciously you'll have there'll be a disconnect and yet you will seek to recreate unconsciously those same dynamics in all of your relationships because they became the templates and this is the reason when you're born you're a blank hard drive you don't know good format from evil you don't know you only know a couple of things something either feels good or it doesn't it's either new or it's familiar one of the biggest problems that we have in in working with the unconscious mind is this lack of knowledge that the unconscious mind does not sort for good or bad those distinctions come much. Later in your evolution in your in your growth process what we sort what the unconscious mind sorts for is what is familiar what was there the longest what was there the most consistently that's what the unconscious mind defaults to. So one of the problems that we have when we go to work on ourselves how many of you have ever had a problem didn't know how to fix it ran to amazon the local bookstore and bought a book.

On how to fix the problem anybody type it in the chat here's the problem with that and here's why most of the time it doesn't work human beings have a negativity bias. So one of the. First things that happens is you don't pay attention to something until it becomes the most heinous painful element of your life until it takes up more bandwidth than anything else and you just can't take it anymore okay. That's your negativity bias right.

But you also because it has the most amplitude it's also the thing that's most familiar. So what has been set up when you try to work on yourself is you have this dynamic you have this big godzilla-sized problem that your neurology in most cases has years of practice living and experiencing and doing and in the other hand is the self-help book. With a technique you barely know more often than not you got to read the instructions from the book. While you're trying to deal with the most emotionally challenging thing in your life it's literally a bambi versus a bambi versus godzilla dynamic and that's why you fail because the unconscious mind when it has a choice between going for this potentially new good thing or what it knows how to do really well guess what it does it goes right.

For the bad thing every single time. So what's needed is a process that allows you to level that playing field in other words if you've got a level 50 problem you're not going to beat it with a level one technique that's self-directed what you need to do is you need to create a level one intervention for a level one problem and that's what i'm going to teach you because what what happens is we're going to teach you how to build up a history of success because what's literally happening is your unconscious mind is going okay. Here's the situation here's what we normally do it's worked this many times what do you want me to do okay. How many times have we done that we've done it zero how many times does it work zero we're going to do this we need to set up a different dynamic and that's what bucket listing will allow you to do it will allow you to reorganize your shift shift being a technical term specialized hypnotic influence technologies or techniques or traumas.

So that you have a level one technique you throw it at a level one problem you destroy the level one problem now it goes to a level two technique you throw it at a level two problem you destroy the level two technique now it goes to a level three problem or level three technique you throw at a level three problem it goes away and you just keep building that level of power in the technique until it can take on the level that 50s and level 40s or whatever that's the concept does it make sense if it makes sense type it in the chat now normally now i'll be up front with you if i were just going to guide you through a session and just help you clear i wouldn't bother with this technique. But because a lot of you are going to be doing this on your own this is the different this is going to this is going to give you the edge it's going to level the playing field for you. So this is called bucket listing let's talk about how we do this. So the.

First thing there's two ways you can approach bucket listing you can either do what i call uh thematically or um hold on a. Second let me let me pull up my sheet here i'm trying to find my my bucket list sheet apologize for the delay here we go all right. Sometimes i have it right. On display in my onenote sometimes i have to look.

I have to i have to look. Forward a little bit um where's my there it is okay. So here's what we got. So this again you're going to need you're going to need some paper there's two ways that you can do this you can do this free form and again we're going to cover each of these you decide which way you want to do it you can do this free form or you can do this thematically.

So let me let me start with the thematic part of it and explain how this works when you're working thematically you can start with any any any broad subject that you want like fears grief you know fear hold on a. Second fear grief sadness anger doesn't really matter. But everything on your list will have to do with either fear or you know one of these you pick one. So you find the thing that makes let's say we're going to work with anger right.

So i would take the thing that makes me the angriest actually let's let's do fear instead since i already have this prepared for you. So we're going to work with fears right. So let's say i have a phobia of heights right. And that's the strongest fear that i have that's my that's my 10. and.

Then what's the. Next strongest fear that i have might be fear of rejection right. I might assign that at level six we use this what we call a sud scale for this okay. Let me let's say i have a fear of intimacy and now and compared to this it's only a four.

So i assign a level four and maybe i have a fear of success compared to my phobia of a ten that's only a three right. So i take the theme the theme is fears right. I assign my ten i list all the. First thing i do is i list all the things i'm afraid of and.

Then i organize them from strongest to weakest and i assign a number to them does that make sense if it makes sense type it in the chat okay. Sure one. Second okay. So that's thematically.

So again when i'm using when i'm working thematically let's say one day i just want to deal with all my fears right. And. So i get out a piece of paper and i list i just do a brain dump of all the things i'm afraid of and i go through each one individually and i feel in my body where it's located and i give it an intensity level of zero to ten zero being completely zero nothing there neutral gone impossible to affect me 10 being overwhelming right. I assign a number value and i organize the list from 10 to zero and.

Then i take whatever technique that i'm going to use okay. If it's a technique you're learning here you should come away with a level one or two technique for this you start with your level one problems okay. So i go to my list i look. At okay.

Let's say i'm working with um let's say i'm working with fear of success right. Let me go back to sharing my screen. So i'm working with fear of success right. So that again i start with the lowest i work i work backwards.

So the. First thing i'm going to do is i'm going to let's say i'm going to use the magic frame technique the special negativity clearing that i have right. So the. First thing i'm going to do is i'm going to name my fear i'm going to point to where i feel it in my body okay.

I'm going to reach out and touch the image connected to it i'm gonna draw a big bra i'm gonna draw a big frame around the picture white or black blacken the picture out write the lessons on the screen shrink the image move it behind me and nail it back there okay. That in a nutshell with a few nuances is what we call the specialized negativity clearing technique that we're going to play with today those are the steps we're going to go through them together. But the. First one i'm going to go after is not the 10 i'm going to go after the three the fear of success i'm going to work with that until fear of success is zeroed out.

Then i'm gonna move on to my level four right. I'm gonna work with that until it's zeroed out i'm going to move on to my sixes until it's zeroed out i'm just going to work my way up the list does that make sense type it in the chat okay. Now if you want to do this in a free form let's say you've only got one fear. But you want to clear out a bunch of stuff okay.

You want to clear a bunch of stuff right. So same process now you get out a piece of paper you list you just do a brain dump just do a heart dump write everything that bothers you no. Matter how random or disconnected or you know completely separated it doesn't matter right. All that matters is it bothers you in some way you write them on this on on a piece of paper and you go through each one again and now as you think about it you remember those assign an emotional number value an intensity value to each of those okay.

And. Then just like we did thematically now organize those issues from highest to lowest decide what technique you're going to use and start with the lowest number. First okay. So you can do this again thematically you can do this free form now here's one training technique and again this is training now right.

This is not something you're going to do once this is something i want you to over learn because once you've relegated this to what we call unconscious competence in your mind and that only comes through doing lots and lots of repetitions your unconscious mind will start to do this automatically you won't even have to think about it anymore right. But you have to do those reps. So 66 days is the new normal now you used to say 21 days to establish a new pattern of behavior it's now 16 the science is now showing at 66. So if you give yourself 70 75 days you're going to have a little buffer there in case you miss one.

So sit let's let's just use 66 as the based on the neuroscience if we have hypnosis training if we have oxytocin develop you know uh loading processes that we use we're using electrocranial stimulation we can probably shorten that curve. But i assume you don't have any of those things okay. I assume you don't have any of those things if you do you can shorten it. But i'm assuming you don't.

So if we take worst case scenario no. Kid cats that's right. Okay. So we clear on how bucket listing works now here's why here's why this is important to us and i'm going to show you another one of my diagrams it's going to make this a little hopefully make this a little bit make sense for you going back to energy based psychotherapy i gotta find my page hold on a.

Second those are the mind i think this no. That's not it either here we go my pages are disappearing bear with me here for some reason my uh here we go okay. All right. Hold on a.

Second i hate when i do that there we go okay. Draw erase now a lot of you've seen this picture before a lot of you this will be your. First time. But this is where everything we've talked about in the beginning of the webinar um and everything we're going to be doing from this point come together remember that our belief systems are all built out of visual auditory kinesthetic and olfactory and gustatory distinctions right.

So if i'm driving through the world you know i'm driving down the highway i have don't have a care in the world a car comes out of nowhere t-bones my car there's two aspects that happen a is the actual uh external experience and. Then what happens is the the the brain creates a internal representation and splits it into five channels visual auditory kinesthetic and gustatory. So nlp we call this vacog in our systems we call it the primary encoding system now one of the things you need to understand is that you are not the way you are because of the stuff that happened to you you're the way you are because of the way you've recorded the things that have happened to you. So that that that that moment of external experience happens once and.

Then it's gone forever okay. But the recording that you made of it that stays around and that's what you continue to relate to. So if you have stuff that keeps coming up or you have recurring thoughts it's not the event. But your unconscious mind doesn't know the difference it doesn't make a distinction between an external event and an internal event it treats it the same way.

But you have complete control over what you do on the inside. But the. First thing that has to happen is you have to go above it you have to go you have to do what we call going meta to the process how do we do that one of the fastest ways to do it is to is to measure it how and that's why bucket listing is. So important because in order for you to measure something you must dissociate from it the act of dissociating from it gives you power over it do you understand what i just told you the act of analyzing and measuring something takes you from this to this this being your consciousness this being the issue it does dissociates and i dis-identifies you from the problem and the act of separating yourself from the experience in this way gives you power over the recording your system made of it.

So bucket listing has a bunch of different uses let me close this door real quick okay. Hey it organizes your stuff. So that you can deal with it systematically on a level playing field the other benefit of it is that it causes you when you're when you're identified with something there's no. Distinction between yourself and the event as far as your neurology is concerned it's always it's like your arm you're going to fight to keep it.

But the moment you measure it this happens once you're above it you can change it okay. So this is why bucket listing is very very important and it gives you a process that your neurology didn't have before that allows you to organize your stuff differently okay. So let's look. At this little diagram i've got here.

So we can understand how what we're doing in our mind is actually also happening out here in front of us okay. Again a lot of this you don't need to know to do the technique. But it helps to understand that there's a system behind what we're doing okay. So there's a few basic principles that we need to cover the bucket listing had to come.

First because the vast majority of you are going to do this for by yourself and if i just throw this out it may or may not work as well if i don't teach you this. First. But if i teach you the bucket listing. First it works 10 times better right.

It works really well on its own. But again i assume a lot of you are going to be working on you know by yourself. So i want to make sure i want to pad the i want to i want to stack the deck for you for lack of a better way okay. So um let's do a couple of things here together.

So. First thing that's going to happen is your neurology is going to take that information it's going to it's going to do two things it's going to lodge it somewhere in your body this is a picture this was a study done in sweden of where different types of emotions are stored in your body. So the moment you have a primary experience it passes through those five channels of information that information is re reconstructed and spread holographically throughout your entire body this was this this is a chart from a study done in sweden uh where people pointed to certain types of emotions and you can you can find this on the internet or seth can post it right. So this is where point to where you feel it comes in because if you can point to where you feel it there's a body feeling everything human beings do is in response to a body feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of now that projection is interceptive and appropriate in other words when you have this create this container that you've created it's going to get locked in your body somewhere.

But because of this electromagnetic field and your proprioceptive nervous system that information is also going to be stored out in front of you kind of like a vibrational filing cabinet okay. So part of what we want to do is we want to connect all the different files together into a common location that we can work with right. So this is how it's going to work and this is the basics that you need to understand your neurology has ways that it's coded things and this is how it works i want you to uh you can stand i would prefer if you stand up to do this. But you don't have to i want you to stand up i want you to think of something in your life that on a pleasure scale of 0 to 10 is about a 7 or 8. i want you to just close your eyes.

Think of something that gives you pleasure notice where you feel it in your body point to where you feel it and if there was a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling a picture you could reach out and touch go ahead and reach out and touch the picture go with your. First impression okay. Go with your. First impression now take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is reach out grab the picture now just like you expand the window on your iphone or your touchscreen at home make the picture bigger and notice what happens to the feeling in your body does it get stronger or does it get weaker it doesn't matter which one it does i just want to know which direction you're going and. Then when you got that make it smaller you've got that make it back to its original size slowly pull it closer to your body keep the size the same because a lot of a lot of times what happens is people have a picture that's out here and as they bring it closer to their body they do this keep the picture exactly the same size. But just slowly pull it closer to your body okay. Does it get stronger does it get weaker type in the chat what happened when you made your picture bigger and again whether again there's going to be slight variations because people use their coding systems differently doesn't matter as long as you know which one you are stronger one bigger okay.

Very good stronger one bigger excellent you don't bring it back you try okay. Stronger strong okay. Good now the vast i'm gonna i'm gonna explain the generalities. So you can understand where you fall on the spectrum the vast majority of people when you make the picture bigger the feeling will get intense a smaller percentage of the people have an inverse effect when they make the picture bigger the picture the feeling and the body feeling actually gets weaker i call those people diffusers and concentrators that make the picture bigger it diffuses the feeling right.

Make the picture smaller it concentrates it that's a smaller percentage of the population most people i would say 55 60 percent are expanders in other words they make the picture bigger the volume goes up in the body right. A small percentage of people will have will have very little change when they change the size of it. But when they move the proximity closer to the body it'll get stronger when they move the proximity further away it'll get weaker right. I haven't seen as much variation in proximity as i have in size okay.

But. So there there's those are the big variations every now and. Then you're gonna have somebody who um they feel it. But it's not really strong and.

So those are people who have extra layers of dissociation or insulation between the external projection and the internal feeling and there's a way around though there's a way to fix that i'm not going to do it on this webinar because it may cause people to ad react and i'm not there right. The. Last one was closer to me and the body was stronger molasses yes. So was that for for the vast majority of you was was what i described what you experienced true or not true okay.

It's true okay. Excellent now let me explain to you the map i want you to follow okay. Because what you just experienced was an aspect of the vibrational thought encoding system that your neurology uses to control your entire reality there's. So much depth this i could spend weeks in fact i spend entire trainings on this.

But you don't need to know all that to start making changes okay. Like i said you don't need to know how to build the car or tune up the car to drive the car you just need to know where the. But where the ignition is where the gas pedal is where the brake is where the reverse engine is where the you know the the gear shift is you just need to know how to drive it. So here's the basic map and you can take a screenshot of this if you want right.

So here's what it looks like let me clear this out here. So what you're seeing here is a map of what we call your proprioceptive grid okay. Your nervous system does two things simultaneously it processes information internally and projects it externally what we want to do to get the biggest amount of transformation in the system is we need to get all of the body's resources working together we do that through a process we call vivification in other words we're gonna we're gonna use our body to bring these things to life. So the basic map of what you're going to be doing is anything that is in front of you.

So think of something you want to change right. On a scale of 0 to 10 think of letting it has like a level of one or two or three something you something that bothers you a little bit on a scale of zero to three right. Point to where you feel it. First impression now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling a picture you could reach out and touch go ahead reach out and touch that right.

Take now trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big that is make sure we've got the right. One make the picture bigger notice what happens to the feeling make the picture smaller notice what happens to the feeling okay. Now just for fun shrink it down the size of a postage stamp notice what happens to the feeling now move it across the room notice what happens to the feeling right.

Make a note of it now leave it there for a moment type in the chat what you experienced now here's my question almost complete disconnect perfect here's my question when i asked you to reach out and touch the thing that bothers you how many of you reached out in front of you did any of you reach behind you how about that how about that you got 100 plus people with 100 people on zoom over 100 people on youtube nobody reached behind him why it's because of the way your nervous system codes and stores information the default map for every human being is like your desktop any file that is open active and running that's being accessed subconsciously by your system is in front of you that's why when people talk they're always moving their hands to different locations they're literally opening the filing cabinet and reading the file kinesthetically jason meyer says erin can i still buy the deal and get the bonuses yes. You can just go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mind let me put that in the chat really quick okay. Edward's been through a lot of my classes. So he's spoiler alert for edwin.

Anyway my point is when people talk especially you therapists out there when people talk about their stuff their hands will always go to the filing cabinet where that problem is stored they won't be consciously aware of it. But this is a level of vibrational information that you can activate and manipulate okay. So let's look. At this map i want to review our offer i'm going to come back we're going to start clearing okay.

So let's do this. So here's what i want you to get from this every single one of you anything that's open or anything that's in front of you your neurology treats as open active in running okay. Anything that travels past the border of the spine your neurology considers as closed over and complete now let's test this let's go back to our our thing that we want to change okay. Point where you feel it reach out and touch it remember we're using zero to three no.

No. More than a level three right. Now reach out and touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands make it bigger make it smaller make sure you got the right. One now what i want you to do in your in your mind and in your body put a big thick black frame around that picture shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp move it behind you you know the sound a nail gun makes nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and pops will come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead type in the chat what you discovered does not come back my fingers met that's fine again we're not doing that we're not doing special negativity clearing yet how many of you noticed when it traveled past your spine it got weaker until it disappeared somebody noticed it came back that's fine it felt closed right.

And this is this again this is the big piece right. I'm giving you the big pisses. First anything that's in front of you is open anything that's behind you your neurology classifies as overdone and complete now sometimes your neurology will not let something be overdone and complete that you can forget about it until you've proven that you've extracted the safety lessons that's not going to happen again. So anything that's out here you bought your neurology classified as not not imminent it's not important it's not happening it's it's not anything that passes the border of the physical body you start to associate and identify with more until it passes through you think of energy passing through your chakras and as it moves further and further away the charge dissipates because your neurology says it's passed we're past it now okay.

So here's what was going to happen now we're going to do the full technique. So you guys have a bucket list type in the chat if you've done your bucket list while i was talking some of it okay. All right. So let's go to our level ones and twos right.

I'm gonna we're gonna do this together right. But i wanted you to have a basic map. So you understand the process okay. So i want you to close your eyes.

I want you to think of that thing you want to change on a 0-10 scale it should be about a 1 2 or 3. i want you to point to where you feel it in your body here's the magic question if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling a picture you could reach out and touch. First impression where would you reach out to touch it. First impression now notice my position i'm using both of my hands okay. Now take that make sure we've got the right.

Image trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is grab it physically grab it make the picture bigger notice what happens to the feeling make the picture smaller notice what happens to the feeling pull it closer notice what happens push it away and put it back to where it was put a thick black frame thick black frame around that image and. Then i want you to feel along the base of that frame and along the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television now you're probably too young to remember when televisions actually had those things. But i want you to feel along the base of that blacked out for that black frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches one controls the volume and one controls the color and the brightness and the contrast i want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast turn that knob all the way to the right.

Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the image off the knob all the way to the left until the image blocks out completely notice how that makes you feel and decide which one you like better if you like it white it out turn it all the way to the white if you like it blacked out turn it all the way to the left once you've got that take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters across that whited out or blacked out screen i want you to write all the lessons that that experience had to teach you positive or negative. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go keep all the lessons let everything else go now some people know exactly what that experience had to teach them and they write that down like it's nobody's business some people have no. Conscious idea what that had to teach them. But there's a part of you that always knows that's why you're holding on to it.

So just think about automatic writing put that finger on the screen and let it start going and whatever comes out comes out you may constantly know what it is you may not just let that finger start writing some people draw pictures some people draw squiggles some people every now and. Then right. You you you across the screen every now and. Then you get people writing with both hands simultaneously writing chinese and hebrew at the same time.

However you do it just let that information flow some people notice feelings and emotions coming up flow them out onto the screen too whatever comes up whatever comes out put it on the screen as it comes up it comes out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it solve dissolved and resolve from the body solve dissolved and resolve from the mind for all the right. Reasons i've had people write for 20 minutes don't be bashful if it comes up put it on that screen if feelings come up just keep writing until it's completely done. So you can keep all those lessons and let everything else go when you got that reach up with both of your hands physically shrink that down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind moves that shrunken image all the way up over the top of your head back beyond the horizon and you know the sound that hammer makes when it's banging on a nail or a nail bit an elbow makes when it's driving in those nails he looks nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possibly come back it try to bring those old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off notice what happens instead when you're done and you're you're satisfied type your experience in the chat it's gone close deal awesome perfect the image floated back a lot easier this time yes. This is the big deal you see your unconscious mind's job is to keep you safe the only way it knows to keep you safe is if you can prove to it that you've learned the lesson that it won't be lost okay.

Right. So here's the deal you can go back and watch this video over and over again and be guided through this process cynthia says it's gone i can feel it beside me or above me before i put it behind me perfect now all through history human beings have been given clues to this process in our language right. Perfect it's gone it's gone it's gone yeah right. Now here's how you make this work and how you make it a life skill you spend you spend a few weeks collecting all your ones david uh christina david can i use this technique for my guided meditations hundred percent 100 percent just integrated right.

This is how your nervous system works right. Now again we could spend hours going through the nuances and we do in our five and four day and seven day classes. But you don't need all that to start making change you need to know that there's actually a system that works that you can do daniel's asking why only the ones because i want you to use a level right. Now you have a level one technique right.

I'm a level 55 magic user right. So if i guide you through a process you can probably deal with an eight nine or ten because i'm guiding you i'm not trying to pat myself on the back i've been doing this a long time and i do it a lot through virtual mediums. So i know what i can do. But i'm not going to be there all the time i need to prepare you to be able to do this for yourself and i have to assume that you have no.

Skills to start with if you do great. But if you don't i'm not doing my job if i assume things. So i have to teach you i have to assume you have a level 1 technique which means if you try to go against a level 10 20 or 30 problem you're going to be overwhelmed. So we take a level one technique we pick a level one problem we destroy the level one problem using a level one technique after about three to five repetitions at level one your skill level jumps you start to develop a history of success at the autonomic level.

So your nervous system becomes much more willing to engage in higher level processes or higher higher in dealing with things that have a higher emotional charge you see the problem that we have is dealing with emotional arousal the more provocative an experience is the greater the degree of emotional charge the more emotional charge in your nervous system the less you can cognitively monitor what you're doing this is why state control always has to come. First if you get in a situation where you're instantly overwhelmed you can't access any of this material it's gonna go right. Out the window right. So my job as a teacher is to prepare you in the most solid way possible to deal with it on your own do we need to be able to visualize the image perfectly no.

You don't you most people see a muddy a muddy square you don't have you just have to know where it is and if you can't see it just pretend it'll work just as well because the part of you that manages this aspect of you is the part of you that plays pretend when you were a kid. So again it's in this the secret is in the bible it says be as little children little children play pretend at the drop of a hat. So if you just pretend it'll still be right. After that it's just wash rinse repeat repetition is the mother of transformation okay.

Now depending on how close to the actual source material and how the nervous system natively operates is the less less repetition the greater amplitude you're going to get the further that system is from how the nervous system naturally does things the harder you have to work our system is the easiest because it's most closely aligned with how your auto your your neurology holographically processes information okay. Cynthia says the other thing i'm learning is how to play a little bit at a time thank you you're very welcome okay. So for those of you who may have been joining us late who may have missed some of our early uh thoughts let me just go ahead and review that we do have an offer on the table if you like this technique if you like the things we've shared with you there's much more waiting for you uh in our secrets of personality transformation ultramine control training process it's a 14 video set that covers the seven stage identity by design system of which this technique is one piece plus the manual it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value plus you'll get uh the access to the nlp power online community which we'll talk about in a minute for those of you who grabbed this before i log off today you're also going to get the identity by design hypnotherapy and home study course program it's a 1497 value we're also going to include the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery home study course it's a 1 497 value we're going to give that to you free it's going to take allow you to you know leverage the identity by design processes and pull more of the things you want into your life easily effortlessly and automatically we're going to include the stealth cpi level one universal persuasion protocol valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're also going to include the renegade reframing objection obliteration and the art of speed conversational belief change this is a techn a system you can use on yourself and you can use it with others to overcome living beliefs overcome objections win arguments uh deal with people who are trying to uh you know belittle you or manipulate you in different ways that aren't useful it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and for those of you who are the. Next 15 people to register before i log off this webinar we're also going to include these three bonuses is the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course it's a 997 value you can watch two simple videos and be hypnotizing people instantly effortlessly and automatically it's for people who really want a fast start which includes manuals transcripts all kinds of cool bonus other bonus videos we're also going to give you the end three months of the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group uh and the 10 years of archive video it's a 594 value and you're also going to get again for the.

Next 15 people who have registered for this program and this ends when i log off the event today a free vip ticket that gives you free access to any one of our single live events in our 2021 2022 calendar and beyond it's a 1 950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free. So you can really get in again hang out with your tribe do the things that uh you need to do to get these materials into you it's one of the most powerful transformational experiences that you can have and it will amplify everything in the video courses that we're offering you in this package total value if you were to go to the website today and try to purchase it which you can't will be twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty two dollars you can get it all for one low installment of just 997 or if you need a little help we can break that up into three easy payments of just 3.97 and all you need to do to get yours is click that link click that link click that link at www.nlpower.com forward slash mind that's www.nlpower.com forward slash mind and stephanie can help you get handled if you need extra you know if you have extra concerns or or maybe you need a little bit of extra customization uh stephanie is usually pretty flexible stephanie is the final arbiter of any deals or any payment plans and things of that nature. So if you uh you know if she says it i'm going to back her up 100 we're going to be do our best to make sure that you have the tools that you need to uh to get the transformations. But again i don't want you to take it at face value i don't really take my word for it i want you to have experience okay.

And once you're convinced that it's good bill phil welcome phil phil's in phil made his. First payment congratulations everybody give phil a big round of applause excellent all right. So that's what we've got uh again we've got we got a few minutes left uh let me go ahead and stop sharing this. So here's again your assignment now your assignment now is to build out your bucket list either thematically or free form take the process i'm sorry i'm getting distracted by the chats i apologize um take the process and apply it to your bucket list this magic frame concept now here's the thing i want you to understand this magic frame process isn't just for emotions it will work on physical pains it will work on pretty much anything you can point to i've used this on injured knees i've used this on strain backs i've used this on i don't know if i've used this on herpes outbreaks or not um.

But the thing i need you to understand is that the level at which your work the level of information that you're processing as far as the neurology is concerned it doesn't matter whether it's an emotional thing or a physical thing okay. The vast majority of our physical issues are actually emotionally driven and. So the moment you start to de-potentiate and zero out those emotions the physical stuff starts to go away okay. In fact you'll start to be able to use this for face reading and make people look.

Younger and stuff like that there's all kinds of really cool things that that go with this okay. Questions on about what we've covered. So far questions about what we've covered. So far what would now be a good time to ask those questions how do you know when you're ready for a level three to five it's very simple um when you the magic number is three when you've handled you know if you're at level one for example and you've nuked three level ones successfully you can start playing with level twos i would i would go my my tr as a trainer teaching people to do this i would do at least five at each level right.

But if you've got 27 level level threes. Then do all 27 level threes because at each each time you nuke one of those problems your unconscious mind logs that as a success and it becomes more triumphant and. Therefore becomes more relentless and it's willing to take on those other things now the beauty of the bucket list the beauty of the bucket list is if you apply it right. You you've already organized your stuff from zero to ten right.

Now a lot of times if you're guided by someone like me or seth or some of the people who's certified you can handle those level 10s because you got an expert guiding you you have complete faith and confidence in the guidance you're receiving. But when you're doing this on your own you don't have that. So you need to build that for yourself and a lot of times the unconscious mind can't make a leap from a level one problem to a level ten. But if you do this systematic approach that i'm sharing with you what happens is you become super confident at level one which makes you much more confident approaching a level two.

But the perceived level of difficulty through the entire spectrum is only one. So by the time you hit level eight nine and ten there's no. Difference between an eight and a nine than there is between a one and a two as far as your neurology is concerned it's all easy does that make sense. So you're tricking you're not tricking your nervous system.

But you're training it you're systematically giving yourself the ability to step up your game what if everything feels like a tent pick something right. Play with your pictures and actually and again here's a quest if everything feels like a 10 here's where you start point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline with it shrink it down move it away deal with it there remember think of the spatial relationship this this touch it point to where you feel it reach out and touch it like the volume control knob on the speaker of your system you make the picture bigger you turn the volume up make the picture smaller move it away you turn the volume down if something's overwhelming you all you do is point to where you feel reach out touch it and push it away and you can deal with it you see the problem is is that when the volume knob is turned all the way up to 10 it overwhelms us. So we can't we can't access our cognitive resources if you get somebody who has intense panic attacks chronic anxiety a lot of people on the asperger's spectrum you actually point to where they're especially ones who are like really like anxiety ridden all the time if you ask if you haven't point to where they feel it reach out and touch the picture and trace the outline of it nine times out of ten that i have seen that picture is going to be right. Here and it's going to be this freaking big don't believe me go test it.

But again it doesn't matter if you're if your default is this way or not if you point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it push it away it's going to decrease the emotional arousal in your system that lets you deal with it okay. And if you did nothing. But practice that practice taking it from very big to very small to moving it out you would develop more neuroplasticity you would develop an enhanced control over your entire internal neurology okay. These are drills okay.

These are drills okay. So um. So hold on a. Second uh i'm on the spectrum and the batty we just nuked was the smallest image i've ever seen and it was like a two inch by three inch.

So you're a concentrator okay. What happened when you made the picture bigger i don't want to get too far off the field here. But. So that was that was better feeder i don't know what that means okay.

Bigger made it worse okay. Yeah again people have different defaults. So again the secret for you aj is shrink it down move it away work with it out here do everything you need to do shrink it down even more throw it up move it behind you that's why proximity and size are the things we play with the most okay. If you just practice pointing where you feel reaching out touching and just play with it we have this thing we call the frame game you guys want to play a little bit we'll do one or two more things before we sign off tonight you guys want to play yes.

Uh hold on a. Second kristin is asking me to list again hold on a. Second there's a lot of all right. We have too many people playing co-host right.

Now all right. So real quick just because kristen asked i'm going to do this really quick and. Then we're going to do a couple of things okay. So once again just to review what's in the package 14 video set secret personality transformation ultra mind control training package this is the 14 video set with the seven stage identity by design system plus the manual it's 20 it's a 2497 value it's going to come with the nlp power mastermind mentoring program we're also going to include the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course 1 497 value the hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation home study course 1497 value we're going to include the bonus stealth cpi level one universal persuasion protocol valued at 1950 thank you kent kent joined the uh the webinar club excellent uh renegade refraining objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change 1 950 value you're gonna get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course right.

At 997 the nlpr mastermind mentoring program three month trial by the way for those of you um for those of you jumping who already purchased this uh or got your program our. Next mastermind meeting is this saturday at 11 p.m 11 a.m pacific it's this saturday 11 a.m pacific all you got to do to get yours is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mind nlpower.com forward slash mine you're also going to get that free vip ticket to any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar and beyond if you have any questions you can reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 that's 858-282-4663 this total package is worth over twelve thousand nine hundred thirty two dollars. But you can get it all you can get it all for one low investment of just 9.97 or if you need to you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each and if there's any if you have any of the programs listed in this bonus package if you call us and let us know we will customize the package for you as long as the price points are equal or lesser value you can get exactly what you need without any duplication and all you got to do to get yours is click the link click the link click the link go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mine that's www.nlpowers.com forward slash mind and stephanie will help you move that forward in the shortest amount of time possible again if you call and it goes to voicemail leave a message and we will get back to you okay. So uh let me go back now there's a couple more things i want to do we're going to play the frame game really quick or actually let's do this one.

So this. Next drill is a general negativity clearing exercise and it's also we're also going to include a future programming piece to it okay. So to do this we're going to do a little preliminary work. First i want you to think about something i'm going to ask you something i want you to go with your.

First impressions and follow my instructions i want you to think about this if there were a space around you right. Now where things always came true in other words anything that is in your is in this spot is destined to happen to you no. Matter what if there were a location around you where your neurology stored that kind of information a place you could reach out and touch or point to where you feel it point to where you feel it that feeling of certainty that's going to happen no. Matter what reach out and touch that spot and make a special note of where that spot is trace the outline of it with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is reach out and grab it make it bigger make it smaller notice what happens to the feelings in your body got it you got it type yes. In the chat perfect now here's what i want you to do you see your unconscious mind makes memories as easily of the future as it does of the past most people don't realize that because we live our life from few we are always oriented forward. So here's what i want you to think about there's something each and every one of you want something you want to manifest true not true. So here's what i want you to do right.

Now i want you to close your eyes. And i want you to imagine what having that thing might be like again what might it doesn't have to be perfect and that be exact didn't have to be clear. But what might you see in that future what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you're when you do that when you're in that place when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is a wonderful amazing feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know it's really here it's really happening it's really true and there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from point to where you feel it okay. You don't have to see it you just have to know it's there okay.

Now as you make that picture of that thing point to where you feel it reach out touch that picture trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is make it bigger notice what happens to the feelings in your body do they get stronger do they get weaker i want you to play with that image make it clearer make it louder make it smell better make it taste better build in all the things that make it awesome for you and when you know you've got that i want you to reach up shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp and notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as you physically move it from where you created it and move it into that place where everything that is in this space is going to manifest with absolute certainty and once it's in that space i want you to expand it as big as you need and want it to be until it locks into place as you do that i'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as it moves from an imagination to an eventuality to an inevitability and notice that there's a place in your body where those wonderful inevitable feelings start where they grow where they spread from point to where you feel it and i'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm curious what color or colors that might be for you. First impression whatever they are i'd like you to imagine a beautiful ball of that colored energy floating above your head and i'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that beautiful ball of inevitability begins to grow it begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of prediction of inevitability of certainty a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all randomness all variation real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing energies through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe you can turn it off take it away not even you and when you know you've got that you're certain of it it's locked in it's true test it try to turn it off try to make it go away try to doubt it in any conceivable fashion and notice what happens instead and when you're done stop testing imagine you could float up out of your body move forward in time seven days from today seven days from june 24th 2021. seven days of this ongoing programming transformation and revelation compounding and multiplying and magnifying every moment of every day inside your mind body and soul float down into that future version of yourself that version of yourself that's been living seven full and complete days with this new program taking over orienting your mind body and soul to the future you want the way you want it making all the necessary changes and transformations float down see the world through those eyes. Hear the world through those ears smell and taste and roll through that mind body and soul alive with those transformations live a few days in that life notice what that's like and as you do that if you could turn around look. Back seven days from that future to the now as you look.

Back on that younger version of yourself what do you know now that that younger version didn't know what do you understand now that that younger version of yourself didn't understand [Music] and if you could reach back through the wormhole of time and space teach that younger version of yourself everything they'd ever need to know to feel to believe to understand to be as amazing in that future you or in their time as you are in that future version of yourself what would you teach him what would you share with him what would you give him and when you're ready i want you to reach back through the wormhole of time and space back to all the younger versions of yourself that most need and want and could benefit from this information embrace them invite them to move forward through the wormhole of time and space into your waiting arms hold them to your heart whisper in their ear everything they're ever going to need to know to see to feel to hear to experience to understand to be as amazing in their life as you are seven days from june 25th 2021 and when you know you've got that take that amazing set of colors that you've accumulated through the course of this training breathe all of those amazing colors through all of you at the same time notice how all of you begin to merge to blend to combine to integrate synergistically harmoniously exponentially more powerful together than any of you on your own until you're one full and complete united states of you take all the time you need to let that integration take place when you know it's done you know it's complete test it try to go back to the old way of being try to be the old you and notice what happens instead now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to count from one to five as i reach the number five you can emerge from this process only at the rate and speed that all these changes all these transformations all these understandings have locked at the deepest most powerful most irresistible level of your mind body and soul only at the rate and speed that every level of your mind and body is aligned in such a way that you get the things you want that you act on the information you've acquired that you take the steps necessary to get the life you want the way that you want it and whatever it costs number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you the keys to a much better one number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your very own other than conscious mind and now ten times more powerful a hundred times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced hell locked in to that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can implement facilitate express these changes in all the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face there's always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve in your all-powerful other than conscious mind well now easily effortlessly automatically generate those solutions and implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you you made the effort you made the journey you showed up you followed the drills you tested the skills you've earned the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you get to live it to the fullest starting now on the. Next count you can emerge from this process like a phoenix rising from the ashes like a butterfly emerging from a cocoon one phase of your transformation complete the.

Next phase the best phase just began ready to spread your wings take to the air to soar amongst the clouds to experience the life the universe and everything in it from a much higher place a more enlightened perspective head clear mind clear heart clear soul clear thinking feeling acting with self-assurance feeling good all over and glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel when you're completely back just type back in the chat and we'll continue some people are saying holy crap timothy fox says holy crap excellent all right. So like i said if this is the scope of everything there is to play with tapping into the true magic and power of your unconscious mind we've had time for this i encourage you i implore you if you want to go deeper if you want to explore the magic that is you you want to see the world and the matrix that goes with it click that link below join me on the other side and let's explore the magic of the universe together let's explore the magic of you that is together use that vip ticket show up at these events let me show you what's possible for you okay. Those of you who are. Last you know kind of on the fence just go to www.nlpower.com once again i'll just review this really quick secrets of personality transformation home study course comes with a ridiculous amount of good stuff you get the 14 video seven stage identity by design system it's 202 497 value the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course if you like that induction uh you'll learn how to do that and a whole lot more it's just part of how we train you to do these things right.

You'll get the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control manifestation home study course one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value stealth cpi level one one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value renegade reframing that of conversational belief change one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value the stealth instant conversation gnosis crash course 997 dollar value the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and video archive 594 value and the free vip ticket to any single live event in our 2021 and 2022 calendars and beyond 1950 value absolutely free total value 12 932 it's all yours today for one low installment of just 9.97 or you can break it up into three easy payments of 397. all you got to do to get yours is go to forward slash www.nlpower.comforwardline that's www.nlpower.com forward slash mind if you have questions call us we're here for you our job is to show you the life you want and teach you how to get it okay. So that's my story i'm sticking to it in the words the immortal caliber net i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long i love you all good night god bless do the drills get the skills click those links.
