Title: Psychological Secrets of Human Influence for Success, Attraction, Wealth, Health and Happiness!
File Name: M4YwErFj63w.txt
Video Id: M4YwErFj63w
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4YwErFj63w

Ladies and gentlemen start your engines hello hello hello everyone welcome to secrets of psychological secrets of human influence for success attraction health wealth and happiness i am your host and your guide uh for the. Next two or three hours dr david snyder and i just wanted to go ahead and uh really quick before we jump into the content today just go over some administrative details and things of that nature i am really really thrilled to see. So many of our friends and and. So many new people uh here with us today and uh i wanna i wanna start off today by saying uh everything about what we're going to be doing together is real world proven stuff there is not a single ounce of theoretical uh if uh if i'll get to my disclaimer in a minute in this webinar in fact one of the things i will go.

So far is to say is you don't have to believe a single thing i'm telling you in order for it to work for you uh all you got to do is actually apply the material and the material will work now i got to warn you about a couple of things this material um an application is actually fairly simple the theory behind it can get quite complex um and and. So i want to really really caution you not to get bogged down in the why does this work part of it um although i'm happy to share that with you right. Um just know that it does and all you need to do to prove it to yourself are the drills we're going to give you tonight uh and to actually have be willing to go out and play with this stuff the. First thing that i want to ask everybody before i get into my my whole administrative thing is how many of you uh by a show of me in the chat your name your name and me how many of you would like to be 30 30 to 33 better at everything if you like if that's true for you go ahead and type that in the chat i'm going to give you the secret to doing it right.

Now. But i want to see if you're all with me this is an audience participation event in other words the more participation you you give me the more deeply these things will become ingrained with you and more rapidly you can take them out into the world and start using them right. Away okay. Perfect.

So here it is take everything i teach you tonight and wrap it in a fun playful explorational easy going attitude okay. Now this the 30 to 31 actually it's 30 31 is like the average i think what chris voss says uh. But 30 and 30 i go 30 33 because there's uh depending on what else you add to it you can make that up to as much as 60. But we'll take 33 as a safe boost to our competency level would that be okay.

Okay. Uh here's the thing that particular statistic comes from one of the most forgiving applications on the planet hostage negotiation which is only slightly less intimidating than the los angeles singles bar. So if you can adopt a fun playful easy going explorational let's you know not avoid being an unattached aspect to what you're doing you will find very very quickly that barriers that would normally arise in your normal social day-to-day interactions will just drop right. You don't got to believe it you just got to do it now sometimes that's easier said than done and again we'll be talking a little bit about how we can do those things how we can start to adopt that more playful attitude that isn't the focus of today's webinar today's webinar is really about techniques to uh to really give you the ability to go out and and put these things into application now i will warn you we have a pretty strict anti-troll policy i've got four or five people scanning the chats you know normally these people the people who join us on our webinars are pretty well behaved.

But if you cause distractions uh there's only there's a one strike rule you'll just be uh excommunicated to the void. So to speak. So we want you to learn we want this to be a friendly environment for everybody and. So that's again i'm just going to get that out there right.

Up front all right. I have a lot of material that i want to share with you. So. First and foremost here's my disclaimer if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you this is probably not the best use of your.

Next uh three hours or. So our webinars are not long we do we don't run traditional standard webinars there is an offer connected to this class and it is a class if you treat it like one right. If you treat it like a fun playful way to empower yourself you're going to find every aspect of your life improving don't believe me just do the drills just do the drills and we're going to go right. To the heart of human influence persuasion charismatic communication how to just simple things that will cause people to just instantly respond to you and rivet their attention on everything you say if you'd ever fantasized about being the most fascinating person in any conversation in any room anywhere the very couple of.

First couple of things we're going to show you will pretty much guarantee that right. But. Then how do you leverage that how do you take that to the. Next level and again that's what the course of this webinar is.

So let me just go ahead and go through my administrative things really really quickly. So i can make sure everybody's on the same page you know what the rules are right. And i love ques i'm going to tell you right. Up front i love questions i love that there was like 110 people here an hour and a half early for this webinar okay.

Maybe that was daylight savings time maybe that was your enthusiasm i don't know. But i'm glad to see everybody's here i hope you'll stick through to the end of the webinar because if you do we got some pretty amazing opportunities for you that being said if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the in the realm of human influence i have time even in the three hours that i have to say i have time to give you this much. So my commitment my promise to you is this i will take you as far down this rabbit hole as i can i will show you and share with you as much of the the real world just take it out and do it stuff i can in the time that we have i will point you in the direction of where to go for more is that fair if you think that's fair type that in the chat fair and fair and let's do that i'm ready thank you laura thor says my best is amazing thank you cool excellent okay. So i've covered my uh my politically incorrect disclaimer this means yes.

This means no. There will be a test if i were in a live audience i would say this means i know the answer this means i don't this means oh i hope he doesn't call on me right. By the you hear me say a lot stands is an acronym secret human influence technologies okay. So.

So just again. So i know really quickly how many of you is this your. First time experiencing the madness and the mayhem that is dr david go ahead and type that in the chat uh. First time your name and where you're checking in from right.

Cool very good. First time. First time. First time uh how many.

Second timers i'm not going to go through the whole laundry list. But i just want to see how many people who are relatively new versus people who are just veterans of planet david okay. Lots of new people very good you guys i want this webinar is really for you okay. So if you've been around playing at david for a while you're going to hear stuff you've heard before why are you going to hear it again because it friggin works right.

At the end of the day when you go through all the millions of hypnosis and persuasion techniques out there it's going to distill down to a few core techniques that work every time anywhere under any situation under any circumstance if you get those nailed down everything else gets really freaking easy okay. The. Next thing is how many veterans we got out there from planet david how many even people be bopping around planet david for six months or more now there's a reason i'm asking you guys who are veterans been to live trainings put our put our materials to work in the field when you see our new people asking questions and i can't get to them your job if you have field experience where you actually use that material and gotten the result i want you to answer their question in the chats okay. Now that being said as we go through these events as we go through this process if i see a question in the chat and it's relevant to the section we're in i'm going to answer it if i see a question and sometimes because there's three there's over 300 people 350 330 people in this in this webinar right.

Now actually probably more because i'm not i'm just looking at the youtube on the zoom numbers yep a lot of times your questions fly by. So fast i can barely see them. So if i see the question and it's relevant to where we're at in the webinar because i have a structured presentation. But at some point i'm going to actually break away from that presentation and i'm going to ask you what do you want to know about what do you want to learn about i'm going to tailor the content of this webinar.

So to your outcomes as best i can with the groups is that fair to just give you the kind of content you actually showed up to learn if you think that's fair type that in cool all right. Excellent now what do i think oh if i didn't answer your question or maybe you asked your question and the veterans you didn't you didn't give you a complete enough answer or they didn't answer your question here's how you get your questions answered there will be a replay a lot of people are worried because they're in uk or australia or some place where the time they're it's the middle and nightmare and by the way i love you all thank you. So much for staying up. So late to to spend time with us i i really love you and i promise you we are coming to you we're coming to your town soon we're working on costa rica right.

Now um we're looking at the uk canada and australia over the. Next 12 months we have promises to be down there. So we are coming one way or another we're gonna get there okay. So um the other way you get this immediately after this webinar goes live in other words this is live guys okay.

This is live there will be a recording afterwards and it will be available on youtube will also be available uh on our nlp power website here's how you get your questions answered after the webinar if you go to the comments section of the replay okay. The comment section below the replay if you just type it in the chat right. Now i may or may not get it right. I will get it during the webinar.

But i don't know that i'll get i'll be able to access that um after the webinar. So if you really want me to answer your question when this replay goes live go to the comment section type your question in because for the. Next uh seven to ten days after every webinar i scour that content and the con the comments in that section and i make my i do my best to answer every single question i want to make sure you get the answers you need if i know the answer i'll tell you if i don't i will point you in the direction of where i think is going to give you the biggest bang for your buck is that fair if you think that's fair type it in the chat all right. So that being said uh let's see i've covered my disclaimer i've covered this is not going to be um a 90-minute pitch best what we're going to do for the.

Next 60 minutes or. So 75 minutes or. So is i'm going to deliver the the most powerful easy to use foundation material i know to give at about the 65 or 75 minute mark i'm going to present to you a package i've put together that will allow you to take these skills to the stratosphere that will completely supercharge everything you're learning in fact the things you're learning are actually drawn from this package. So you got a little bit of a sample platter when that part is done i'm going to circle back and i'm going to pick up where i left off and i'm going to continue to teach for another 16 90 minutes longer if people really want to uh to spend more time because i'm here for you right.

Uh i often make a joke that to my to my inner circle is that this is the most fun i have with my clothes on right. And. So i want to i want to be as just open and honest with you i want to give you value i want you to be able to take things out into the world and put them to work right. We just had a report um just before the webinar started one of our mastermind members took.

The exact material that you're going to be learning in this webinar and she nailed the job she'd been trying to get for like weeks she just nailed it right. And they actually skipped a couple of steps in the in the hiring process to get her to the level where uh where she's at now and now she just confirmed that she got the job we're excited for. So cynthia congratulations we love you way to go keep it up um that being said uh let's see here like i said this is the scope of everything is there's learn we got time for this much i'm gonna take you as far as i can if you're ready let's jump in and i'll start what i lovingly call the doctor david dog and pony show is that cool all right. So um who the heck is dr david and why should i care right.

Well. First and foremost i actually am a doctor of acupuncture and oriental medicine i got my degree uh my doctorate from pacific college of oriental medicine here in southern san diego california and i've had a practice here in solana beach uh where my specialty has been dealing with physiological illness caused by repressed emotion. So a lot of hypnotists and neuro-linguistic programmers and people in that nature they deal with a lot of the uh social phobias anxiety nail biting weight loss smoke cessation i get the what i consider to be the fascinating stuff the the illnesses that are caused by deep level rooted emotions and that experience has given me a tremendous tremendous opportunity to really observe and understand how humans work from the inside out to know what pushes their buttons what makes them want to do the things they say they want to do what makes them want to do things they say they don't want to do and we're going to talk about those things in this webinar okay. But for those of you who want a little bit more of a targeted understanding i've also authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything ranging from conversational hypnosis to dating and attraction techniques advanced selling procedures um public speaking materials therapeutic conversational hypnosis interventions energetics and vibration and this here is uh from our globalgurus.org i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year in 2020. i'm still waiting to hear how i did for 2022 uh.

But this is an actual copy of my bio me being named number one and a lot of the material that you're going to be exposed to comes from a course called killer influence and what you're seeing here is actually a letter i received from globalgoose.org that said that my course killer influence had been named the number one best program in the world for nlp and i didn't even know this was a thing they just randomly sent this to me and here of course is the the actual page and. So i just wanted to to share that with you i've also got and this actually factors in a lot into our persuasion work even though you won't know that until you come to the live event you'll see how that all factors in i have a 10th degree black belt in okinawan karate fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao. Second degree black belt in kosho kempo. First three black belt in uh american jiu-jitsu style called funkuru i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema and several forms of our niece and escrima uh in terms of persuasion and influence i think anybody who really wants to understand the deeper aspects of neurological influence you should really be studying systema systema has more ways to train and hone than the human neurology than probably any other martial art there's a tremendous amount of what i've learned in the systemic arts uh in our persuasion systems i also have i've been a reiki master teacher advanced chronic healer product psychotherapist advanced dna theta healing benson and and various forms of qigong i like to say i've been a reiki master since before reiki was cool i was studying kabbalah long before madonna ever heard of kabbalah.

So i'm very much a prima donna now people often ask when they see this long pedigree what the heck does all this have to do with what all these things have in common and the question and the answer is pattern recognition actually one of the things that you start to see if you if you work with enough humans for a long enough period of time you start to see a structure to just about everything they do and what's interesting is many times the people themselves the people themselves don't recognize their patterns. But people on the outside if you're exposed to a big enough sample you start to recognize patterns that every human being articulates and they do it at different levels of human experience. So they have patterns in the way they move they have patterns in the way they speak those patterns mirror the way they think and those patterns in the way they think influence how they behave and once you learn how to recognize those patterns you can use it to predict what they're going to do and if you understand the patterns well enough you can inject change into those patterns and create predictable changes in thought and behavior and feeling you're going to see and i want to write this one thing down before we get any further into the webinar um write this down everything human beings do positive or negative is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of paige was asking nlp is the key right. I would take the words nlp and just throw them out the window for right.

Now because we're not talking about nlp although certainly many of the things that i'm going to talk about are derived from that discipline. But this is a multi-disciplinary webinar okay. I've been doing conversation that gnosis for most of my life in 2005. it's not on my bio. But i'll let you know right.

Up front i didn't start on the the good side of the of the line if you know what i mean i i kind of i i learned i started i started cutting my teeth on this stuff when i was like 15 years old and i was focused on three things getting chicks being cool and kicking butt if you'd have told me 20 30 years. Later i'd be in a room eight hours a day shoveling other people's crap to make them give them a better life i'd have laughed at you and i didn't create this material for you guys i know that sounds weird because i'm here to teach you right. I created this stuff for me because i was frustrated in my life i wasn't getting the results i wanted and i had to figure out how to do it and i shoveled a lot of proverbial puku to get the things i'm sharing with you not a thing in here is is is theoretical. But the.

First thing that when you shove all the techniques aside here's the. First thing you need to understand about humans everything they do is in response to a feeling conscious or not and it's a feeling they either want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. Now if you're coming from the nlp world you say well no. That's not right.

David some people are visual and some people are auditory and some people are kinesthetic and some people are olfactory yeah. So what that doesn't matter because no. Matter whether they're visual or auditory or kinesthetic at the end of the day you go through the entire sequence of va kog or what we call the primary encoding system and nothing happens until they have a feeling they have an internal feeling they take an external action that's kinesthetic or somatic the moment you give somebody a feeling positive or negative their perception of reality changes the moment you understand this human behavior can become extraordinarily predictable if you can give them the right. Feelings does that make sense okay.

So a lot of the things that we're going to talk about if if you don't do the drills the information is just going to stay up here i need you to get it into your body i need to give you feelings. So you can understand the power of what you're doing and doing with another human that being said there's absolutely nothing deceptive or um malevolently coercive in this webinar this is actually the most ethical honest most powerful way to influence another human being in fact it is the actual way human beings are neurologically programmed by nature of all things to want to be communicated with. So if you adopt this method of communication people will just focus their attention on you wherever you go they will feel like you are the most interesting fascinating conversation list they've ever met and you don't have to say for every 10 words that are spoken you might have to say two come up with two original ones it's that easy. But it doesn't seem that way at.

First because it's you know we move through the world projecting our map of how people are supposed to work which isn't how they actually work. But we pretend that it is we go through this world looking for matches we'll talk about that okay. So are you guys with me. So far or am i talking a little too fast because i'm excited and there's a lot of people here and i want to get into the meat.

But i want to make sure that everybody has foundations okay. Cool all right. Good good okay. So everything human beings do.

First. First thing i gave you be playful and have fun with this if you're having fun you're being effective the more playful you are with this material even in serious situations the more rapidly other people's defenses will drop they will open up to you and when a person becomes more open it and that you would deploy these materials their focus and connection to you goes up when focus and connection go up suggestibility skyrockets and the more compliant and obedient people become does that makes sense vic the rick and says i'd kill for the dark davis stuff i do teach it. But only to people i really really trust. So you gotta you know again there's levels to what we do okay.

So let's talk about the very. First thing that you've been if you've been around my youtube channel for any length of time you've heard me talk about this you've probably seen me demonstrate it right. And this is called the secret backdoor to every human being's nervous system including mine all right. You guys ready for this it's called the echo technique how many of you have heard of the echo technique if you've heard of the echo technique type it in the chat if you haven't.

Then uh okay. Perfect how many of you have used the echo technique out in the field no. Okay. I use it and what did you discover when you used it type in the chat for everybody who who's brand new when you started using the echo technique even though when i when you.

First heard it from me you probably thought it was the biggest pile of on the planet right. What happened people open up right. They start running off at the mouth yes. Yes.

Or no. Or as tihar records say yes. Or yes. Someone said they felt uncomfortable good what you experienced is known as the spotlight effect the spotlight effect is a feeling of discomfort and conspicuousness that you go through whenever you do something that is not your normal everybody goes through that spotlight effect the only way through it is to just keep doing it now here's the thing you need to understand about that and a lot of you who never use the echo technique you'll have these feelings too it's okay.

It means you're human. But here's what you need to understand when you deploy that echo technique and the the mindset and the heart set that you have when you do it can make all the difference in the world i'll talk about that in just a minute when you deploy this echo technique and i'm going to teach you the echo technique all right. I'm going to i'm going to go through it i'm going to do a little demo for you you know just one you know just within myself because i have a i'm a frustrated actor. But the thing you need to understand about the echo technique is it literally forces a person to pay attention to you people cannot resist their own words does that make if you get nothing else from this learn this people cannot resist their own words even when they know you're using it because it'll they'll only it'll only be weird for a minute and.

Then they'll forget and they'll go back to feeling good about what you're saying right. But for most of you who are just getting ready to embark on in planet david and use the echo technique effectively you will have that bit of conspicuousness that you feel that self-consciousness that you feel and the reason you're feeling it is because you know what you're doing is a technique you know what you're doing is not your normal way of communicating. But here's the thing you need to understand that's only in your head the person hearing their words coming back to them will feel like oh my god this person's really paying attention this person really gets me this person understands let me tell them more about what i think and feel. So they really understand uh here says can we do fractionation if it doesn't work well well actually echo technique is a form of fractionation right.

You can actually echo ask about something else and in in a normal conversation you will fractionate for those who don't know what fractionation is fractionation is a hypnosis term that uh describes a phenomena that when you put somebody in trance and. Then you bring them out of it or raise them out of it or almost out of it and. Then you put them back in they will go into that trance deeper than they were previously how would this work on a group check that great question there's actually a way to do it um not with the echo t directly technique directly. But with the.

Next level which is called emotional bonding okay. So we will absolutely cover that okay. In fact when we get to the language pattern component there are four key there's actually seven that we teach in the killer influence system plus the echo technique that really makes everything you do irresistible and unstoppable um we'll cover a few of those uh and those those key language patterns you can deploy on an entire group of people and they will be affected by it just as if you were speaking one-to-one on them other techniques like the echo technique uh tend to be a little bit more individualistic we're gonna show you the whole we're going to teach you the whole uh what we call the upp the universal persuasion protocol the cpi model. So you see where all these techniques fit in to the formula.

But we're going to teach you them individually and. Then if you want to learn the whole system we'll show you how to do that is that fair just give you a few radioactive nuggets tonight and. Then if you want to take it further show you how to do that okay. So what exactly did i did i close all those loops by the way okay.

So what is the echo technique here's how here's how it goes this is what how david describes the echo technique it's the most powerful way to communicate with any other human being most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment including their name are the words that just came out of their mouth let me repeat that a couple more times. So if you're taking notes you've got it the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment including including their name are the words that just came out of their mouth now why is that it's because human beings don't live in reality as we understand it we live in a very well crafted illusion or our hologram of reality okay. And. So what's happening is we're creating this mental movie or if you've ever watched star trek.

Next generation you know what the holodeck is we're creating this holographic representation of the world and the way it's supposed to be and we're projecting that world out onto everyone around us and what your nervous system is looking for the reptile brain. First is sorting for sameness and difference sameness indifference sameness and difference if it's sameness we orient because it's unusual and we want to know if it's friendly if it's different we orient on it because it might be dangerous. So we're projecting onto the war out onto the people around us the people we meet our way our way the world is supposed to be and we spend a lot of time adapting because a lot of times the world that other people are projecting doesn't match. So literally you and this goes to this goes to the heart of attraction by the way here's something i want you to write down one of the most powerful principles in human behavior is known as the identification principle you guys with me.

So far most powerful one of the most powerful universal principles in human behavior is the identification principle regardless of what your political outlook. Is what your sexual orientation is i don't give a right. I'm i'm an equal opportunity hater as i used to make a joke right. Because you know you've got to be important.

Anyway i make fun of everybody everybody makes fun of me it's okay. But here's my point people like people who are like themselves right. You ask the most liberal person on the planet who they want to hang around they'll tell you i want to hang out with liberal people like me right. There it is now how does that how does that translate down to human influence the words that come out of our mouth are a direct copy of the structure of our thoughts and they have a funneling effect down to what we call our core values i didn't want to show i didn't want to show this diagram.

But i may have to um just just to understand this i don't want to get too far into this. But i think i have to show this um [Music] see if i can find it really really quickly here i don't want to take too much time because this was not part of my regular webinar um here we go all right. Let me jump to this this diagram really quick this is from a different presentation. But hopefully you'll understand this.

So what you're looking at here and this actually is from nlp although i think it probably needs a little updating from the old school nlp stuff. But it's good enough for now what you're seeing here guys and gals is what we call the hierarchy of beliefs and this is very much a top-down structure what does that mean at the highest level you have spirituality and purpose directly below that is identity directly below that are beliefs and values now everything at the top controls everything at the bottom when you start using a person's very own words what comes out of a person's mouth echoes what's up here. So when you start giving them their own words back to them you start affirming in their mind everything that they're spiritually oriented to everything that they they identify with and everything that is a belief or a value and why this is important is because our beliefs and our values are the the um the checklist for lack of a better word that defines good and bad in our world good and bad in our world. So when we start in we're going to talk about this when we get to emotional bonding.

But one of the things that you'll discover when you start using a echo technique or what we call a three magic questions protocol which i'm not sure if we'll get to on this webinar. But if we have time and people want to go there i'm happy to talk about that joan i'll be happy to give an example let's let me give you the theory. First. So we can just kind of drill down this the moment you start echoing a person's words you start stimulating that upper half of the pyramid which generates massive body feelings and massive write this word down affirmation and validation human beings are moving through the world looking to be accepted and approved of regardless of what comes out of their mouth okay.

The structure also works if i'm working on this yes. Pedro every human being is kind of built this way it's a map right. When you start speaking the echo technique you are indirectly covertly stimulating that deep deep deep level of how their world of what constitutes what's right. And desirable and the way the world is supposed to be and that's what i like to call um when we start dividing the mind into uh core data and filters the way the world is the way the world is supposed to be has nothing to do with reality only with how we've created or perceive it to be does that make sense.

So far okay. All right. So let's jump back to and again i'm not gonna go any deeper i could spend hours just talking about the neuroscience behind this. But again that's not going to make us practical.

So here's how you do this whenever somebody speaks to you the. First thing you want to do is you want to give them positive eye contact you want to listen to what they said you want to pay attention you want to agree with what they said you want to repeat what they said you want to ask a question if and if that question actually includes the words that just came out of their mouth they will open up like a christmas tree or a christmas present on new year's eve all right. Don't believe me just go ahead i'm going to give you that formula. Later.

But here's the sticker you just use the exact word that comes out of a person's mouth now let me show you why you want to do this okay. So here we go when you do this here's what happens this is literally the most powerful way to communicate with other human beings it literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention to you to the exclusion of everyone else and this is something we want to be very very aware of because you see attention is the currency of relationships and when we're talking about human communication it's the feelings that the relationships give us that cause us to move towards them or away from them to want to get out of them or want to hold on to them when you start using this echo technique you're going to stimulate intense feelings of pleasure understanding validation connection everything that makes a human being want to be around you is going to be massaged it also eliminates the problem of making small talk and eliminating boring conversations how many of you like me how many of you like me hate small talk like you're in a room full of people like at a networking function or maybe you're on a blind date or speed dating and you're like you're in front of this perfect stranger and you don't have a thing in your mind that you can say it's like it's like you just draw blank if you understand the echo technique and how to ask questions they will provide all the talking eighty percent of the most of of that conversation will cut eighty percent or more really um i use 80 20 because you've got to say something that that that stimulates them to speak they'll provide all the talking and they will they will come away from that conversation thinking you are the most fascinating conversationalist they've ever met they will feel absolutely bonded and connected to you in minutes like they've known you for 20 years all right. I'll give you a couple of stories i'll give you an example of how this works one of my one of my students tj um who actually started working for me uh just running my my audio and my visual one day i was teaching this echo technique and he's sitting there in the back of the room he's going i gotta test this i gotta see if this actually works. So he was dating this girl named patty at the time and.

So he went to see her and he comes back from the class and he goes hey patty patty listen i just learned this really cool technique. But before i tell you about it i'm curious how was your day today and. So she starts talking about her day and every time he she said something about her day he echoed it back about 15 minutes into the conversation she looks at him and she goes. So when are you going to tell me about this technique that you learned he goes in a minute in a minute in a minute i'm just really i'm just really enjoying talking to you this way i want to know more about your day.

So she starts talking about her day again he echoes her back and forth for another 15 minutes or. So and she says. So what about this technique in a minute in a minute and they go for another 15 minutes after about 45 minutes into this conversation he can't take it anymore he just bursts out laughing and she's like what what is it what and he goes you you know that that technique i was telling you i learned today she goes yeah when are you going to tell me about it she goes i've been using it on you for the past 45 minutes because you've been using it on me for the past 45 minutes yeah i've been using it on you for the past 45 minutes i know you didn't i know you don't think i didn't. But i did right.

And he had to literally convince her that he was just giving her back her entire her words the entire time and. Then he said to her he said just for the sake of feedback how do you feel about about the conversation we've just had she got this look. In her eye she goes you know i think this is just about the best conversation we've ever had right. Now for those of you who've been be bopping around my youtube channel for a while there are at least at least seven to ten videos on my channel where someone in the audience has tried to call on this technique i echoed them back and they didn't catch it right.

But this is back when back in the you guys saw i have they didn't catch it no. They didn't catch it at all right. And in fact we just i just did a a a five a four day training i think it was with uh chase hughes and uh there was literally a guy in the audience who i echoed him for like five or ten minutes he was t he was arguing with me about how this couldn't possibly work and. Then i just looked at him and i after everybody else that had caught it he didn't he said i said well how do i know did it just work on you and he looked at me like and he looked around at everybody in the audience the whole audience is cracking up he can't figure out why right.

But there were a bunch of people on this train who were in that room right. Here's the thing where the way you deploy this technique or the the the mental or emotional state you're in when you deploy this technique it's actually the key factor in how well it's accepted it if you just think of this as a trick to play on people it'll still work most of the time. But some people will feel a little weird because there will be some incongruity in it right. Your words will necessarily match your body language.

But if you wrap your mind around this idea that the echo technique is the way human beings are actually programmed by nature and evolution to want to be communicated with it gives them all the feelings and all the perceptions about themselves and the world and you that they've always wanted to have okay. And if you understand that it's a gift that you give to people it's a gift that you share with people. So i'm sharing this with you because a lot of people are coming in and they say oh psychological influence cool right. But the secret to making this ridiculously powerful unstoppable and untouchable the mindset you have the attitude you have when you deploy it because if you deploy it from the understanding and the awareness that this is how every human being wants to be communicated with this is the most gratifying form of communication and validation they can receive and they object to it if they call you on it all you have to say is i'm just doing this because i want to understand you better and make sure you know i get you now who in the right.

Mind is going to say no. To that if they do say no. To that this person has problems that should be a flag for you remember we're always profiling people we're always uh analyzing and uh testing their behavior to see what gives us the greatest degree of impact with that person echo technique is the way to monopolize their attention and make sure that they that it's all focused on you it's impossible to screw it up if you take that attitude because even if they catch you they can't catch you because you're doing something honest and ethical and with a sincere desire to facilitate deeper levels of connection and communication i'm going to beat this i'm going to beat this one with a dead horse because if you really really want to be unstoppable people have to trust you they have to feel that you get them and when they do they become hyper suggestible to you okay. There's lots of ways to there's lots of ways to camouflage the echo technique.

But for training i want you to go i want you just repeat their words as verbatim as possible all right. So i'm going to give you a back when i was teaching martial arts this is how i enrolled about 80 90 of of my my calls when i when i would get a phone call it would go something like this go ring ring good afternoon coral springs martial arts academy this is david how can i help you hi hi my name is bernice i'm interested in uh in maybe getting some uh some karate lessons from my 10 year old son josh oh hey bernice. So you're maybe interested in getting karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh yeah yeah well tell me something about uh bernice what's important to you about karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh well you know david um josh is a really great kid he's really smart in fact he's. So smart that his teachers actually moved him up a great.

But he's kind of small for his age already and i'm worried that the bigger kids you know they might pick on him a little bit or or kind of make fun of him and i've heard that that martial arts was a great way for kids to uh not just learn how to defend themselves. But develop greater confidence and self-esteem the ability to kind of you know be more assertive and i thought this might help him oh i see bernie. So. So josh is a great kid and he's really smart in fact he's.

So smart that the these teachers actually moved up that's amazing and you and you you say he's small for his age yeah david he's kind of small. So and you're worried that the bigger kids might pick on him or make fun of him and you heard that martial arts was a really good way to develop focus and concentration and assertiveness yeah yeah i think i think it really might help him well. Then bernice i want to tell you that you're absolutely right. Martial arts for centuries has been a great way for kids who are small who are in danger of being picked on to learn to become more assertive more focused more um build their self-esteem and actually become really really high achievers and you know we have a program just for kids like josh that are designed to really deliver that focus and that confidence and that ability to stand up for themselves and we have an introductory program it's two private lessons and one group class comes with a free t-shirt i have uh i have an introductory class available today at 5 30. i also have one tomorrow at 6 p.m which would be easier for you well um let's see i think maybe tomorrow at six would be better because uh that way he could have his dinner he could do his homework he could have some time to digest and.

Then he can come and do the class fantastic i'm gonna take some your name and address and phone number we're going to pencil you and josh in for tomorrow at 6 00 p.m and we will see you with bells on looking forward to talking to bernice you have any other questions no. No. I think that's good i think this is exactly what what josh needs thank you click eight out of ten show up now when you look. At that demo again again it doesn't matter bjorn's asking about email it doesn't matter what the medium is i need to really really read it this is a linguistic technique.

So it doesn't matter if you're on a zoom call like i am now you're on a phone call you're doing uh chats you're doing uh email uh texting if you understand the principle people will not catch it i i challenge you to get caught how many people here have tried to get caught and failed miserably just type it in the chat right. It's the same thing and again remember remember the 80 20 principle yes. We're going to use their words. But we're going to use their words within the structure of a question an affirmation a validation sort of formula that we're going to follow.

But you guys get the basic core you just use their words now strap hold on because when you deploy this technique out in the real world be very careful if you're doing it with waiters waitresses bartenders um people who have other customers okay. And here's why they'll forget about the other people and you may get them in trouble. But you may suddenly see a sudden increase in your your number of free desserts uh go up free drinks things of that nature cool daughter just says it's never been caught it's quite fascinating you would think that it would stick out like a sore throne it doesn't this is the most gratifying ethical honest way to communicate with another human being okay. And.

So this is the very. First piece that i want you to get does the echo technique work on narcissistic avoidant and bring yes. Yes. In fact it probably works better on narcissists than any other people because narcissists love themselves and.

So they want when they look. At you they want to see themselves reflected back right. If you want to if you want to turn the tables on a narcissist or you have to deal with these people and get their good their good wishes and things of that nature it's a extremely extremely useful technique i'll tell you one more story this this happened for me uh back in 2012 i was i was invited out to israel to do uh to do some talks with some people who work at a security company and i was tasked to talk to uh the r d people the marketing department and the um the bps. So i'm bringing and i love the i i've learned to talk about i love the israeli people.

But they were the toughest audience i've ever had every day it was a battle to get these people to sit in the front seat i would have like five rows sitting the. Last three rubs i'd say can you all move to the front and i'll just look. At me right. I say.

So i just step back and say okay. Well listen just. So you know i always call on the people in the back row they got up as a group and moved to the front of the room right. As a group.

Next day they came in they're sitting at the back of the room again i say you know i'm going to call and peel them back when they go now we got you this time right. So i had my assistance remove the. First two rows right. Third day i'm working with these people and i'm talking about the echo technique and there's this one guy one guy and he's just like this it's like somebody farted in his oatmeal and he's just looking at me and.

Finally just i guess he just couldn't take it anymore he looks at me says i don't believe it and i looked at him and i said you don't believe it i don't believe it. So you don't believe what i don't believe this will work you don't believe this you don't believe it i didn't copy his accent that would have been really bad. But i have my i've done that from time to time you don't believe this will work no. And.

So literally for the. Next five ten minutes i forget how long it was everything he said i echoed him he never caught it after about five ten minutes of me just hoisting him on his own everybody around him knows i'm doing it he's completely oblivious i look. At him and with the most i'm not a humble guy i'll be upfront right. But the most humility i could i could share with him i said sir have you realized yet that i've just been giving you back your very own words for the.

Last five or ten minutes and he looked at me like and he didn't believe me he looked at his friend to his left and his friend goes and he lifted his friend to his right. And his friend goes now now i don't know if you've ever seen like the old bugs bunny cartoons yosemite sam or whatever and you simply sam accidentally drinks too much hot sauce and the the the red rises up like thermometer and his theme pours out of his ears that was this guy right. He he turned beet red beetroot i swear i could see steam pouring out his ears he gets this defeatedly he's like and he gets this and. Then he just crumbles he gets this defeated look.

On his face and he says i'm really. So stupid i looked at him and i said sir we're not you're not stupid you're selfish every human being on the planet every nervous system on the planet is selfish it's moving through the world looking for itself and when you reflect just like radar reflects and comes back to its source when you reflect a person's own internal world back to them through the echo technique the barriers to intimacy and connection drop they become hyper focused on you because nobody with very few exceptions has ever communicated to them in a way that made them feel completely heard understood accepted and validated and they don't want to give that up remember the rule of the the the rule of um loss of version theory right. You guys know what loss of version theory is you know how it works if i if units of pleasure and pain are the same if i find a dollar on the ground i get one unit of pleasure. But if i lose the dollar that's in my pocket i get four units of pain when you give somebody that spark that reflection that says hey i hear you i understand you i approve of you i agree with you even if you don't without lying by the way they don't want to let it go because the pain the fear of losing that is worse than when they.

First got the feeling. So not only are they getting everything they want they want to keep it they want more that's why all of a sudden they start running off at the mouth because they feel validated they feel they feel like you're a safe person to open up to and the more they talk the more attracted trusting and connected to you they get you understand that listen to what i said the longer they talk the more attractive you become when i say attractive i don't just mean physically i mean emotionally and that my friends is power and it generates intense body feelings that activate your reticular that stimulate your reticular activating system that change your perceptions of reality body feelings change your consciousness for those of you have a little bit more of a metaphysical bent body feelings change your consciousness the dominant start falling now is that useful right. Most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the ones that just came out of their mouth right. So let me let me finish this really quick um actually i think i've covered everything that's yeah i've covered everything that's on this particular slide.

So let me move on to the. Next thing. So how many people here can it be dangerous only if you use it unethically. But anything with true power can be used for good or bad right.

But what i'm saying for you to you is this if you adapt and adopt the technologies i'm teaching with you you can get just about anything you want and you'll never have to lie cheat steal or or pre-barricade ever it's the most ethical honest and powerful way to communicate with another human being okay. Would you like to take it deeper would you like to learn some more stuff okay. This. Next piece is what we call the emotional bonding checklist the emotional bonding checklist is the way you literally reach into a person's heart find out what they most want and desire and link it to what you want them to do it involves a more intricate use of the echo technique.

But it's still largely just echoing. But there are some questions that you have to answer okay. So here's what i need you to do i need you to experience this would that be okay. Would be.

But experiencing it be okay. Okay. Perfect. So here's what i need you to do right.

Now i want you to get out a piece of paper and a pen or a pencil i prefer pencil in case you need to erase when you've all got that type ready in the chat and we'll go on to the. Next piece okay. So here's what i want you to do i want you to write a question what do i want to get from to the webinar today once you write that question out speak it out loud and immediately below it write the answer and when you've done that type done in the chat perfect guys you're doing great you got i'm trying to move fast. But i'm trying to cover these techniques really thoroughly all right.

Has this been useful. So far perfect perfect glad okay. Now again i don't want you to believe me i know that this i know it sounds like reverse psychology. But the one thing that people love about our techniques is that you don't got to believe them from the work you just got to do them and just be amazed at what happens all right.

So uh where was i okay. So what do i want from today's webinar you wrote the answer down yes. Now right. Next question now assume that assuming your mind now close your eyes.

Imagine now that you've got it like you're living the dream whatever you you came to this webinar to get you got it you're using it it's paying off for you as you think about those feelings and you link those feelings to this webinar like we like we're talking about write this question down speak it out loud and write the answer here's the question i want you to write what's important about that. So what to literally you've written down what you're going to get from this webinar and what it's going to do for you what's important to you about it write out the answer when you've done that type done perfect you guys are really you guys are fast holy cow we're going to do this a couple of times this is kind of a wash with repeat process right. So now that you've written down what's important about that if you've got that in other words you got what you wanted you know why it's important what's important about it and you've got that satisfied what would that allow you to do right. Write down what that would allow you to do or allow you to experience and.

Then ultimately if you got what you came to from this webinar and you got what was important about that and it allowed you to do x ultimately what's important about that what's that going to give you when you're done type it in the chat okay. Now here now if you're driving don't do this okay. If you are driving and you want to participate pull off to the side of the road find a parking lot put the car in park turn off the engine get out of your car stand up hold your list in front of you and all i want you to do now as we connect all these things together i want you to speak the answers to your questions out loud five times just read them out loud five times go liberate heal and connect okay. Great when you've done it five times type done in the chat that's the answers you don't have to ask the questions just the answers just speak them out loud as much as you can and tell me what happened to the body feelings you have what happened to the feelings in your body when you when you did that relaxation okay.

It's already here healing connect okay. All i want is to feel good more confidence okay. Did the feelings in your body shift and change do they get stronger do they change tell me be honest right. This is the secret when you start tapping in when you start asking the what's important about question it remember that pyramid i showed you it taps into the values and beliefs and the identity level of the person you're doing this to people cannot just like echo technique people cannot talk about themselves without going into an intense pleasure state.

But when you start talking about context-specific influence context-specific emotional needs. But what's important about question allows you to tap into their emotional reasons for wanting to do the thing you just said you wanted them to do are you following me. So far is it better to do my mother tongue probably probably okay. So here's the secret once you've elicited this particular emotional hierarchy of emotional needs or words all you have to do is describe your product your service you your stories using their words the more you do that the more those body feelings you've just experienced will start to grow after a certain number of repetitions they will just arbitrarily decide that you embody the solution to their needs and they will tend to do business with you by default laura says i feel powered in authentic okay.

So the let me show well again i wanted to show you this because i'm uh we're coming up on the 15 minute mark or the hour the 75 minute mark. So i wanted to run you through this drill i have a whole chart here that's we're going to walk through this whole practice if we're just echoing how do we share who we are you don't well actually you do let me let me rephrase that there's a there's another process based on echoing called three magic questions three magic questions is a way to take someone from complete stranger to intimate partner many times in as little as 20 minutes okay. And at the level two level three question what you're doing is you're actually telling your stories using their words and if we if people want to learn about that. Then uh i'm happy to to talk about that three magic questions is awesome i've done it many times.

So there were some things that i wanted to share with you. So um when we come i'm gonna if it's okay. With you if it's okay. Uh i'd like to share with you the program the package i put together for you it'll take about 30 minutes or.

So 35 minutes. Then when we're done i'd like to circle back i'd like to pick up and teach you the actual structure of the emotional bonding checklist and. Then if you want to we have a couple different choices we can talk about how to remove resistance we can talk about three magic questions protocol we can talk about the most power the four most powerful language patterns in the world we want to kind of do every single one. But i am curious which one do most of you want to know about when we come back type it in the chat three magic okay.

Magic questions magic oh okay. All right. Okay. Is this really live yes.

It is okay. All right. So this particular group seems to want to focus more on three magic questions and i'm fine with that if we have time if we have time uh i will share with you a little bit about um resistance removal because it also it's a little bit of a different it's really cool actually because if you understand this protocol you can actually make people want to do the things they just said they don't want to do which is kind of fun. But you got to use it ethically okay.

Don't touch us with a good time oh i'm sorry isn't that why you came to learn some cool stuff has this been useful. So far are you having fun because if you're not having fun what's the point right. All right. So here's my promise to you i'm going to show you the package i put together for you give you the opportunity to level up i'm going to come back i'm going to seal you the structure of the emotional bonding checklist and how to deploy it i'll do a demo for you and.

Then i will teach you either three magic questions or and if we have time resistance removals that sound like a plan type it in the tab perfect all right. Let's go ahead and do this all right. All right. So by the way for i mentioned this at the beginning of the class that the techniques i'm teaching you are all found in our killer influence and cpi systems they're derived from what we call the universal persuasion protocol and what you're learning really really quick is all contained here in these.

First four levels okay. So i just wanted to share that with you really quick and i can circle back and we can cover that we just did the emotional bonding checklist and with your permission we're going to go into the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion mastery home study course this is a course that you know like i said when i was. First studying this i didn't develop these things for you i had problems i was the proverbial bullied kid i had little to no. Social skills uh i was bigger around than i was tall and i made a decision right.

When i was like 11 years old that i was gonna find a way to be the most irresistible dude on the planet okay. And it didn't matter to me whether it was attraction whether it was business i just i just i had i i had. So much rejection in my life i just couldn't take it anymore and i just asked god to show me the way and he led me on an amazingly painful journey in some cases and i had to shovel lots and lots of crap and what came out of it was a system i developed for me and with love and gratitude uh and following the universe's orders i'm sharing it with you now. So here we go secrets of human influence is all about helping you take your life to the.

Next level it's about obviously making more money closing more deals getting more dates helping more people feeling more confident feeling more powerful it's really about winning the game of life at the beginning of this webinar you saw you know psychological secrets of human influence for health wealth success happiness attraction the whole shebang if you apply these skills in the way i'm teaching you human beings will flock to you like moths to a flame they will no. Longer in many cases be a mystery to you you will automatically become more charming and charismatic and irresistible and you need to know how to handle that kind of power. So uh hopefully your head is screwed on straight. So here's what we put together for you this offer does expire on november 17 2021 that's 11 59 p.m tonight here's what we got for you the secrets of human influence course is a 17 video home study program that includes the seven stage universal persuasion protocol that was that little target diagram that i showed you it's going to teach you step by step how to think like a master of influence how to understand the basic principles that drive you in behavior and how you can begin to modify your own psyche and create a persona that can move through the world exerting tremendous power and influence and create goals and strategies and tactics for achieving your outcome it's we call it how to think like a master influencer it's a 297 value that's just one of the modules in this program we're also going to show you in in very powerful very testable ways how to control your own psycho-emotional state.

So nobody else can push your buttons ever again not only that we're going to link that to what we call power report skills there are three types of rapport that we teach in the killer influence system you're going to learn how each of those three work when to use them when not to use them certain types of rapport skills are only good for attraction other types of rapport are good for friendship you use the wrong one at the wrong time you wind up making a friend when you wanted a lover or a boyfriend or a girlfriend you use the right. One at the right. Time the right. One wrong one at the wrong time you may wind up with a stalker right.

We're going to show you how to do these things we're going to show you the different levels and why most people fail at getting rapport and how you can make it ridiculously simple to generate the kind of attraction and connection that you want automatically it's a 297 value. But that's just part of the entire 17 video package actually there's more videos in this we actually upgraded this i think it's like 20 25 videos now we're gonna teach you the most irresistible hypnotic language patterns on the planet patterns that are. So powerful that you can't even resist them when you know they're being done we're going to show you like some of these patterns will teach you how to literally monopolize a person's focus of attention and literally cause them to automatically do whatever state process or experience you want them to undergo it's completely covert these words even when you know they're being used they still affect you okay. We're going to teach you how to make anybody's internal pictures internal movies be exactly what you described with absolutely zero possibility of mistake or error what would you what would your life be like if when you described the process they automatically had 100 understanding of what you wanted and they could not resist it right.

This would make you far more charismatic if you're any if you do any form of writing sales copy marketing storytelling this just takes everything and completely causes massive absorption in the process and people go into very powerful very pleasurable trans states that they don't want to come out of. So they. Then they link those good feelings to you what if you had the power to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your subject or your listeners would that be a useful skill to have we have a language pattern that will do exactly that and the person will process it with the same level of truth and belief as the certainty that you know the sun's coming up tomorrow it's crazy how this works and once you understand the structure of the thoughts and how it is mirrored in language you can deploy this on top of your powerful uh echo techniques and your emotional bonding checklist and even take it take these connections and the suggestibility even deeper and. Then.

Finally what if you could make anything you want actually cause or mean anything you want in the minds of your listener this is just four of the patterns that we're going to teach you and again it's well it's worth it's probably what more than 2 970 dollars not the 297 we got listed here. But this is one of the most powerful uh modules in the system. But it is part of a system. So if you've seen our 21 most powerful words in human language video this will give you the nuts and bolts behind it and allow you to deploy it within the entire upp system or cpi system for maximum effect.

Then we're going to teach you how to systematically manage the emotional states of others you have absolute control over your own emotional states that's what we teach you in module two. But how do you deploy that how do you bridge that to manage the states of other people and get them to do what you want them to do and have them feel like it's their own idea part of that is the emotional bonding checklist other parts of it are things like the golden bubble or if you've heard of our sphere of influence techniques these are things that you'll learn you'll learn some of the most powerful questions that are actually not questions or actually commands that cause people to access states where the behavior is a natural byproduct of accessing their emotional states it's very cool it's very easy to do you just gotta have the steps down to do it we're gonna show you step by step how to do that simple easy fast effective we're going to teach you how to hijack somebody's own internal behavior code early at the beginning of the webinar i said that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. And in addition to that when they actually act on those feelings different parts of their brain turn on and off in different sequences and once you understand how to perceive the pattern within a person's speech you actually know what sequence of brain areas you need to stimulate in the precise order and way you need to do it. So they'll naturally take the behavior and do the action you want it's actually one of the least used states because the stuff we teach you ahead of time is actually.

So powerful most people don't need this. But it's nice to know how to do it much whatever you want them to do it's a 297 value we're going to include this the killer influence master text it's a 200 plus page manual that has an additional like five to seven modules in it. So what i've just showed here is what they call the ubp the universal persuasion protocol inside this master text is a section on cold reading how to look. At people and get and make educated guesses about them that make them think you're psychic and when people think you know things about them that you couldn't know any other way they become hyper suggestible you're going to learn about authority one of the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence that even work with if you don't have rapport.

But when you do have rapport the level of compliance that you get goes off the charts okay. We're going to teach you about attractivity how to generate immense feelings of attraction in other people both physical and emotional and how to use that to create compliance we're going to talk about proxemic hypnotic operators where to stand where to sit in relation to another human being. So that their own neurology psychologically positions you and gives you more authority in their world places how to set it up meaning how to sit at a dinner on a date um what side to stand on for for them to like you more versus what side to avoid if you don't want them how to create instant connection by moving below their eye level versus above their eye level all these things create changes in a person's neurology that are completely transparent and if you understand how they work you can use them even in places where you can't use your language and that's the power of killer influence is that it takes you in a direction where you if you're in a situation or circumstance where you can't speak or you can't maximize the subtleties of language you have all of these behavioral influence techniques that you can begin to deploy to maximize your charisma maximize your authority maximize your attraction maximize the the connection that people feel towards you okay. These are just again extra modules in the killer influence text um it also includes tech uh chapters on lie detection chapters on i think this one has some some stuff on meta programs which are other types of filters in the human nervous system that if you match them people will just automatically feel more comfortable around you and you'll know how to explain things to them in a way that makes them want to do what you want them to do they go really really they work really really well um with the emotional bonding checklist and the echo technique in fact if you're using the echo technique you're actually doing this deeper level of influence automatically it's just you didn't know you were doing it there's.

So many things that the echo technique does for you and allows you to leverage which is why we teach it. First when you look. At all the things that end like disciplines like nlp want you to do seven out of ten of them eight out of ten of them are covered by just echoing a person's words and you don't have to think about it right. So it makes your job really really easy and if you can you do this work from the heart everything you do will leave people feeling better about you you'll never have to worry about lying cheating stealing doing something unethical you'll never have to worry about not being able to sleep at night because you did something against that was that was not wrong that was wrong in another person's world it's just that powerful right.

So that's a 418 value right. There we're going to conclude that with the package and you're going to get a special online access to our members only community which is where you get the hands-on in the practice if you're stuck at home it's priceless total total uh retail for this is two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars. But as you can probably guess uh we wanted to make this as comprehensive a package for you as possible we wanted to give you the best deal humanly possible and make sure if you can't get to a live event which i really want you to come to our live event. So i can really guide you personally on your journey and really feel what it's like to have these techniques work with you and you working within other people anybody who's in the in the chat uh who's been hanging around playing it david for a while who's been to a live event explain to these people just the difference between the video versus the live and my word for it that's why the veterans are here the people who've been bopping around planet david long enough to tell you that the fastest deepest way to get this material into you is to come to the live event.

But if you can't this program will will be a great. Second choice. So here's what else we've got for you we're also going to include these special bonuses a weapons of mass instruction the structure and seductive and scientific storytelling secrets storytelling and metaphor is literally the most powerful persuasion and influence force on the planet high-level speakers like t harveck or mark victor hanson's lisa sasebic you know barrack obama uh you know bill clinton uh ronald reagan the great storyteller all use story with massive massive precision. But the problem is is that when you try to learn how to use story strategically when you try to learn how to use story to motivate and inspire people and influence people there's a lot of confusion and.

So i was frustrated i i literally bought like 10 courses on storytelling and they all said the same thing and i kept coming away from it feeling more confused than i started and i realized that if i wanted to to create a a course on storytelling that i wanted to attend i was going to have to create it and. So i've discovered i started going to the neuroscience and i discovered that stories could be divided into five basic categories the. First one is what we call stories for connection these are short little modules and vignettes that you can tell on the line at starbucks in the line at the movie theater where you can instantly create a bond in a connection with another person the. Next level of story is uh what we call alpha stories alpha stories are stories that are used to motivate to persuade to inspire to lead these are these stories have a lot of persuasive and motivational push to them and there's a structure to them and certain uh stock categories that you can begin to integrate.

But there's other types of story as well and this brings us into something that very few people know about very few people talk about and it's called omega stories omega stories are based on this idea of uh strategies and stories that actually remove resistance to persuasion. So if you think about let me explain let me jump out of my my powerpoint see if i can explain this to you a little bit visually. So alpha stories versus omega stories if you think if i have a filing cabinet for example right. And i want to i want to push that filing cabinet or pull that filing cabinet across the room it's heavy i gotta i gotta have a lot of juice behind me to to move that filing cabinet that's an alpha story.

But the cabinet doesn't change. But let's say i take some oil or some rollers and i and i lubricate the floor now i can move that filing cabinet easier that's what omega stories do and the most powerful thing about stories in general and this is important for those of you who are interested in covert work stories are never perceived consciously as an attempt to persuade and yet they are the most persuasive tool we have they literally change attitude beliefs perceptions in the background and what i discovered in my when i was going through the neuroscience was that there are six key characteristics for any story to be what we call transportable in other words it causes. So much absorption in the state or the story that you're creating that people don't want to break it really really powerful people are asking for the link already uh let me go ahead and put that in the chat for you guys um hold on a. Second it's uh i let me put it in the chat for the zoomers as well because people are already asking.

So i'm just going to go ahead and do that um come on a. Second where is it okay. Okay. So there it is for those of you want to get an early start.

But let me finish this. So that's omega stories omega stories are super super powerful. So if you're in any kind of mediation negotiation if you're doing focus groups of any kind there's a checklist that we give you in this course that you you can actually tell your story hand this questionnaire to the audience or the focus group and they can rate the story based on these characteristics and you can actually drill down and improve the story based on the things that are neurologically proven to become to make it even more compelling right. Those are omega stories and.

Then there's the. Next chapter in this particular course called ninja stories and this is kind of where people think about nlp when you think about high-level speakers like t harvecker or barack obama or uh robert allen or again mark jansen lisa sasebic how do these people uh who's another one um doctor doc not um what's his name the chiropractor guy right. But um. Anyway how do they get these people stampeding to the back of the room to sign up for your product or your course or whatever there's about 10 different techniques that high-level speakers who this can embed within any of the stories i just talked about and literally prime you to rush to the back of the room.

So not only are stories more powerful in and of themselves when you start embedding these other techniques i call them i call it a ninja module we call it ninja nlp our ninja stories once you embed these people will literally rush to the back of the room and what we do to kind of cement this understanding in is we actually take the talk a talk by t harvecker we take a transcript of his his clothes and we actually break it apart we reverse engineer it. So that you see every single thing that he's doing and. So you understand what he's doing a. So you become aware of it when it's used on you.

But also. So you can start to build these things into your own presentations because these people are not going to teach you that part they're going to teach you how to create an offer they're going to teach you how to stand on stage you're going to teach you how to hold the microphone. But they're not going to teach you that part. So we're going to give it we give you the whole thing in that class right.

It's really really powerful people are amazed at how powerful story work can be once you understand the book. T harvecker okay. So that's that's we're gonna give that to absolutely free okay. Uh because we want you to have the whole the whole enchilada.

So to speak it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free. So the total combined value in the webinar. So far it's four thousand four hundred and forty seven dollars. But we're gonna we're not stopping there we're also going to include one of my favorite courses of all time this is called renegade reframing in the art of conversational belief change it literally will teach you how to overcome any objection or limiting belief that you're you're presented with in seconds now imagine this for a moment what if for every time somebody said no.

To you or gave you a reason why they didn't want to do something you wanted them to do you had at least 14 different ways to get them to say yes. Would that be useful yes. Right. That's exactly what renegade reframing is about renegade reframing is based on a series of linguistic patterns uh uh known as sleight of mouth sleight of mouth was created by a man named robert dilts who uh elicited watching the founder nlp richard bandler get into these frame wars and these reframe games with his students he would try he would challenge his students to try and change his limiting belief and he would use one of these patterns to defeat them every single time there is.

So much power when you actually write down your own limiting beliefs and you start hitting it with these patterns your belief will spontaneously change you will dissolve your own limiting beliefs in seconds and when you use these for writing sales copy or sales presentations or dealing with clients all of a sudden you'll see the lights come on inside because one one or more of these patterns will completely get them to think differently about the problem the limiting belief and it can happen instantly and the best part is we actually include a we made a special card game with this called the reframe game the reframe game is literally a card game where you state a limiting belief or an objection you throw a card at somebody and they have to use the pattern listed on that card to overcome the belief if they succeed. Then they get to challenge them back and if you don't. Then it goes back and forth until somebody wins now the other thing is that it also comes with templates. So you can literally get a little a framework of how to create and fill in the blanks these particular uh patterns.

So that you get the structure of them embedded into your neurology. So that they just flow out the top of your head right. So it's really cool and if you're going to write any form of sales copy this is a great way to pressure test it because everybody who do sales is going to run up against objections well if you understand what the objections you get most common you'd use these 14 patterns to create answers to these objections before they ever have a chance to come up and here's a secret if you answer a person's objection before they have a chance to say it the persuasion goes in deeper right. It's really really powerful it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to absolutely free because we want you to be ready to get that success that attraction that health wealth success and happiness we talked about this is for you right.

These are things that i found absolutely fine fantastic they're part of our killer influences dpi systems and they will take away uh they will take your whole life to another level. But if you just use the echo technique you're going to find your life changing. Anyway. But it gets deeper i showed you i told you there was a system to this i want to share with you the whole system this final this final particular course is the one that if you plan on how many i guess just.

So i understand you better how many of you here actually as part of your career or part of your job path do any form of public speaking or presentation anybody here doing that if you do this is probably one of the most important courses uh we can include in this program it's called charisma on command and it's literally hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers once again this is not this is gonna this is not gonna just about how to create an offer although we're gonna show you that we're gonna show you once again what we call persuasion architecture we're gonna teach you two different forms of presentation one is for large groups one is for small groups um we're going to teach you how to create powerful compelling presentations that have people salivating to take your course or to book. A session with you how to buy your product at the back of the room or just take the material that you're teaching them and actually implement it we'll teach you basic stagecraft how to hold a microphone what equipment to buy how to leverage that content on social media platforms like youtube and facebook. And instagram and tick tock uh how to use meetup.com as a way to create powerful content that once you create it creates uh can you create 10 to 15 new signups for your business right. On the spot and when you upload it the social media becomes an ongoing sales person for you positioning you as an authority demonstrating your skills and a lot of you came here because of videos i posted 10 12 years ago right.

Because you got value from them i'm going to teach you everything you need to know about how to do that for yourself if you want to build your business and you're serious about it the most powerful rapid and economical way to do it is through the art of public speaking okay. So if this is something that you've kind of been frustrated with this can really open up doors for you in terms of building your business and taking it to the. Next level right. Also a great way to generate content for podcasts blog posts ebooks things of that nature.

So we're going to give this to you it's a hundred it's a one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value gonna give you absolutely free um total combined value is eight thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars if you register before the end of the webinar. So let's just review what we've got okay. We're going to throw in this 17 video seven stage universal persuasion protocol and we're going to give you access i'm going to talk about this in just a minute access to an online community with over 210 active members where you can roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills okay. We're going to give you the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling secrets recorded live with the manual it's a 1950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're going to throw in that bonus number two renegade reframing objection obliteration and the art of conversational belief change speed belief change uh once again with the manual all the videos 1 950 value yours absolutely free and we're going to.

Finally throw in the the cherry on the sunday. So to speak is charisma on command hypnotic prison public speaker hit the 1 950 value we're going to give it to absolutely free total combined value is 8 347. But for those of you who are have stuck it out this long and because i really want you to take your lives to the. Next level i'm going to continue to teach when i'm done here.

So i want you to just hang in there i want to give you the best deal humanly possible today. So you're not going to have to pay 8 347. you're not even going to have to pay 6347 you're not even going to have to pay 5 347 3 000 nope we're not even going to charge you twenty two thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars in fact if you are really serious about taking your life to the. Next level if any of the things i've shared with you today excites you as much as it excites me and it um you can get it all today right. Now for one low investment of just 9.97 and if you need a little extra help we can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 all you got to do to get yours some of you've already done it have gone to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and just click that link and we will absolutely um take care of you stephanie's waiting holly is waiting uh brandon is waiting in the wings if you have any questions at all any questions at all you can reach out to stephanie directly i'm going to post her email and her phone number in both chats for people come on a.

Second somebody's got direct message on me here. So if you have any questions you can just call stephanie she will answer you as as soon as she can stephanie nlpower.com you can also call her at 858-282-4663 now little word of warning people are always stampeding to call her right. When i start showing this you'll probably get an answering machine right. Make sure make sure that you leave your contact information if you leave your contact information she will call you back and you will qualify for all the bonuses if you call.

But you do not leave your contact information and you call back. Later after the the expiration is over you will not get the bonuses okay. So i just want to be sure just go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's influence www.killerinfluence.com com forward slash go once more with feeling ladies and gentlemen www.killerinfluence.com forward slash geo right. Now in case you were wondering i'm not done yet you see everything that we're going to teach you everything we're going to share with you everything you're going to learn today and going forward has a 60-day money-back guarantee take this stuff out into the world test it don't be able don't believe a word i say david says i don't got to believe it i just got to do it go out play with this stuff with real live human beings in their natural habitat for a full 60 days at the end of those 60 days you're not making more money closing more deals getting more dates having deeper connections getting more compliance and uh deeper levels of relationship from the people around you pick up the phone let us know we'll give you a full refund okay.

If you're not winning in your life the way we say we will we don't want your funds we don't we're going to give you every dime back and you can keep some of those courses for yourself just as my way of saying thank you for that now don't be a hit and run do the work go out and play with it if you have a if you have a question call us if we can we'll help you if after we've helped you personally it's still not working for you we'll happily refund your money right. You have 60 days to test drive this puppy right. But i promise you if you go out even tonight and just start echoing people you will see magic you will experience magic you start emotionally bonding with people that magic gets even stronger when you apply the entire system you'll realize oh my god i got such a deal such a deal right. Anyway.

So again you have nothing to risk guys. But everything to gain everything is right. Here right. Now you have the tools and again in in a post-coveted society these skills are atomic they're nuclear in your ability to connect with other people even through skype even through uh zoom people were asking me about how do you do things on zoom i'll show you there's actually some really cool camera things you can do that actually cause connection to get deeper right.

And i'm happy to show this with you during a master line and while i'm on that guess what just go to www.killerinfluence.com and if you do it before i log off this webinar guess what i got more stuff for you if you grab your course before i log off this webinar november 17th 2021 11 59 p.m i'm going to include these special fast action bonuses just for you. First of all i'm going to give you powerful transformational practice groups on the planet it's a three month prior membership to our nlp power mastermind mentoring program and practice group it's actually way more than 594 value. But let me just go explain this to you really really quick remember one of the things i tell you is that nothing gets this into you by. But do better than doing the drills and getting the skills the best way to do that is to come to our live events.

But some people can't. But they still need people to practice with they need still need people to reach out they still need the support of the community and that's exactly what the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is it is the longest running paid practice group on the planet we've been running this program every month since 2010 on the. Third saturday of every month we get together and i literally go around the room and i say holly what do you want to learn allegra what are you on ashlyn what do you want to learn seth what do you want to learn jeff what do you want to learn uh cynthia what do you want to learn esky what do you want to learn i literally write down what they want to learn about on the board i step back i look. At all the connecting threads and i create a lesson plan right.

On the spot just for that group just for you and for the. Next four hours we drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep you will not get a certificate from the nlp power mastermind mentoring program what you will get is something even more important skill set and an extended family a community of people who want you to succeed who are there to help for the and are there for the same reasons you are you come in you tell me what you want to learn we do the drills you get the skills you go off into the world to apply those skills you come back the. Next month i'm going to ask you what do you want to know what do you want to learn i'm going to risk them on the board i'm going to create the lesson plan on the spot and we're going to drill every year since 2010. Third saturday of every month you're gonna get three months to come in test it if you like it stay if you don't you had a good time you met some cool people who like to do cool stuff.

But here's the best part since 2010 october of 2010 to be precise we have videotaped every single mastermind mentoring session and we've archived those videos on the nlp power website we've archived them in our special private facebook. Group and a certain percentage of them are archived on our diamond and platinum members only youtube platform as a member of our mastermind even a trial member you get full unlimited access to all 10 years of that content everything from uh conversational hypnosis to nlp to regression to law of attraction to dating to sales and marketing to anything that involves human influence in any way shape or form from relationships to sales it's in there if you're willing to wade through the videos there's hundreds and hundreds of hours if you're absolutely equipped for 594 dollar audit. But if you factor in that video archive 10 years it's way more than that it's yours free just for being one of the very. First people to sign up before i log off this webinar because i want you to succeed do the drills you get the skills i can't make it any easier right.

Well actually i can stay tuned um okay. So that's the nlp power that's one of your fast action bonuses it's something i'm just going to give it to you because hey i want you to win with this okay. I want you to be a winner total combined values nine hundred and forty one dollars we're going to give this to you absolutely free. But there's more for those of you who sign up right.

Now click that button get in there go to www.killerinfluence.com we're gonna throw in this extra special fast action bonus this is the felt instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is a course that will teach you instant and rapid inductions that will teach you um how to detect lies how to anchor people's emotions to and create date control on demand there's five extra videos in there where i actually teach the five most powerful the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns we teach three magic questions it's designed for one purpose it's got workbooks it's got scripts it's got transcripts uh specific powerpoints on hypnotic languaging that make you unstoppable and it's designed for one specific purpose it's designed for you to download tonight and use it tomorrow the whole point of the self instant conversation hypnosis crash course is to give you the ability to deploy hypnotic language tonight to do instant unwrapped inductions tonight if you just watch the video and find a practice partner don't believe me get the course tested it's a 997 dollar value we're gonna give it to absolutely free because a lot of you if you're in if you're anything like me you're super impatient you don't want to wade through a whole bunch of stuff to get to the meet you want to get started right. Away and. So here it is this will get you started and. Then you just pick up the rest of the list okay.

It's a 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free as my way of saying thank you uh for being a fat action responder. So just go to www.killerinfluence.com and [Music] if you have a question email stephanie i'm just going to put all of it in the chat going forward. So i don't have to keep carry picking what i'm pasting all right. So here it is and again if you're if you have any questions now another thing by the way if you have any of the things i've just talked about maybe you've bought some of our packages in the past if you can actually call stephanie and substitute things that have a similar price point i'll come back to that in a minute okay.

But wait you know it can't have just two fast action bonuses there has to be another one and this is what it is for those of you who grab it tonight who are ready to take your lives to the. Next level if you're serious about training with me i'm serious about making it possible for those of you who grab your webinar package tonight i'm going to include a free vip super ticket this ticket gets you free admissions to any single live event of your choice some restrictions do apply usually it has to do with prerequisites or has to do with the amount of days involved. But any course that's five days or less it's limited to the. First 25 people this gets you in the front door even if the training is sold out the best thing about our vip ticket program is that you don't even have to know what training you want to take as long as you have this ticket it does not expire.

So if you get this ticket now you get it today and it takes you two years to get to an event that ticket is still good we've had people buy uh armando supremo and platinum packages two three years ago they never touched it they pick up the phone they call us they say hey i got this thing two years ago is it still good i said come on in let's say you're getting ready to come to a train and all of a sudden a new round of covert restrictions hit there's a new delta variant or some other like that and the government won't let you travel maybe your boss won't let you travel right. And all of a sudden you can't make it no. Problem pick up the phone give us a call stephanie will happily move you to another training you do not lose this ticket until you actually use it you don't burn it until you use it. So something comes up at the.

Last minute and you can't come pick up the phone let us know we'll move you to another training if you your schedule opens up at the. Last minute maybe you you know you you wanted to go to a training. But your boss was making you work or there was just no. Way you could get free and all of a sudden your schedule opens up.

But the ticket. But the class is sold out if you have one of these vip super tickets we'll find a spot for you we will move you right. To the head of the line it does not expire if you have something comes up at the. Last minute you can change it if you want to come to a training at the.

Last minute you can change it right. If you're coming to a lot of you are international right. When we go to uk or we go to um europe we always do our trainings in the native currency. So if you're going to the uk everything is going to be in pound sterling if you go to europe everything's going to be in euro and if you know the exchange rate between euro and ground sterling versus the dollar significant does not matter if you have one of these super vip tickets it does not matter what the cost of the seminar is if you qualify to take the training you get to walk right.

To the head of the line right. We have trainings coming up um. Next year that are well over three thousand dollars this gets you in okay. If you have one of these tickets.

But it's only limited to the. First 25 people to register before i log off the webinar if you if you wait until 11 59 you can get all the cpi bonuses i talked about. But the fast action bonuses the ones i just talked about the mastermind the stealth instant conversation that knows his crash course the vip super ticket they go away they're gone forever all right. Or until i do another webinar where things are um available okay.

So it's a 2 250 value we're gonna give this to you absolutely free the best part is let's say you get this and maybe you're on one of our other programs you can give this ticket to someone you care about who you think might benefit from from the training. So it actually is transferable to someone. But once they use it it's done okay. If you like the vip super ticket program um this is the one that really lets you see what it's like behind the closed doors at planet david all right.

And i want you all there i want you all to use these tickets i want you to come to the events it costs you nothing other than your travel and you get to experience the power of these technologies for yourself you get to rub shoulders with people who are just like you who want the same things you want and you get to practice and you get feedback it's the most amazing uh bonding experience that people will tell you don't take my word for it talk to the people in the chat have been around for a while they've made friends that lifetime for friends in in just a short amount of time okay. Total value here is twelve thousand one hundred and eighty eight dollars if you grab it before i log off the webinar today. So let's just review the total package is worth twelve thousand one hundred and eighty eight dollars it includes the secret of human influence home study course two thousand four hundred and seventy nine dollars weapons of mass instruction scientific and strategic storytelling one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're going to give it to you absolutely free objection renegade reframing the art of objection obliteration one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free charisma and conversion presentation skills for speakers presenters and public speakers one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value and three month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and full access for those three months through ten years of archive training footage and technique stuff that's never seen the light of day on youtube it's a completely separate funnel we've got almost 300 videos on our youtube channel that are public we've got at least that many that are not. So there's a huge amount of information and and techniques available to you as a member of the secrets of uh ultra persuasion mastery home study program you're also going to get that stealth instant conversation with gnosis crash course 997 value absolutely free and.

Finally the vip super ticket and that price is wrong it's supposed to be 2 250 we're going to give that to you absolutely free total value of 12 180 you can get it all for just one low investment one time of 997 dollars if you need a little extra help we can break that up for you we can break it up into three easy installments of just 397. all you got to do to take advantage of that is go to the link in your chat there's www.killam forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and where's my chat box there it is there you go all right. That's what i got. So i'm gonna give you guys a few minutes use the restroom uh talk to stephanie or holly or whatever you need to do we're gonna come back in about at uh 602 and we're going to pick up with the emotional bonding checklist we're going to talk about the three magic questions protocol and. Then we're going to answer any other questions that you might have and uh that'll be our class for today all right.

So again come back at uh 602 can we do some state control we can talk about it i don't know how much we'll be able to do in a webinar format. But i'm happy to talk about it as well state control is super super important it's one of the few things that we don't actually teach it to the general public because there's a whole day on it it's like it's literally the jedi power. So again we'll let's make it 603 use the restroom go potty we'll come back and uh we'll keep teaching talk to you soon i think i got my times wrong i think we've got about three minutes left maybe two four minutes left and. Then we'll start.

So we're gonna start actually at uh 5 55 by my clock. So sorry about that i should i receive a confirmation email once registered yes. Give us um you should receive it right. Away or within within a couple of hours.

But um sometimes there's a little bit of a delay in the email. So just if it's not there by tomorrow call us directly and we will activate that stuff asap it should it should happen automatically though and by the way uh as you're processing this stuff if you guys have questions go ahead and type them in the chat i'm happy to answer those while you're getting your stuff processed we have a few minutes. So i can take rent you know questions that aren't necessarily um we just said she got a confirmation email. But it was blank i forwarded it to stephanie good yeah i know stephanie is manning the uh the event from uh her daughter's birthday party.

So she's doing the best she can to to help everybody. But she does have to have some private time. So um she'll be she'll probably be following it up to you don't be surprised if she follows up with you tonight uh. Later.

So uh chuck is asking what are some good book. Recommendations that i have okay. Ch well my i have. First of all i have an extensive book.

Reading list that i give to all my students um my question for you is on what topic what do you want to be able to accomplish right. The question the quality of the questions will call your question will determine the quality of the information that you get. So what do you want to be able to do chuck cool again if you guys want to take screenshots and forward them and do whatever i'm okay. With that i mean i'd rather i'd rather be uh heir on the side of caution shelly dr david has lots of free videos on youtube lots yes.

I do yes. I do like i said um this is the most fun you can have for me this is the most fun you can have with your clothes on uh someone was asking about trauma and healing i'll tell you where i would start the. First book. I would read is called uh the body keeps the score by basil vanderkulk and.

Then i would read uh surviving trauma school earth by brent baum. So body keeps the score surviving trauma school i do a lot of trauma work. So anytime uh in fact i just did uh we just uh three days ago we finished our five-day regression therapy certification uh and i was these guys have got to be some of the most uh unstoppable and relentless regression therapists i've ever trained nothing scared these guys these guys are doing amazing change work. So if you have any stuff you need help with um reach out to stephanie we'll put you in touch with one of our newly minted trauma experts and uh and they were dealing with real the entire five days good board mate and larry hillary trump yes.

Very good yeah us um body keeps the score if you really want to understand this whole idea about feeling driving the bus and how our body how feelings drive our bus that is the great book. The. Next one i would recommend hasn't necessarily got to do its trauma per se. But it does explain to you how your body um locks that stuff in and it's called uh how emotions are made all right.

Lisa barrett feldman i believe is her name people are asking about past life regressions do you have people doing this or is it nonsense uh that's a great question about one percent of the people i do regression therapy with will spontaneously revert to a past life now i have tangible proof for my clinicals let me let me uh let me jump out of this because we're almost done um i have tangible proof from my clinical work of the existence of genetic memory because i've literally had pardon me i've literally had people who are type 1 diabetics who have organ transplants who are complete health nuts they get a spleen transplant and a kidney transplant they get out of the hospital two weeks. Later and they're craving pizza and beer and when we do regression we find out that the donor was a garbage gun he would just he would love pizza he loved beer and he was a party guy right. It's just one of those things when people spontaneously go back to a past life it doesn't really matter if the past life is actually a real past life or a metaphor they're built from the same cognitive stuff and. So whether it's a metaphor or it's an actual memory you treat it the same way.

So you can clear it up my personal belief is that past lives are legitimate phenomena especially for my studies in face reading where we've talked about how genetic memory is passed down um i think that there is a definite there is a definite possibility of a spiritual transmission as well. But at the end of the day if we just look. At how the genes pass information forward it's it might as well be a past life right. Um see here um one more question.

Then we'll move back have you read the book. Like if the like effect are you talking about the like switch chuck by uh by jack shafer yeah great book. In fact um in my defense against the dark arts class which is another ver it's a variant of killer influence i actually use a lot of shaffer's material uh side by side with chase uses material uh wendy patrick's and i just i synergize it into the killer influence curriculum as a way to create massive uh psychological and emotional attraction as well as uh how to flag narcissist sociopaths and other types of social predators real power you can use you can use your vip ticket for that too by the way if you want we were doing another one i think uh latter half of 2022. So yeah great stuff.

So brandon says do you believe in the bible of jesus christ as the record son of god who died for our sins i believe in the possibility of it for sure latoya says this webinar is awesome right. Um again lots of people out there that have a lot of different beliefs and you know what when you peel back the layers and you look. At the principles underlying those belief systems you find they're more like than not and when you focus on that piece you find what's actually true right. So all right.

You guys ready to learn some more stuff do i sign up hold on a. Second how do you tune out for a minute how do i sign up for those of you who want to get that one of those. Last remaining packages because i think we're almost out of the 25 vip tickets um go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash um well there it is click the link let's do it all right. All right.

You guys thank you. So much for hanging out and putting up with my my offers and and things like that i really i really really hope you come out and we get to hang together uh we're gonna be in orlando a couple of times this year. So for those of you who don't want to come all the way out to san diego or las vegas um there's opportunities for you to yeah in tampa great cool all right. So.

So what i talked about uh let's go back to the emotional bonding checklist which i think is um right. Here okay. So let's look. At this what is the emotional bonding checklist and how does this work okay.

I ran you at the beginning of right. Before we came to the offer where we talked about the package and stuff like that which is great i see a lot of you are still jumping on it that's cool this particular technique is about how to emotionally bond your subject to you your product or your service and literally make them want to do what you want them to do now one of the secrets when you're using this for attraction purposes is that a lot of sales and marketing applications you can talk about them you can describe you can describe your product or service utilizing these special hot buttons these special words and people will just fawn all over it. But when you're doing it for attraction dating uh relationship application you have to go a little bit deeper you actually have to embody the characteristics and demonstrate them in your behavior. So this is a lot of people who are interested in dating applications learn about if they study nlp and any of the nlp based attraction systems they learn they learn about criterion values.

But what they don't get is that sorry i accidentally muted myself it's not enough to just talk about them if you're going to do these things for attraction once you've elicited a person's emotional bonding checklist for the right. Partner you must take the traits and the qualities that they've elicited from them and you must behaviorally demonstrate them. So yes. You can tell stories which is why cpi 2 is.

So important you can tell stories that demonstrate you as that kind of person. But at the end of the day you must behaviorally demonstrate them is that dude sounds like i'm splitting hairs. But do you get the distinction between just talking about something and and actually embodying it okay. This is why our state control drills and the things that we teach in the secrets of human influence package are.

So important you'll get the whole the whole series of drills um. But at the end of the day what you do behaviorally is vitally important as how what you talk about okay. Right. And here's and now let's now now we're now that we're past the basics of it the foundation of the what's important about there's a couple of little nuances that can come up that can impact how how you deploy this technique.

So there's two questions in this whole sequence or this whole process that i want you to memorize. So the. First one was what's important about fill in the blank what's important about life insurance what's important about karate lessons what's important about uh the perfect partner what's important about the right. Person for the job what's important about what's important about what's important about that's the number one question depend and it's very context dependent you need to understand this there's you'll learn this in killer influence there are certain psychological filters that are context independent in other words it doesn't matter if you're selecting chewing gum or buying a house whether you're selecting uh the perfect romantic partner or you're vetting a lawyer the same filters will come into play when you mirror those or echo those filters back to the person they like you better.

But what we're dealing with right. Now is the art and science of eliciting and stimulating human needs and needs change as context changes are we are we clear. So far if you want to influence somebody strategically it's all with this technique it's all about context well i'm a lit. So and here's what i and i just again to to beat a dead horse if i'm eliciting the um the qualities and characteristics of what's important to me about the perfect date i i cannot use that information for selecting the right.

Employee you understand or for buying a car can't do it right. Each each context stands on its own now what will happen many times let's let's use the uh let's use uh the karate lesson exam or the the let's use a real estate example sales exam and let's say that someone's you're a realtor someone's coming to you to buy a house you're setting the frame. So i'm curious mr prospect or mrs prospect when you think about the perfect house i'm curious what do you what how do you know when you've got the perfect house oh that's easy you know it's got to have a big kitchen it's got to have a huge backyard gotta have uh you know be close to school you know good school and a playground for my kids cool you know big kitchens mean a lot of things to a lot of people i'm curious just. So i understand you better what's important to you about a big kitchen and even more importantly how do you know when you've got a big kitchen what constitutes a big kitchen for you now pay attention to what i just said a you heard the what's important about question.

But she said a big kitchen. But i don't know what that means big can be 15 by 15. big can be 10 by 15 if they live in an efficiency or a studio what does big mean to them. So the other question that you need to ask nation that you consider to be vague this is actually your this is a bit from your perspective how do you know. So what's important to you about the perfect house big kitchen big backyard close to schools okay.

Great well you know big means a lot of different things to a lot of different people how do you know when you've got a big kitchen oh it's it's at least you know 10 by 20. it's got you know a walk-in cooler it's got a big center island boom just the act of how do you know tells me their checklist in other words when they sort for big kitchen what's what boxes are they ticking off right. We need to know that now i often make a joke with people um and i use a relationship example right. You ask people um what's important to you in a relationship you have person a you have person b you got person b says to person a. So i'm curious what's what's the absolute deal breaker for you in relationship what do you absolutely have in a relationship to stay in it person a says respect i gotta have i gotta feel respected by my partner in a relationship if i don't have respect for my partner i'm done i'm not i'm gone person b says you know what i 100 agree respect is absolutely critical in the relationship.

But you know relation you know respect means a lot of different things to a lot of different people. So i'm curious how do you know when you're getting respect when you're getting the respect you need person a says yeah you know i said really no. One's never asked me that before they often say that. But you know i know you respect me when you tell me the truth i know you respect me when you don't worry about whether what you're going to say is going to offend me or hurt my feelings you tell me the truth because you know it's the truth and i need to know it and i deserve it you don't pull any punches you just let me you just let me know that's how i know you respect me the person he goes wow you know you're absolutely right.

I totally agree that that is an important way to know you're being respected person a looks at them and says. So person b just. So i understand you better how do you know when you're getting the respect that you need in a relationship person b says well that's easy i know you respect me when you tell me the truth. But you do it in a way that doesn't make me feel bad about myself it doesn't make me feel guilty or stupid or or demeans me in any kind of way right.

You don't you don't you don't lie to me you don't pre-verificate. But you you do it in a way that's diplomatic and sensitive to my feelings now what do you think happens when these two people get in an argument type it in the chat what do you think happens they're going to see what's going to happen is person b is going to project how they do respect on the person a person of a is going to protect how they do respect onto person b and both are going to feel disrespected because they're speaking two different languages and they're both going to yell at each other that yes. I am respecting you i'm showing you respect why because they're projecting their own map their own way of doing it onto the other person. But the person can't receive that without translating the whole idea of how do you know when you're getting the respect that you need how do you know when you're getting the respect that you need is what we call the emotional bonding checklist you see when people talk about freedom and love and happiness and joy that's a label that's a name for a feeling that they get and that's what's important to them.

But those feelings are only triggered when the boxes are ticked off and they're checked off do you understand what i'm saying okay. So the two questions that you must be aware of whenever you're doing this process is what's important about and how do you know now mechanically what do you do the moment you have the checklist and the name of the feeling you only talk about the aspects of your product your life or the service you offer that directly satisfies the checklist and the feelings and you use their words to describe those aspects guys with me. So far going back to my my martial arts example right. When i was talking to bernice i said.

So i'm curious what's important to you about karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh and she gave me a list and asked what's important about that right. If you go back and watch the replay you'll hear me say what's important about that and i gave her a list and i repeated it back here's the mechanism a lot of people who are trained in classical salesmanship features and benefits statements the moment they get this information they think they can make it better by talking about more stuff if you try to talk about anything that did not come out of their mouth you will lose them okay. If you want to see the doggie dinner bowl look. Come out you only talk about the aspects of yourself your product or service that directly satisfies that need and here's the hack use their words to do it if you do that long enough they will do business with you or take the.

Next step by default most of you have seen a lot of you have seen me when i'm teaching my identity by design classes or stealth selling secrets the hardest clothes i ever do for a client is how soon do you want to get started sometimes if they're if i think they might be a little bit wishy-washy i might say. So what's the. Next step we need to take to move forward that's the hardest close i do why because when i talk to another human being i'm talking to their heart i'm talking to the strongest reasons they have for taking the. Next step i don't have to sell them because they already want to buy and what i mean by what i mean is going on a date with you buying your product or service signing up for a client taking the.

Next action um following your prescriptions stopping behaviors that are causing problems this is one of the most powerful techniques that exists and a lot of people know it. But very few people use it and understand it well okay. So situation circumstance or events um i'm selling a house. So how do you know when you've got the perfect house got a big kitchen great you know what big kitchens mean different things to different people just.

So i understand you better what's important to you about a big kitchen tell me about that well you know growing up i had a big family and we had this old farmhouse this big old kitchen and every every holiday season the family would come over and everybody would get together and we'd have this assembly line and we'd all cook. And we'd get laugh and joke and. Then when all the food was done we'd all sit around this big old dinner table it was just the best time of all my family to get everybody was loving on each other it was the best time and you know i miss those days and i really i really really want to recapture that and i want to share that with my family as an astute realtor i'm going to say you know what i get that i completely understand you know thinking about what you consider to be a big kitchen and why it's important to you i can think of at least three properties right. Now that we could walk into where you could actually experience a massive kitchen with a big old table and a center island where all of your family can get together where they can they can get together they can laugh they can joke they can commune they can bond they can connect they can assembly line those foods it's the i think it would be one of the one of these buildings would be one of the perfect kitchen for you how soon would you like to go see that let's go now right.

You see how conversational it is i want a. Second there's somebody in my chat here robert beck both of those will be really good responses you know yeah i guess holly's answering that question okay. That's fine. So was that do you see how that works.

So the basic the basic idea is you set a context whatever that kind of job interview we have a technique called the interview crusher where we literally use we deploy this technique if you're doing this for jobs for example honesty means a lot of things to a lot of different people that's right. Some people use honesty as a tool to bludgeon people with some people use honesty as a way to you know hold themselves above other people. But i think honesty is when you tell people the truth when you give them the opportunity to test things for themselves and prove things to themselves. So that they feel better about taking the.

Next step with you because you've demonstrated a level of honesty and sincerity that most people don't because you're you're strong inside and you know that what you have is the truth and it stands this test of time right. Awfully that was for somebody who was typing that and how do you what's important about honesty right. Because people i think it's important people you can trust people who can rely on right. And you know that when people are honest with you thank you i really needed some pointers hold on a.

Second on asking clients to confront the phobias again the echo technique will do it okay. The echo technique is the start in fact one of the things that one of the reasons that i i always start with the echo technique is a it is simultaneously the simplest and it's the most powerful the other thing is it's also the most proven and it's proven independently from three different fields of application okay. Jack schwartz and chris voss from the fbi and intelligence world have proven the power of tactical mirroring which is using another person's very own words before that david grove with his study of clean language demonstrated the power of this in trauma therapy and psychotherapy cameron cleveland and his predecessors discovered this powerful technique as part of their persuasion training that when people use their very own words he can't resist it you'll find therapeutically when you're doing this with people whatever a person generates they will accept daniel i've been giving you examples um again is there a specific context that you want to see an example in all right. Well again thank you chuck dave chuck says i appreciate how well read you are it's impressive again this is this is my golden path how about food for a small child new food she's afraid of okay.

So oh she's she afraid of new foods totally fearful okay. So here's the. First thing i would do um i would create safety for her and i would find and this is at actually for your tip for your situation i think it's dennis right. I can't was it dennis that was asking the question dennis i think for you actually or daniel for you i don't i don't think criterion values is the.

First the go-to for this for what you're asking the the right. Prescription conversationally for you would be a echo technique b three magic questions c resistance removal protocol and. Then uh criterion values for your situation because what you're dealing with is somebody who doesn't want to do something right. So we need to reverse that you need to get them to want to do the thing that you just said they didn't want to do and the way that you do that is by creating safety connection and trust you reverse the resistance and.

Then you find out why that's important for them. So you can preserve those those um [Music] those needs right. That's a little bit more uh convoluted i mean if we have time and people want we can go over the resistance removal protocol. But if you go to my youtube channel look.

Up echo technique. Then three magic questions um resistance removal and. Then criteria values and you follow that process you should elicit from her all the reasons why she doesn't it'll. Then elicit all the reasons why she might want to do that and.

Then you can drill down on the value and the emotional payoff for doing it and amplify that if you have any kind of if she's got a fear of new foods you're going to have to unpack that trauma at some point. So i would probably sometime somewhere between resistance removal um and three magic questions you're probably wanna gonna do some kind of gonna wanna do some kind of intervention that eliminates the fear. Then it will be easy chuck is saying what is a good way to approach people that are busy hold on a. Second you're welcome daniel um what are good ways to approach people that are semi-busy aka on a laptop or cell phone without coming off as aggressive the best thing you can do in those situations is actually something that you can borrow from the the nlp community known as a false time constraint you approach and you give them the body language of someone who's about to leave you say hey i just got a minute.

But i saw you here and i needed to ask you and i i really needed to ask you a question really quick can you help me and because you have this going away from body language the the time pressure and the the imposition that they tend to feel is minimized now if you start echoing them and transitioning into three magic questions if you need to um. Then people will tend to just hang out in fact all you can in fact if you just wanted to hang out just keep echoing their words and they'll just keep talking right. The elements are nearly stop on okay. Okay.

You must be talking about our face reading stuff or five elements stuff okay. So you guys got a pretty good idea of how criterion values works in the emotional bonding checklist yes. Britney's clapping for me all right. So um just you guys ready for the resistance removal formula you guys want to play with that or do you have any other questions for me ready okay.

All right. So before we go let me just remind you um again because i would be remiss now when i log off this uber package goes away and uh it's the total it's the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion math three home study course valued at 2 479 bucks the weapons of mass instruction uh social storytelling secrets from study course 1950 we're going to give that to you free you get the renegade reframing objection obliteration and the arts of conversational belief change as well as the weapons are um the charisma on command hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars you're also going to throw in if you sign up before i log off the webinar you're gonna get the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course valued at 997 dollars we're going to give you the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group trial it's a three-month trial and unlimited access for those three months to the mentoring archive and the actual practice group by the way for those of you who um already in the program our. Next practice session is this saturday at 11 a.m. So if you've got the package make sure you reach out to stephanie you follow up.

So you can get the link and she can add you to the facebook. Group and you can actually start putting this stuff to work right. Off the bat. So um you can just you can start this saturday okay.

It's a 594 value and of course that free vip super ticket to any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar and beyond uh it's a 2 250 value total value of the package when you grab it is 12 188 bucks you can get it all for one loan installment of just 997 or you can break that up into three easy payments of just 397 each okay. Let's go back to the resistance removal protocol shall we daniel says i want to come to san diego to take my. Second seminar in person okay. Uh i think the.

Next san diego seminar that we're doing is actually. Next october it's an it's a uh it's an internal power seminar. But we are doing trainings in las vegas and we are doing trainings in uh orlando we may be doing some in texas. But we haven't actually um sussed that out yet okay.

Um new york city uh we're looking at new york city. But we haven't really made a lot of progress there yet. So right. Now we're sticking to our east coast states are mostly in orlando uh vega we're doing a lot in vegas.

So if you guys can come out you know i would really i would get i would be thrilled i would love to have you know 50 600 people of you in in there and just go balls to pardon my friends balls to the wall for five or six straight days and just drill down into this stuff and get in you. So you go out and just write your own ticket in life okay. So we're going to talk about um the resistance removal protocol let me go ahead and share my screen oh wait did we want three magic questions or resistance removal which ones did you guys want again i was about to jump into resistance removal. But ben says will you ever come to england yes.

Um up until coveted we were there every year for the. Last four or five years we will be going back we will probably also be going to europe as well um. So what what are we saying in the chat do we want 3mq or did we want um three-minute questions dramatic questions like everybody everybody pivoted as soon as i answered dennis or daniel's question everybody wants resistance removal now see magic questions all right. Here's what i'll do here's what i'll do i will go deep dive on one and i will just skim the other is that okay.

That's all we got time for right. Um. So let's look. At three magic questions really really quick and.

Then we'll jump into resistance removal. So three magic questions is all about how to make people like trust and even love you in as little as 20 minutes it's all about going from complete stranger to intimate companion in as little as 20 minutes now just because you can do it in 20 minutes doesn't mean you should another thing i want to i want to really put out there way ahead of time um the inspiration for this technique comes from a book. Called love trances by craig robinski love trances by craig ravinsky and one of the things i want to tell you is that craig lavinsky wrote the book. Love trances for women to use on men okay.

This was all about how to put the whammy on men. So that they would simultaneously become deeply attracted to you while at the same time spilling their guts about every aspect of their life. So the person doing the questioning could make a decision as to what status they would have in their world. So you'll hear me say a lot in this particular protocol you're always testing when i got a hold of it i realized that um it needed to be changed just a little bit.

So both genders could use it with either gender and even me in my limited way of thinking i still only looked at this protocol like it was for attraction and. Then a couple of years after i started teaching it a couple years after i started teaching it a bunch of personal injury attorneys descended on my killer influence class there were. So many of them in the class i literally started calling them they all sat in the same section too i literally started calling them my legal department and i pulled out this three magic questions protocol one guy took. 80 pages of notes i know because he sent them to me and he became absolutely lethal with this thing.

But i started getting reports from personal injury attorneys how they were using this three magic questions protocol with potential clients they were using it on juries they were using on expert witnesses for the opposition and people and the witnesses were actually waiving their attorney-client privilege to answer my guy's questions that's how powerful this thing was and here i am thinking it's for attraction and that was when the light bulb went off and i realized something that the archetype of attraction a man and a woman coming together to form a family you know i like one plus one equals three or a woman and a woman coming together to form a family or a man and a man coming in to form a family right. Two people coming together to do a business deal that creates a new company we're all the same archetype they're all the same and. So you could transplant this three magic questions process into any context where two human beings want to get to know each other quickly and trust each other and bond and connect does that make sense i want you to understand this is it was designed for attraction like. So many cool things.

But the scope of what you can do with it goes way way beyond you might have heard me talking to daniel use the echo technique. Then three magic questions protocol and. Then go into your um your whatever intervention you're gonna do. Then hit her with the resistance removal and.

Then criterion values and boom you've got a winning combination right. So i just wanted to be i want to be very clear about that because i'm going to talk to this i'm going to talk you through this in the context of an attraction or dating relationship. But i want you to understand networking functions mediations speed dating um public speaking meet and greets meetups any place where you don't wanna where you don't wanna make small talk. But you have to bond connect and get somebody to like love and trust you like that this is the.

Next step from the echo technique in fact one of the things you're going to discover is that the echo technique is embedded throughout this entire process can it be used for reuniting too yes. Yes. In fact you can use this telling people you know and it will have amazing results uh it's crazy it really is um again i did i the original version was created by craig ravinsky i have the version i teach he saw us teaching it and he was one of he couldn't wait to tell everybody about our courses right. Um craig never put anything else out again which i think was a real shame.

But what is the technique three magic questions three magic questions is a code for three categories of question each each category or level of question takes you from one level of a person's psyche to the. Next with deeper and deeper levels of emotional intimacy connection and bonding which leads to trust like and loving loving and liking okay. What are the questions well holly i'm glad you asked because we're going there okay. Now keep in mind that for each of the three levels there could be any number of questions as long as the questions meet certain characteristics or certain parameters you can use it okay.

So without further ado let's look. At this okay. Three magic questions is a conversational framework that allows two people who are strangers to rapidly generate pleasurable stimulating conversations that trigger deeper and deeper levels of emotional attraction trust intimacy and bonding three magic questions is a code for three categories of question three categories of question the. First category is known as location occasion okay.

So location occasion now what are the characteristics of the questions that you want to ask this is going to be true at every level of 3mq at level 1 at level 2 at level 3. So write these down or take a screenshot i don't care which one you use. But make sure you have it a you always ask open ended questions these are questions that require an explanation or an opinion or a story in other words you never ask a question that can be answered with a simple yes. Or no.

If you ask a question that can be answered with a simple yes. Or no. You're dead in the water the object behind level one question is to facilitate dialogue to facilitate a surface level superficial non-threatening interaction that gets people out of their head and into the world with you okay. And you're going to be using the echo technique throughout this entire process.

So let's elaborate on this a little bit this by the way is the master echo sequence okay. So let me just change this a little bit for you okay. So let's say i want to approach somebody and i want to use the echo technique i'm going to walk up to them i'm going to ask them a question i am going to pay attention to their response seems like a no-brainer. But you'll be amazed how much time we spend waiting for somebody else to get done speaking.

So we can say what we want to say that's not what happens okay. The. First thing we want to do is we want to ask a question we want to pay attention to the answer we want to validate the answer what does that mean we find some way to signal agreement or acceptance of what they said we signal in some way that what they said is true for us we agree with it we accept it you guys understand what i'm saying here type in the chat if you understand this concept perfect all right. Once you do that.

So someone said hey i'm curious what are the drink specials here person says um well i'm not really sure what the drink specials are. But uh i really like the tom collins oh. So you're not sure what the drinks i agree you know i don't know what the drink specials are either. But.

So you really like the tom collins and um you don't know what the other drink specials are yeah right. Okay. Well i'm curious how many how long have you been coming here. So here we go we asked the question what are the drink specials we paid attention to the response we affirmed or validated what they said we echoed it back we asked another question we paid attention wash rinse repeat oh brandon's asking what if you don't agree you don't have to agree you just have to repeat what they said.

But if they say something that's really provocative what you do is an nlp trick called chunking up and chunking down what that means is regardless of how offensive something is that somebody says you can always abstract and become more vague or you can jump down to something specific that you can't agree with okay. You could ju your validation could be as simple as oh i accepted i i accept that you believe that that's awesome right. Did i say i agree with it no. Did i accept that they believe it yes.

I validated their response okay. Lots of ways to do that if you get um when you when you get renegade reframing there'll be a section on what we call meta modeling chunking up and chunking down uh that'll you'll learn that in that in that section right. But this is the master echo sequence. So once again ask your question yeah.

So. So let's say for example um i'm talking to somebody who is a gun lover right. And i don't think that i don't think guns should be legal all right. So i.

So i'm talking to them and they say something like yeah you know what if everybody had guns the world would everybody be a lot nicer and a lot more polite and i might say something you know i agree that the world needs to be a lot more polite and that certain people that would probably be true for. But there are certain people that would probably just use that gun to hurt other people wouldn't you agree right. And. So what did i do there i i found something a small piece of what they said that i can agree with and.

Then i i validated i echoed their techniques and i asked again right. I used as many of their words as i could. So again by the way this won't happen all that often i've i've literally done this with thousands and thousands of people and it's not until you get into super super polarizing topics that this even becomes a thing and even. Then if you're echoing them they if you've done it properly they want.

So much to be in connection with you that they will actually soften their stance we have a technique that we teach in killer influence and we teach in cpi called rapport wars how many people here have ever done report wars in cpi or killer influence okay. It's what's really amazing is that when you when you engage in this level of rapport building there's an inherent there's an instinctive neurological drive that human beings have to find common ground it's hardwired into our molecules it's built into our molecules and our atoms and it comes out in our neurology the moment you start matching things both sets of neurology start moving towards agreement and common ground and compromise. So if you do this properly even if you're talking about very polarizing subjects your neurology will start to look. For ways to agree to find common ground it's just how we're wired right.

One of the things we do in cpi killer influence which you'll you'll see it in the course is that we actually have people sit across from each other and take polar op polarize like one is pro-life the other is pro-choice and they have to maintain disagreement while actively matching and mirroring each other's body language and they can't do it within within a few minutes someone starts to give ground somewhere or their body language starts it's crazy right. And. Then we do the opposite where we we have people try to maintain a conversation while actively mismatching each other's physiology and the conversation breaks completely down yeah and and it and not we don't just do it to show you the pro we do it to prove it to you we want you to experience these things which is why when you come to the live events you'll get that in spades you know uh because the moment you have an ex one experience replaces a hundred books okay. So.

So when you start doing this on a verbal level when you start echoing people you're matching you're echoing right. There their neurology senses kindred spirit and their bodies their brain starts to train their heart starts to train and everything about them is looking for ways to get along and as long as you maintain the process it's inevitable the only the only variable is time the longer this takes place the deeper they go right. Are we clear rob lilly i remember you rob make sure that if you haven't grabbed your course yet here's the links just in case. So um all right.

So. First level questions are always about we call it location occasion location occasion is always a superficial question about who you're with and why you're here now why do we do that and the drink special example i just gave you was actually one that one of my students used after coming to one of our meetups um and uh he actually met his his wife now um with the same exact thing he just walked up to her says hey curious what a drink special three magic questions are off now they're married right. Um. So what is what are we actually doing here what's what what level of the brain or the mind are we actually trying to tap into using this question or using this process when people move through the world their brain their their thought process their mental state is is in one of several configurations they're either internal and associated or dissociated in other words they're in their head thinking about everything.

But the present moment or they can be external associated right. So what does this mean it means they're out of their head they're paying attention to what's going on around them which is usually the person they're interacting with the whole process the whole reason for doing this level of question is to move people to a feeling of external association right. Because if they're in their head remember attention is the currency of relationships. So if they're in their head making pictures they're not paying attention to you and.

Therefore they can't follow your questioning process you guys with me. So far how would i do it if i were talking to someone on. So exactly the same way i'm doing it now because i am on social media right. Now i'm doing a zoom call i would do exactly with them what i'm doing with you right.

Now period it's exactly it's 100 exactly the same and and believe me when i say this unless they've been trained by me and even. Then if you're echoing properly it won't matter you will not get caught it's it's it's. So hard to get caught doing this and even when you are caught doing it if you're coming from the right. Place from that heartfelt desire to connect and be understood and give that person the gift of feeling validated there's nothing to catch that's evil right.

And that's why this is. So powerful for us level two questions are always about career play and passion. So i may start talking about uh to use this example really quick i may talk about i'm curious what are the drinks special they say i don't know what the drink specials are. But the the rum is really good oh.

So you don't know the drink specials. But you say the rum is really good. So i'm curious what what kind of rum do you like which is which is your favorite rum oh i like the i like the the captain morgan because i you know i've always wanted to be a part oh you've always wanted to be a pirate. So i'm curious are you are you here by yourself as a pirate or are you just uh you're just hanging out or you have friends right.

Oh i'm i'm waiting for my friends or they should be here any minute. But yeah. So you love being a pirate. So i'm curious when did you grow up wanting to be a pirate or did you just wake up one day hey shiver me timbers i bet there's an origin story there what's it like wanting to be a pirate boom she's going to tell me a story you see how it works level right.

From level one to level two why play fun passion what do you want people to experience when they're standing right. In front of you do you want them to feel nervous insecure embarrassed or do you want them to have fun do you want them to feel playful do you want them to associate those feelings to you right. So again most people um talk about careers very common passions and what they do for fun if you stick with these three topics and you ask good questions now notice what i said you wanted to be a pirate wow i'm curious how did that happen did you just wake up one day and say are shiver me timbers or was there like how did you decide you wanted to like be a pirate you think she's going to tell me a story you started on talk like a pirate day what if she doesn't have any hobbies and hates her job what do you love to do passion remember remember and again it's great question what if they don't like their job that's fine even if they don't like their job the moment they start bitching about their job they go into a pleasure state guess who gets linked to that pleasure state right. You see one of the things you need to understand remember that little pyramid i showed you that hierarchy of beliefs right.

Below trans personal or spiritual was the word identity right. Here's the thing you need to understand in most westernized countries as well as most eastern countries you are what you do. So when you when you ask somebody what do you do for a living they almost always answer with i'm a i'm a teacher i'm an accountant i am a neuro-linguistic programmer i am a hypnotist i am a coach i'm a therapist i am a dancer i am a barista right. Anytime you hear an i am statement what you are hearing is a belief that is held at the.

Second highest level of a person's belief hierarchy directly below the spiritual level a person cannot talk about themselves without experiencing pleasure this goes. So far this evening goes into trauma work one of the most interesting things one of my mentors uh steve park hill and jerry kind um actually jerry khan and steve park hill said to the class i was i was watching one time he says you want to see a drunk get real or an alcoholic get really happy tell them what a no. Good piece of shitty is and they're like what and the reason is is because nine times out of ten that's how they feel about themselves and they're getting validated even though it's a shitty self-image the validation actually triggers affirmation and they get happy hopefully as a therapist you find ways to fix that. But that's how i mean when somebody you're asking somebody about their business and they start ragging on it understand they're talking and they're talking about the most important subject in their life them the problem is of course they're talking negative do you want people like that in your world and this is what i mean when i say that the three magic questions protocol was designed to do two things at the same time it was designed to stimulate self-disclosure and attraction while allowing the person asking the questions to evaluate the person answering them to make a decision as to whether they were a hell no.

Run screaming a friend you know remote friend or acquaintance a uh potential friend a best friend a friend with benefits a life part a boyfriend life whatever think of the continuum right. Because as the person talks about themselves they go into a profound pleasure state as they continue to to express that and they get that that going in that validation their feelings of good their good feelings start to arise who are they looking at when those feelings come up they're looking at you guess who gets linked automatically to those feelings you do right. And you can and again for most people you never need to go beyond level two level two is always about career pleasure passion and you wanna ask things like. So i'm curious did you wake up one day you want to be an accountant did you wake up one day and want to make donuts did you wake up one day and decide you were going to be a pirate how did i bet there's an origin story how did that happen for you right.

And you say i'm curious what do you find most challenging about what you do what do you love what do you what do you love about it right. Again ask questions that facilitate explanation opinion or story. Then what do you do you listen you validate you echo you ask again you go back to that master echo sequence and you just cycle through it and they will they will just run off at the mouth for hours hours and hours and you have to say barely 10 of the language is something you made up. But again don't believe me test it robert's asking can i influence these feelings like a brother or more romantically you can do both that's what's cool if you understand what uh remember when i was talking about killer influence i said in killer infants we have three levels of rapport and if you activate the wrong one at the wrong at the wrong time you can go in you can pick a romantic encounter and turn it into a friendship you could take a romantic encounter turn it into a stalker right.

It specifically integrates with the three magic questions. So if you have a certain vibe when you enter into three magic questions protocol that conversation is going to steer towards a romantic relationship if you come in with classical reports taught in nlp or conversation like erickson and hypnosis you're going to spin that relationship towards the friend zone. So you need to really understand rapport dynamics as well as how to link things to you. So three magic questions is a framework that you can follow that you can use to navigate even.

First dates lines at starbucks uh networking functions whatever you want okay. Really really powerful level three questions are always about early positive childhood experiences yeah you always gotta have an outcome if you don't have an outcome you're dead in the water because you'll probably wind up somewhere else. But here's the thing i need you to understand when you start implementing three magic questions you if you don't have good state control you're not in control of your psychomotive state which is the very. First thing that we teach you in cpi very.

First day very. First thing besides know your outcome you will become at the you'll be at the mercy of the attraction you generate because you will generate attraction that is reciprocal and if you don't keep your outcome in mind if you don't have your state control under wraps you will start giving people the benefit of the doubt that you shouldn't be giving the benefit of the doubt okay. This is i've seen it i've watched people get sucked into relationships that were not good for them because they forgot that the reason for doing three magic questions is to evaluate the person while you're generating attraction. So you can decide if they're a keeper or not.

So you can eliminate 12 weeks of crash diets new wardrobes hair salons and all that other crap does that make sense okay. And again we cover this more far more fully in killer influence which again if you grab your package you'll have all that and you'll have a whole lot more right. Is this useful helpful okay. Last piece now here's the now strategically you never go to level three unless they have passed and this doesn't matter if you're male or female you never go to level three until you're certain they've passed all your tests and you want this person to be a more intimate part of your life you want this person to have a physical intimate relationship with you does that make sense uh and when i say physical intimate i don't necessarily mean sexual.

But it could be like a best friend or you know extended family like brother you choose or sister you choose kind of relationship. But again for most interactions for most applications does this package include killer influence yes. It does yes. It does that's the 17 video course that i started with um.

So if you decide that this person meets your criteria they match your they match your values they match your rules they match the types of activities yes. Business partner absolutely business partner you can probably stay at level two. But a lot of business partnerships are a lot like marriages. So you probably wouldn't it probably wouldn't be a bad idea to take them to level three and let me explain what happens at level three at level three you start talking about early positive childhood experiences now we've all met people from time to time that even though we've only met them for like a few minutes or this is our.

First time meeting them within 10 15 20 minutes we feel like we've known this person our entire life like they've always been part of our world we've all met people like that true or not true when you take people to level three you trigger that effect in them you see the most powerful memories human beings have are their earliest ones and. So when you talk about early positive childhood experiences and they recall the memory they're looking at you when that memory comes up all the feelings all the emotions all the time that has passed between when that memory was created and you opens and you literally inject yourself into that memory and. So within a very short time they will start to feel like you've known them like they've known you since. Then that's why you got to be careful because if you're dealing with someone who's like borderline someone who's um manic or bipolar uh even you know schizophrenic to a certain degree you can wind up with a stalker on your hands now the beautiful thing about three magic questions is as they go deeper and deeper into the process they begin to disclose more and more stuff and because they're in a deep level of attraction trust and rapport with you it becomes increasingly harder for them to lie to you okay.

So there's a huge amount of benefit to mastering this process and in tpi and killer influence we'll we'll take you to the. Next level of this which is even more powerful right. But if all you have is echo technique and this basic understanding of three magic questions people gonna love you you're gonna be the most fascinating person at parties people are to want to do what you want them to do if you apply the criterion values and at any point during this 3mq process you could elicit criterion values the emotional bonding checklist you can go right. Down dig deep link it to yourself because it's already happened right.

How do you protect yourself from people who are bipolar if they're already close set up boundaries and a willingness to walk away and minimize your time with them if that's possible i i you know i admit that sometimes with certain family members you can't you can't effectively distance yourself. So you've got to you've got to amp up your state control you've also again if you master these conversational techniques you're going to find that you have a much better ability to manage their extremes okay. Is this is this useful all all right. I've got six minutes to teach you the resistance removal protocol jeez how am i going to do that okay.

So brandon is asking how can i use this to info to legally ethically make enough money through relationships of providing value to earn money to get out of it it's very simple. First of all have something of value that helps people when you talk to people when you talk to people find out what they want from your product what do they want to accomplish through your product or service and what's important to them about it talk to them only about the things they mention elicit their checklist elicit their their labels the words they use to describe it and satisfy it and if you just keep talking about your product or service you show them exactly what you've talked about and you're congruent with it eight out of ten of them nine out of ten of them will do business with you out of default they'll find they'll find the money for it now if you do this process and through your questioning you discover that what you have is not a fit for what they need by all means tell them that because the worst thing you want to do is use this process to tell something to somebody or make to get them to buy something or take an action that won't get them what they asked for that in my world would be unethical persuasion right. You're never wrong finding out what people want and showing them how to get it that's what that's the difference between buying and selling people don't like to be sold. But they love to buy your job from a business standpoint is to find out what they want to buy and how they know they're getting what they're asking for without a guess without having to guess you're never going to go wrong asking okay.

Okay. All right. So now i'm down to four minutes. So i'm gonna i'm gonna give you very broad strokes about this resistance removal protocol okay.

Has this been useful has this been helpful brandon says i'm in your course cool awesome all right. So here's the deal that you might want to go ahead and and do a screenshot of this and. Then maybe uh when you guys come to class or you come to the mastermind this weekend um we can go through this in fact why don't we do that for those of you who are in the who already got the package um when you come to the mastermind this saturday uh ask about the resistance movement protocol we'll go through it okay. So the.

First thing that has to happen and by the way the source material for this book. Is called instant influence by dr michael pantalon instant influence by dr michael antoine here we go okay. So the. First thing you need to do when you want to get somebody to voluntarily do the thing they said they didn't want to do i'm going to like this is you actually have to tell them it's okay.

For them not to do it we call that restore sense of personal autonomy you see when people are are being browbeaten they're forced to do something there's a phenomenon that arises in us called reactants i call it the you factor right. You've ever been uh people give you advice that you didn't ask for and you know they mean well. But that annoyance that you feel that's called psychological reactants that happens anytime you experience a threat to your sense of personal choice doesn't matter if it if it's someone you know or someone you don't. So the.

First thing that has to happen is you need to dissolve that you need to say look. You can say no. To this you can choose not to do it i support you and you've got to make them believe you they've got to know that you're on their side. Then you ask them the magic question.

But i'm curious about something if you were to want to do this for your reasons not mine not your aunts not your grandpas not your brothers not your children if you want to do this for your reasons i'm curious why might you want to do that why might you want to do that and they're going to give you some stupid reason right. It doesn't really matter what the reason i'm just going to say stupid reason. But it's not a stupid reason it may sound stupid to you. But it doesn't matter what it meant what it sounds like to you it matters what it sounds like to them whatever comes out of their mouth is what you use what do you do when the words come out of their mouth you listen you validate you echo you ask again sound familiar right.

You say look. If you don't want to do it you don't have to do it if you were to want to do it why might you want to do it oh that's why you want to do it you might want to do it. So i'm curious on a scale of 0 to ten how much might you want to do that three oh wow three why. So much why didn't you rate that less they won't if you've done this right.

They won't say no. Okay. And i'll tell you why the only time they say no. When they still feel like you're trying to manipulate them when they still feel like you're trying to play an angle this is why i harp.

So. So hard on restore sense of personal autonomy they have to believe that you're actually on their side they have to believe that if they say no. You're going to be okay. With that and you're going to stand by them and support them this is i talk about this.

But i can't i can't really stress to you how critical this is because if if you don't restore personal autonomy they're going to be ultra defensive to everything you say to them they're going to automatically look. For the angle you're playing and they're not going to be open to thinking about other things and this and this is how the the system works because what happens is when you say hey look. All right. I know you don't want to quit smoking right.

And if you don't want to quit i'm a hypnotist i i do smoke uh weight loss and smoke cessation. But listen i'm your advocate right. I don't i don't i don't work for your your brother i don't work for your sister i don't work for your mom i'm here for you and if you don't want to quit smoking i'm not going to make i'm not going to try to make you quit smoking right. If you want to learn how to enjoy smoking more dude i'm going to help you do that if you just want to sit here and use the hour that they spent and fantasize i can i can make that better if you want to like smoking better i can help you do that right.

It's again i'm not married to what they want because i'm on your side. But just for the sake of conversation just for you know discussions if if just if if you were to want to do x y z to quit smoking for example for your reason not your moms or your wives or your kids for you curious why might you want to do that you're going to come up with something if you've done the work of neutralizing the reactants if you haven't they're just going to say i told you i don't want to do it i'm not going to do it right. Okay. Whatever they say you listen you pay attention you validate you echo you ask again.

So i'm curious. So you you know why won't you want to go smoke well you know honestly i i could really i'm really kind of tired away my clothes always smell like an ashtray that would probably be my biggest reason for not doing it okay. So i get it i get trust me i've been around smokers all my life and i know what that smells like and i know how much of a pia it can be when you smell like an ashtray all the time i'm curious about something though if you were to want to stop smelling like an ashtray on a scale of 0-10 how much might you want to do that um probably four or five wow really four or five why that's a lot why. So much why didn't you rate that less and you're going to see this look.

When you do that they're going to go what because they're expecting you to say why didn't you want it more. But that's not what you ask you say to them why didn't you rate it less and they're going to go because i don't want to smell like an ashtray you idiot and you'll see that that exacerbated that exasperated look. On their face like dude what duh because i want it that's why cool um. So just.

So i understand you better how soon do you want to get started do you not smell like an ashtray anymore how soon you want to stop smelling like an ashtray well let's go let's get this done right. Now what just happened there's a very little known phenomenon in human called reactants we talked about that. But the other way that this works is anytime a human being generates a rationale and you attack the rationale their reasoning behind what their decision that reason gets stronger they get reactant. So when you ask the question why might you want to do that and why didn't you rate it less you're actually challenging the reason they gave you for wanting to do it and in the act of justifying and defending their decision the desire to do it gets stronger and.

Then you say okay. Cool. So honest you know how soon do you want to get started or what's the. Next step we need to take to have your clothes stop smelling like an astro boom very seamless because it moves their is there is it is that a temporary desire it can be.

But in a therapeutic usually not though um usually not because what hap what most what's most smart operators do is the minute they give you that reason you link a criteria in values of the station to check this too and all of a sudden they become very very emotionally invested in in doing that thing we call it a criteria lock you'll learn about it in killer influence you can actually link these things together in a daisy chain that just makes them extremely hard to break. But usually what happens is in that moment when they've generated that reason for wanting to go forward they're ready to take an action now. So you should get them started on taking that action. But you need to do it in a way that's not like you know there's a you're fishing and also you feel the tug on it you yank the worm out of the out of the fish's mouth you got to be very matter of fact very casual about it.

But that's the whole process and if you read instant influence by michael panellon he'll go even deeper into some of the aspects of this very powerful and by the way um it's even it even works on pain you can actually argue people out of pain it's crazy can i do what jerry says david can you put the page up with you as number one nlp guru in 20 you mean from my powerpoint yeah i can do that kind of a weird request hold on a. Second [Music] i bumped out of my powerpoint here hold on a. Second uh now this is good enough i have no. Idea why jerry's asking me to do this.

But oops there it is is that helpful okay. So once again um we're coming up to the end of our event uh hopefully you guys uh have learned a lot and you go out into the world and actually do this stuff i hope um and just. So you're very welcome that's what i'm here for guys again i i'm i'm a teacher that's what i do. So let's go ahead and just review really quick this.

Last time let's get back to my page okay. So for those of you this is uh this is. Last call for those fast action bonuses and it's going to include the stealth i'm sorry the secrets of human influence home study course uh valued at 2 479 bucks weapons of mass instruction neuroscience and storytelling secrets 1 950 we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to get uh renegade reframing the art of conversational belief change um one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're gonna give that to you absolutely free we're gonna give you charisma and conversion hypnotic presentations built for speakers presenters and public speakers three months of the mastermind uh valued at 594 dollars plus the 10-year archive the stealth instant conversation with no. System crash course uh valued at 997 dollars we're gonna give that to you absolutely free and.

Then. Finally for those of you who are ready to take the plunge we're ready to get this stuff in you and to just absolutely make your life everything you want it to be we're gonna give you that vip super ticket gives you your choice of any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar it's valued at 2 250 all you gotta do to get yours uh it's at uh twelve thousand one hundred eighty eight dollars package you can get the whole thing for 9.97 or three easy installments of just 3.97 all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go you can email stephanie at nlpower.com or call her directly at two 858 two four six six three this replay should be available thank you carlos welcome aboard my friend this replay should be available within a couple of hours uh on the youtube channel. So if you did ask a question and i did not see it or it did not get answered please go to the replay of this video on youtube type your question in the comment section and i promise you over the. Next five to seven days seven to ten days i will go back and i will systematically answer every single question and and respond to you that's my promise to you and uh it's because i love you and i know for a fact that if you use even one of these tools you will change your life and it will just keep getting better.

So in the immortal words of the great and powerful carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night everybody love you god bless uh make sure you share this share and like this video around share it to your friends grab your packages before i log off this is the. Last call right.

Go get em tigers love you.
