Title: Revealed: Hypnotic Trance Secrets to Control Conversations and Influence Anyone!
File Name: m829l6CYMhU.txt
Video Id: m829l6CYMhU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m829l6CYMhU

Anybody here want to know what trans feels like close your eyes. Go ahead close your eyes. Close your eyes. That's what trans feels like okay.

You don't realize how deep you've gone until you've come out more often than not okay. So when you're doing covert transing you won't necessarily see although sometimes you do and it's hysterical right. I'll tell you some funny stories um many times what you'll see when people go into trans is they'll just get this vacant in a slight unconscious nod they won't even realize they're doing it that their face will be very slack they'll be very they'll be focused on you. But kind of glazed at the same time um and a lot of times you'll see that unconscious nodding when you see that when you see them kind of check out you just start layering suggestions and we're going to play with inducing that phenomena uh as we move move through the state control processes and we get a few other things under our belt.

I assume you know nothing in this class. I assume you're right. Off the street you can't spell hypnosis much less uh do it uh and we start there because this was designed as a beginner to awesome course in four days now some of you going to get that bonus day and on that bonus day we're going to drill down specifically into your applications in other words what is it that we need to focus on for you what kind of strategy do we want to employ those kinds of things and since we're talking about strategies and things like that the most important thing to remember when you are beginning to create an influence strategy or or pretty much any approach to influences you have to start with knowing what it is you want we call it defining an outcome oops did my computer okay. It's just one of those days there we go all right.

Know your outcome nothing happens until you know what you want when you talk about knowing what you want it's also about knowing how you know you're getting it right. Now if you look. At this diagram which you can only see it's part of it at the very outer ring is what most of you came here for is the state control. State control is the most generic and.

Universal and ever deepening skill that you have it's the ability to enter or exit any psychoemotional state as an act of will at will and to access them in any sequence. So if. I want to go from sad to happy. I can do that.

I want to go from. Angry to indifferent. I can do that and all points in between on that. Spectrum now if you really want to get good at this for those of you who are you know.

I'm. I say this complete playful seriousness take an acting class the best hypnotists on the planet bar nun are actors why think about their entire craft their entire craft is about creating a reality and sucking you out of yours and into theirs that's everything an actor does. So if you really really want to take your hypnosis skills whether they're overt or covert to a different level engage in the process of specifically method acting by the way which also makes you a very very convincing liar uh in amman's book. Telling lies he says there are certain categories of people that you can't catch them lies one of them as method actors because they're thought they're they're taught to enter a state a.

Persona and be that persona for all intense and purposes. So their mirror neurons are firing on all thrusters they're completely congruent and that's how you catch. Liars is in congruencies in the way they speak and how their body language. C matches up with their their spoken language um how they're orientating and and shifting in terms of that kind of thing okay.

So these are things we're going to touch on a lot because everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of. So the more fasile the more agile you can get with generating feelings in your own body and connecting with another human being the more rapidly and deeply you'll be able to transfer those feelings through your proprioception and mirror neurons to another human being now you heard me talk about. Dr emman several times and one of the reasons that. I'm going to keep coming back to.

Dr ekman's work because in his book. Emotions revealed. Dr emman identifies a behavior that the neurology engages in he called it the emotional refractory period okay. The emotional refractory period is a behavior that your neurology activates every time you go through an emotional state shift remember.

I said that all transstates are a combination of absorption in the state process or experience combined with a continually narrowing focus of attention each and and and that that combination will give you access to certain resources and it will cut you off from others right. There are certain. States you've been in where everything just flowed and you couldn't make a mistake even if you tried we call those the zone or flow states there have been states where you you couldn't do anything right. Those are all transes all emot states are transstates that's important as a covert hypnotist because that is where you that is your playing field the realm of emotion emotion changes perception every time you go through an emotional state change the the perceptual filters in your neurology change as a quick question how many people have ever been in an argument with somebody okay.

Cool how many people here have ever been in an argument with somebody and you go back back and forth he said she said she said she said whatever it was and. Finally after 10 15 20 minutes you resolve the argument and. Then for the. Next 10 or 15 20 minutes.

Later everything you say pisses them off again right. Welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period functionally what that mechanism does is the moment you go through a state change it wants to stay alive it that's that that emotional state acts like a living thing within you and it's going to and and the neurology wants to uh make that the new the new normal yes. Sir the new state the new state becomes the. Baseline for for that moment while you can maintain that that that level of arousal and.

So what it will do what the neurology will do is it will tweak what you pay attention to. First um we don't have a whiteboard. But if. I had a whiteboard.

I would write on the board if. I walked into a room and there were 10 units of information in that room eight of them eight of them are positive two of them are negative if. I go into that room in a negative. State what do you think.

I'm going to orient on. First exactly if. I'm in a positive. State what do you think.

I'm going to orient on. First exactly now when. I. First read that a little bell went off inside my head now kids kind of know where.

I'm instinctively know where. I'm going with this. But we're not kids. So yet by the way how many of you have ever been little children okay.

Those of you who aren't sure right. I every now and. Then. I get some smartass in the backr says no.

I was born in a test tube. I grew up in. I had a womb with a view right. Right.

Um we'll get into that stuff. Later. Anyway moving back to this ident this this emotional refractory period when you have an emotional shift your perceptual filters change when. I saw that in the book.

Little bell went off because kids instinctively know that if there's something they want that they could potentially be said no. To the. First thing they're going to ask is which parents in a better mood right. Is.

Daddy in a good mood mommy in you guys know this we know this right. My six-year-old is really dangerous with this she when she you'll probably meet her at some point this week uh she looks into your eyes. And you know she's just looking at your soul and seeing all the nasty stuff that she can play with right. But uh she's adorable.

But you never see her coming right. That causes people's external perceptions and internal perceptions to change that happens with everybody every moment of every day every time you go through an emotional state shift your perceptions change literally every time you have a feeling change in your body your reality changes it's that true.
