Title: Face Reading For Fun &amp; Profit
File Name: MAbjn4FJdZo.txt
Video Id: MAbjn4FJdZo
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAbjn4FJdZo

All right. Folks we have 48 seconds to go going to be fun make sure you have things to write on to write with caffeinated beverages oxytocin and stimulating substances and get ready to play because we got to play you're not playing you're not learning all right. Hey from. Montana all right.

Hello hello hello everybody this is. Dr. David welcome to face reading for fun and. PR profit for the.

Next two and a half three hours. I will be your guide through what. I. I.

I've come to believe to be one of the most fascinating and useful uh disciplines. I've ever. I've ever had experience to study and. I've studied a lot um hold on.

I turn off my zoom alarm because apparently. Zoom wants to let me know you're all here. But. I already know that because.

I'm ahead of. Zoom apparently all right. So all right. So.

I'm going to go ahead and just do my little uh pregame warm-up. I usually do it about 15 to 20 minutes before we we jump on the air. So people have a time to prepare because sometimes the the notices go out late or whatever. So.

First and foremost if this is your. First time with me. I need you to do something for me. I need you to type your name where you're checking in from and type.

First time in the chat if you're not a firsttimer if you're a. David veteran. Pro or a longtime resident pres of. Planet.

David please type in your name where you're checking in from and how long you've been a a a follower or a practitioner or resident whatever word you want to use uh of. Planet. David and the reason for that is is because. I want all of our new people to know that they're not alone and that if for some reason uh they ask a question and.

I don't see it or. I don't get to it or. I think it's going to take us off topic that they have another resource that they can go to to get those questions answered and that's what. I want you guys who are my veterans to to help out with in a non-distracting way if you see people keep asking a question um that either.

I don't see or. I believe it's going to take us off track and you have direct experience answering that question or or or have solved that question in your life. I want you to just reach out to them privately or in a non uh distracting way answer the qu answer the question for them uh in the chat now if you want an answer directly from me when many people do and that's perfectly okay. Okay.

Um there's two there's two basic ways you're going to get your questions answered. First and foremost is obvious you type it in the chat if. I see it and. I feel it's in line with where we're at in the webinar.

I'm gonna answer it that's simple. However a lot of times questions people have and especially from our. YouTube contingent. I get questions that are have nothing to do with the content of the webinar they're just happy to be able to talk to me and and ask question and.

I love that. I really do um. But a lot of times. I can't answer those questions because it's going to take us down rabbit holes that that we're not here to learn about.

So to be fair if you have a question like that or there's a question that. I just simply did not answer on the webinar at the end of this webinar. Youtube will automatically create a replay of it and it will post it in our live video section if you go to that section uh after the video usually it's anywhere from 30 to 45 minutes the the video becomes live or something like that um just type your question in the comment section because. I make it a practice uh to visit my.

YouTube channel the back end of it uh four five times a day day and make sure that the questions get uh processed answered whatever if. I can answer that question. I will uh usually through a direct answer. I'll point you at a product.

I'll point you at one of our. YouTube videos or. I'll point you at another resource that. I think might be a better fit for you.

So those are the three ways you get your questions answered make sure you have things to write on one of the things about our particular webinars is they're not really like regular webinars they're more like online mini classes and. So everything you don't have to believe anything that we're going to share with you today all we ask is that you uh come in the spirit of having fun know why you what what it is you want to take away from the webinar tonight do the drills get the skills and when. I give you an opportunity to level up you go ahead and you take that opportunity the more you participate in the class tonight the more powerful an experience you're going to have and. I found that while data is fun to learn and to acquire it's the experiences of things the the the the person we become by doing something that actually creates transformation in us and.

I'm pretty sure none of you are here to stay because you want to stay the same most of you are would this be true or not true for you you're here because you want to take the randomness out of your life would that be would that be true for you if that's true for you type that in the chat okay. And once again the other thing. I wanna. I want to just tell you up up front.

I am a deeply needy person and what that means is. I love interactiveness. I love the give and take. I love dialoging.

So. I try to create as much connection is possible uh between myself and my audience because. I want you guys to feel like you're part of something uh really special and really important because you are you're very special you're very important to me. So my job here is to show you how to get from where you are to where you want to be and if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in tonight's webinar.

I got time to give you about this much right. Honestly. So here's kind of my promise to you for those of you and you guys have heard me say this before and. I try to make it as true as possible tonight.

I will take you as far as. I can in the time that we have to give you an understanding of face reading what it can do its potentials for how it can change your life. I will teach you as much as. I can in the time that we have and.

I will point you in the direction of where to go uh to take the. Next step is that a fair trade if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chat form let's see here. Perfect all right. Let me just pop this chat out.

So. I'm not perpetually uh if you see me looking back and forth. It's because. I got dueling chat boxes here and.

I'm trying to. I'm trying to look. At my. PowerPoints look.

At my notes and make sure. I'm giving you guys good. FaceTime if you know what. I'm saying all right.

So. First and foremost let me give you my disclaimers. Then we're going to jump into class. First and foremost if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you not the best use of your. Next two and a half to three hours my intention is never to offend anyone. But many times the thing.

I things. I say because they're based on. Research they're based on the way the world is not the way that we want the world to be a lot of these things can provoke feelings and and responses in you and that's fine because when those things come up that's an opportunity for you it's an opportunity for you to realize there's some kind of unresolved emotional issue going on that something that happened in this webinar provoked it's your chance to point to where you feel it make a note of it and. Then go back and use one of our transformation techniques to clear that out right.

Pro we don't know we have a problem many times until we run into something that provokes it and face reading. I'll just tell you right. Up front if you decide to follow the. PA path of face reading and become a face reader.

Then uh you will gain the closest thing to a super power humanly humanly possible with with the exception of the. NLP. Ultra trainings which go hand inand with this. So people ask me about face reading and and is this even real right.

Um. So. First and foremost before. I get into uh that part of it um let's make sure that we're in the right.

Place. So if you can answer yes. To any of these questions uh this is a place for you to be and by the way our webinars do run long and they're heavy on content. So if you had if you're planning on a 90-minute webinar might want toink those plans right.

Otherwise make sure you stay till the end because we got some really cool stuff for you. So if you'd like to discover how people think feel and behave go ahead and type that to me in the chat if you'd like to become more irresistibly charismatic persuasive and attractive type that's me in the chat or that's for me. I want that if you'd like to earn more money in your job move up the ladder hire better people choose better mates and and get better dates type that in the chat if you'd like to protect yourself from manipulating and and and social sociopathic and narcissistic out there type that in the chat if you'd like to have people literally hanging on your every word and making up excuses to spend more time with you. So you you can give them the advice and tell them what they should be doing with their life if you're a coach a therapist a hypnotist uh a mentor of any kind this is solid gold right.

If you if you if you're building teams and leading groups if would you like to be able to know who who's the right. Person for the job just by the features of their face right. Like. I said aside from.

NLP and hypnosis this is the most one of the most. God a. God not. God awful.

But god- awful powerful um tools. I've ever come across for making life easier okay. And if you'd like to understand yourself better and and and stuff just type that in the chat chat okay. Because as far as a self-exploration tool.

I haven't found many things that are better than face reading okay. So um let's go ahead and talk about um just. So. I know you understand you guys better uh how many of you is this let me just go back to.

I'm just going to scroll up here real quick how many of you is this. First time in a in a webinar with me looks like all of you are veterans here okay. All right. Good okay.

Cool all right. So. I. I'll get into my bio in a minute.

But a lot of people when. I when. I start talking about facial especially my colleagues in the uh in the behavioral sciences world uh one of the things that that they they always is this stuff real is this like phenology is this like feeling the bumps on somebody's head and my. First answer is hell no.

Um the the system that you're going to learn is. U my my adaptation of what. I learn from my teacher. So let me share her with you really quick because.

I really recommend if you haven't if you don't know who she is or you haven't seen her book. Um this is important and it's important as from a. Chinese perspective to always honor your lineage. So what you're seeing here let me make this a little bit bigger for you.

I'm not a big. PowerPoint guy uh because it's it's too boring. So what you're seeing here is on the on this is my teacher it's a very this is a very young lilan. Bridges because this is how uh when.

I think of her this is how. I remember her uh even though she she died couple decades after this picture was taken. But this is my teacher uh the late. Lilian.

Pearl. Bridges she is the author of the face reading in. Chinese medicine and she was considered pretty much by everyone on the planet as the world's leading. Authority on face reading in.

Chinese medicine uh and she was absolutely brilliant in her ability to create complete profiles of a person's personality just by looking at specific areas of their face in a specific order and sequence um she was sought after worldwide and. I was very very fortunate to be um able to train with. Lillian and. I miss her a lot.

But. I want people to know that this is this is my lineage and this is the person who taught me and. I miss her and if you look. Immediately to your right.

This was one of the very. First. Graphics that lilan not the the classical. Chinese.

Jing thing. But this particular picture right. Here this picture uh is from a a book. On.

Chinese medicine that is over 2,500 years old. Chinese face reading is actually a derivative or an aspect of. Chinese medical diagnosis. So when we look.

At a person's face we can diagnose everything from the condition of your lungs your stomach your spleen um your pancreas to your emotional health and. Trauma history to um to your dominant personality traits and temperament now one of the things that. I found that. I haven't been able to really crack and.

I think. I don't think. Lillian could either is one of the things that a face reading training. Le the ones that.

I have will not tell you is somebody's character. So in other words you may see somebody who is very courageous uh very dominant very assertive and that person could be they could be uh an evangelist you know a a high-ranking uh spiritual teacher or they could be a gangster same same traits same characteristics. But the. But the character is is very different the direction that those uh traits are pointing is very different.

So one of the things. I want to to. Really emphasize with you as you're learning these materials is that there are certain things you will be able you'll be able to look. At somebody like.

Lillian um just a little background on. Lillian just. So you know how how rigorous and and how proven this stuff is there were two separate intelligence agencies that wanted to hire. Lillian to teach their operatives face reading um and.

Lillian uh said no. Because. First of all her father was a. CIA worked for the.

CIA the. Second thing was is that uh she was afraid that this material could be misused and uh. I encouraged her to uh to reconsider working with these people not because they're the the. Guardians of democracy really although that's technically true um.

But more because if you there if people want your material they're going to learn your material the difference being is that if you have a role in how that material is being disseminated you have more influence you have the ability to to. Gentle some other you know to kind of say can we not do it this way or whatever whereas if they just appropriate your stuff um they're going to use it. However they want now granted it's it's not a big it's if they're going to use it they're going to use it. But that was kind of my when we were having this discussion um that was my my thoughts on it you know because.

I thought it was an opportunity for more people to learn this science um and. U what's interesting is even in the more advanced. Behavioral. Sciences military applications there are elements of face reading that are actively used um.

I can't. I signed three non-disclosures um. So. I can't really tell you what or who that is.

But um. But. I can tell you that it is used okay. Um.

So it's cool um. So let's talk about something else that that. I think is you know we talk about face reading what is actually possible with face reading you know can we use face reading to make more money the answer is a resounding yes. Can we use face reading to improve our relationships or or date better quality people absolutely two of the most powerful applications that classical face reading was used for were business legal uh business and legal applications and matchmaking aside from the the medical aspects of it if you wanted to select a partner you would go you would go consult or uh to to to set up a marriage or whatever you would go and you would consult the face reader uh in in in the old.

Chinese systems the. Imperial systems um documents were very very easy to forge if you wanted to move up you had to have a certain set of education and credentials and. So one of the things would happen is you would submit your resume you would submit your documentation and. Then they would go see the face reader and if the your faal characteristics didn't match your application they started looking at you real hard okay.

It's really really interesting now lest you think that that that idea of using some form of phys not physiy. But face reading or um uh organic profiling tool is unique for many years. I don't know if it's still true. But when.

I back in the early 90s um. I was studying with a guy named. Bart baggot uh with graph analysis and. I consider.

BART to be uh the world's leading. Authority on handwriting anal graph analysis and one of the things that he and his dad used to say was when you were if you were uh applying for a job in. France in. Europe many times uh one of the.

First things that they would look. They would be very upset if you typed anything because they wanted to analyze your handwriting they wanted to know okay. What what are the guys what is the guys personality traits what is woman's personality traits are they are their characteristics a fit for this application right. Because if you have somebody who is a very fast uh what we call comprehensive thinker like they can do things out of order they think very fast they handle ambiguity really really well uh putting them in a job where they're just stamping documents every day is going to drive them batting they're not going to they're not going to excel because it's too it's not.

Dynamic uh or fluid uh an occupation for them whereas somebody who's a cumulative thinker who has more serotonin influence in their life they're very steady they're very consistent they like to do things this they like repetitive they kind of like repetitive tasks they tend to do well at repetitive tasks um that would be the perfect job for someone with uh if you were using uh the. Fisher temperament or what we call a builder type person or someone who has a strong serotonergic uh influence in their body. So face feeding is is one of the most useful tools because. I can you know.

I can use the word diagnosis because. I have a doctor in front of my name uh most people can't use that word. So we'll talk about profiling okay. How do we profile people when.

I look. At somebody. I can profile everything from their physical health and. Constitution all the way up to their emotional baggage.

I can even look. At a person's ear until when their their their siblings were born it's really it's bizarre right. Um and what's interesting from a therapeutic or coaching aspect if you see clients or you. Mentor people or coach people um and you're helping people resolve emotional trouble traumas for example um if you s help them unpack that particular uh facial feature or marking and you successfully resolve it the marking will start to fade very bizarre.

First time. Lillian said that. I literally yelled uh from across a crowded. Auditorium and.

Then she looked at me and from across the room proceeded to read my entire personality um and and. I was hooked uh and. So. I.

I've been just it's it launched me on a whole other path of study and understanding from the ancient. Chinese systems and what they actually knew versus what they were actually letting people believe they knew. So that being said what else can you do with this stuff well. First and foremost um let go to this really quick um well you can begin to become more socially magnetic and charismatic find sexually and emotionally compatible mates you can select the right.

Kind of employees for job. I covered a lot of this already how many people here um do any kind of sports or work with people in things like performance enhancement or um finding the right. Jobs that kind of thing anybody right. Well even if you don't one of the things that face reading is really good for is you can look.

At somebody's face and their physiognomy and you can tell if they're going to be a good fit for a particular sport or athletic activity. So a lot of really good stuff that we can do with face reading. So um. So let's let's go through my bio really really quickly uh just because.

I want to be complete with you guys um let me find my share screen here all right. Here we go all right. So. First and foremost.

I am an actual doctor uh this is a copy of my diploma from. Pacific. College of. Oriental medicine.

I've been a practicing uh acupuncturist and herbalist and energ. I practitioner uh since 2005. I've had a clinic in salana beach where my focus has been using hypnosis. NLP energetics to treat physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion and that's where face reading fit in dramatically well because face reading was allowed me to look.

At a person's face and know what kind of emotional baggage they were carrying around that they've been denying and repressing. So it was a really really useful tool for me because as. I was doing my intake. I would be listening to what they say and writing down their exact words and.

I'd be looking at their faces and. I would be watching the markings actually shift and change as they cycle through various emotions it was really really powerful and. I could see the difference from the beginning of the session to the end of the session how their faces shifted and you will too that's the other thing. I want to and what.

I was going out with some of my earlier stuff is if you start using face reading. I want you to use it with respect because people will become hyper responsive to everything you say and do okay. For those of you who don't know much about me in addition to my background as a face reader and. Oriental medical practitioner uh.

I've also been named one of the number one. NLP trainers in the world and. I've been in the top two for the. Last eight years um.

I've authored over 15 different products from on face reading uh influence profiling. Therapeutics energetics. Law of. Attraction you name it um the course that.

I'm going to be driving some of these things from is called killer influence it was voted the number one. NLP training program in the world for the. Last three years. I haven't.

I don't know if we made it for for 2024 yet. But. I'll go look. At.

Global gurus and see if we made it and. I'll post an update um this is a copy of our. Global gurus page right. And uh we'll be talking a lot this is killer influence version two defense against the dark arts which is something we're going to talk a lot about today uh as part of the face reading curriculum because defense against the dark arts was a course.

I designed to teach people how to protect themsel against malevolent influence. So uh you know everything from cult recruiters to human traffickers to uh domestic abusers misogynists um con artists things of that nature these people have tells and. So we started putting together a program that would allow the average human being to be able to look. At somebody and begin to create a personality profile and.

Then based on that profile they could follow up and do further research to find out if the person that is is in is interacting with them is actually somebody they want more time with right. So we called it defense against the dark arts and it too was named the number one. NLP training program uh in the world by global gurus pretty much since we launched it. So we have two number one.

NLP training programs under our belt uh the defense against the dark arts course. I want you to really kind of put a little star. Next to that in your mind for right. Now because uh a lot of what we're going to be doing is directly relevant to protecting yourself okay.

I also have a been a lifelong martial artist for most of my life. I have a 10th degree black belt in. Ruku. Kempo.

Karate. I have a fourth degree black belt in. Shauna. Second degree black belt in koshar.

Ru. First degree black belt in fanar. Jiu-Jitsu. I'm also a certified instructor in uh combat.

Systema syin manosa. U modern arnes and as you can see um below. I have more energy healing credentials than. McDonald sells hamburgers they are not all listed there.

But you can see that. I've been around now one of the reasons. I'm talking. I'm bringing martial arts up is because believe it or not the very.

First exposure. I ever had to face reading was actually almost 35 years ago when. I. First started learning.

Ruku. Kempo kho. Jitsu intu it was a martial art that uh is very controversial in to certain people and it's an art that deals specifically with manipulating the acupuncture points meridians and energy systems of the body now a lot of. Chinese and and old classical martial art systems talk about manipulating energy um.

But the the. But the. Q show systems actually you could just touch people and they would just drop right. Because certain parts of the body um had think of it like being energetically allergic to other parts of the body.

So if you touched them or or stimulated them in certain sequences people would just bail you know their bladder would give out they poop themselves or they just pass out um and one of the things we were taught in the. Advanced. Training was how do we look. At somebody and know where they're energetically vulnerable right.

And and you can look. At somebody's face and know if they have more energy in their gallbladder. Meridian versus their their kidney. Meridian uh more energy in their triple warmer or in their uh stomach.

Meridian or their small intestine. Marian right. And based on that you would know what targets um are most likely to have the greatest degree of sensitivity for self-defense applications. So it's interesting how a lot of the things.

I'm doing began with martial arts and. Then they come back to martial arts and and. So that's why. I bring that because a lot of times when.

I show this slide people say okay. So it's a face reading class it's an. NLP class it's a covert hypnosis class why is he showing me a picture of him in his in his. Martial.

Arts uniform it's because. So there's. So much of this now in my life they're all to me they're all the same. But a lot of times people don't understand those connections and.

I want you to understand that there's a much deeper um uh field going on here right. So when people look. At all this and they and. I'm giving you guys a little bit of a peak behind the curtain.

So to speak. So people look. At this stuff and they say hey okay. Great.

David what the hell does all this have to do with face reading well or what all these things have in common face reading martial arts it's all about pattern recognition pressure point work all about pattern recognition acupuncture. Oriental medicine it's all about pattern recognition neurolinguistic programming uh applied. Behavior. Theory um face reading all of them are about pattern recognition there are certain repeating patterns that we all have some we are conscious of some we're not each of those patterns has a structure that can be identified and once you can identify the structure once you can identify the pattern you now have the ability to predict what is likely to happen or to influence what is likely to happen how many of you would like to be able to predict what people are are most likely to say and do at any given moment if you think that's a useful skill type that in the chat hello okay.

There we go might be a little yeah right. It being able to predict human behavior is massive it's huge right. If you would like to be able to influence human behavior positively or in other ways type that in the chat all right. So what does pattern recognition have to do with face reading pretty much everything and as you as you guys are chiming in right.

Now everything to do with you because if you want to be able to predict. Behavior. Uh and and you only need to know two things basically what's their pattern what's the context if you know those two things you can reliably predict what they'll do. Next now if you know what they've done in the past plus you know their pattern plus you know the context now it's it's 90 in the high 90th percenti of what they're going to do.

But now that also means because you understand the patterns you can now change those patterns or you can redirect that that behavior to something more useful for you getting your outcome anybody here uh interested in getting their outcome more often type that in the chat if you're interested in getting your outcome uh more often. Perfect all right. So here's my promise to you if you stay until the end of tonight's webinar and the webinar is going to probably go a little long because there's a lot of information that. I want to share with you and like.

I said before you don't have to believe a single thing that. I'm going to. I'm going to teach you tonight all you got to do is is go out and use it right. If you stay until the end of tonight's webinar.

I'm going to share with you the most powerful method for speed reading and profiling personality and behavior that has literally stood the test of time literally 2 over 2,500 years in the. Chinese. Medical. Systems alone.

I'm going to teach you how to understand and profile personality and temperament notice. I did not say character right. How to track and understand a person's trauma history how to look. At somebody's face and literally know oh they're carrying some serious baggage in this particular area or at from this particular age how how to gauge and understand the process of sexual and romantic compatibility would anybody here like to have a more fulfilling romance or for those of you who are more earthy of nature have better sex life anybody here want that it's okay.

I'm not going to tell right. Right. How would you guys like a reli iable system for reading personality and temperament right. That's exactly what we're going to play with tonight and.

Finally. I'm going to teach you how to go from being a um a visitor a tourist. So to speak to becoming a master of reading influencing and understanding people and helping people starting with yourself to become uh the captains of their fate. So to speak right.

To get on your golden path right. So uh let me just make sure that. I haven't left anything out okay. So that's good all right.

So. I am going to jump out of the uh the one note for a moment here and let me just back to my one note that's actually that was actually my. PowerPoint not my one note all right. So let me ask you guys a question what if it were possible now think about let's think about it this way.

I let me paint a picture for you what if you could look. At somebody okay. Right. Look.

At their face right. And know how they make decisions would that be a useful skill okay. Great since. I have a face that we can work with let's start there okay.

So one of the. First things. I want you to understand is when you start to read faces right. You have to divide it into zones okay.

So the. First thing when we look. At a face we want to divide it by depending on what what aspect of a person we're trying to read we want to divide it several ways. So you can divide it from top to bottom you can divide it from right.

To left you can divide it from you can divide it into thirds this way each of those division is going to tell us a different aspect of a person okay. So we're not going to play too much with bottom heavy and topheavy uh because that actually is a little scary for some people right. And it can give people the wrong idea um. But one of the things that bottom heavy and topheavy faces tell us is when you come into your own when you um become famous or become known for something your reputation will it be early in life or.

Later in life right. There's other things and when you come to face reading we have a face reading certification coming up uh in. April and we'll talk more about that for those of you who want to become certified face readers and actually how many of you would like to actually how many of you actually see clients of any kind just. So.

I know. Terry does okay. Boyce does okay. Um what if you could add another income stream to your client work right.

Well when. I when. I when. I do a face reading um my price.

I. I charge what my teacher charged and. Lillian would charge $750 a client to do a face reading and people love it it's better than going to a psychic right. So if for those of you who are looking to add an income stream that will you can use to uh promote your other business.

So. I'm. G to go. I'm going to go out in a.

Lin here. I know because of the my my demographic and my my client avatars a lot of you are hypnotists neural linguistic programmers or coaches uh psychotherapists marriage and family therapists true not true anything that you anything that anybody who sees clients that is not in one of those in in an in a u occupation. I didn't name okay. So here's the thing a lot of times people don't believe that you can do what you say you can do unless you put them in a chair and you blast them right.

But what if you could look. At somebody and start telling them about themsel telling them information about thems their best friends or maybe only their best friends or intimate. Partners or immediate nuclear family no. And start talking to them about their issues do you think maybe that person might start thinking of and becoming more trusting of you as the person who can help them solve those problems you think that might right.

Now if. I were going to do this and. I do this um when people people can sign up and work with me from from a face reading perspective and as when what happens is when we talk about that we're going to talk about all these issues and all of these things that they're going to need to resolve or help resolving and. Then from there if.

I want to do the work or. I feel. I'm qualified to do the work. I can the technical term is upsell or transition them into a therapeutic relationship as opposed to a face reading relationship when.

I'm doing things therapeutic things with people and. I start reading people's faces. I can track um what's going on with them. But.

I can also look. At their face and say. I'm curious about something what happened when you were seven and all of a sudden something they didn't even know was an issue the unconscious mind will unlock it for us and we can take them even further in their therapeutic. Journey right.

Now. I would never do. I would never unpack something without a client's express permission or do an intervention without a client's. Express.

But. I wanted to get for those of you who are looking for ways to to earn earn more money and build your practice and and draw more people into your practice that one of the most powerful tools you can have is face reading because you could do a. Meetup you could go to a bookstore uh any kind of bookstore really and do a little face reading mini seminar and start reading people's faces and have clients signing up to work with you that night. I say that because you know the people who are working in the back the back of the system here they do that.

I go and. I teach a webinar and they they want help and. I. I point them at my associates and they do the work.

So this is a really. I think for you guys as as cool as reading people and being able to do all those things is if you want to level up and actually become a face reader and and help more people with this and and help yourself at the same time this is a great opportunity. So sidebar right. So top and bottom is going to teach us uh when you're going to come into your room.

So to speak. But you can divide people into two or three basic decision making families what do. I mean by that let me show you my. PowerPoint and and we'll jump into this a little bit more has this been useful.

So far type yes. In the chat if it's been useful cool all right. Can. I keep going with this or do you want me to study to talk about something else.

I can talk about cleaning my pool which is weird because. I don't have a pool um all right. Not yet all right. All right.

So uh um share screen [Music] okay. So. First thing we want to look. At um when we when we look.

At faces. I gave you a quick primer on this already. So let me see if. I can make this bigger you know what.

I'm going to come back to this one because. I was talking about decisions and that's what we want to go all right. So you can all see this okay. All right.

So when you look. At a person's face the upper. Zone from the basically the line of the eyebrows to the top of the head is considered what we call the heaven. Zone now unless you study.

Chinese medicine that means nothing means absolutely nothing. But what it does indicate if if you translate that into more of a western perspective it means they're data driven they love abstract thought information and ideas they're very heady people okay. And. So people with a much larger a much larger upper.

Zone that's what they lead with when they move through the world they live from the data side of things um my good friend. Brandon who was also um uh we we went into a pseudo partnership many many years ago uh and he handles a lot of my my tech stuff um whenever. I ask. Brandon a question he if you look.

At his face he's he's basically like me he's got a big old diamond shaped head. I don't have a diamond shaped head. But. I have a big upper.

Zone um every time. I ask him a question he answers me with a spreadsheet right. He loves data he's a programmer and you'll see this. So when you see someone who upper zone is larger than the other two zones you have somebody who wants data.

First they want numbers they want research they want uh proof for lack of a better word right. They want to see it they want to hear they want to be able to hold it in their hands even if if they're tactile or not. But they're data driven. So if you come at somebody and say hey.

I've got this amazing program you're going to love it it's not going to do anything okay. Because the. First question out of their mouth is show me the data show me the proof and. Then.

I'll decide right. My wife is this way um whenever. I whenever. I would talk to her about a study that.

I read she would say show me the report show me the research and. I'll make my own conclusions right. They're very analytical people okay. Data driven right.

Now sometimes you look. At somebody and you'll see that the middle. Zone oops oops. I think.

I just locked up there we go sometimes my computer gets finicky especially when. I start doing any topic that has energy around it and face reading definitely has an energetic all right. Let me give it a minute um yeah. I've my uh my mouse locked up yeah uh let the people downstairs know that uh.

I had to change computers what all right. Guys. I'm sorry my computer uh just locked up. So.

I'm going to have to uh either switch computers or reboot um. So please uh stay with me while we handle this text snafu. U. But in the meantime uh grab a mirror or go go to a mirror and look.

At the space from the your eyebrows to the top of your head and compare that to the other three zones of the face and we'll do that we'll actually do that with my picture here um when we get back to normal functioning o okay. Guys uh. I'm on my backup computer. So give me a moment to figure out why my picture is not showing opin real quick that's well there.

I am yeah. I didn't recognize myself for everyone all right. So um don't mind me if my screen seems to be rocking it's because literally. I'm on an unstable surface as.

I'm reading um. So we're on decision making okay. So like. I said before upper.

Zone on a. Second is all about abstract data creativity thoughts middle zone is all about pragmatism it's all about the results what's this going to do for me how's this going to make my life easier how is this going to take the randomness out of my life they don't care about the data until they know what it's going to do for them okay. And. Then.

Finally your lower. Zone these are the people that are very instinct or emotion or gut driven and what. I mean by that is that they're not interested in the data yet they're not interested in what it's going to do for them they're biggest question is do. I love it do.

I love it right. They're they're. GNA follow their gut they're going to go with their instincts okay. So now one of the challenges that you have when when we explain this model to people is that people think they're either one or the other.

But the truth is you aren't you're all of these the question becomes which one do you do. First recording in progress right. Because we would call that in [Music]. NLP your lead system right.

I think we're ready the switch okay. Hold on. I think we're back to our regularly scheduled [Music] program and you should be online there okay. So just you needs to be visible now.

I am visible well the camera's on what did you do here. I did not hold on a. Second. I know what happened can you stop doing that all right.

There we go. I'm back and look. An old favorite background all right. So let me go ahead and turn my background off.

So that you can see uh some of what. I'm talking about um all right. So can't hear a thing you sure oh you pressed the button on here before no. It was.

I. I unmuted it no. Seth says sound is fine okay. So for those of you um did you guys see the diagram.

I was working with type it in the chat okay. So remember that if you have somebody that is larger here and as you can see from my picture from that angle especially. I have a much higher data zone right. Um.

So. I'm a big investigator. I influence. So.

Sandra saying no. What does that mean. Sandra what are we referring to here sweetie okay. And.

I. Do by the way. I do apologize for those those. Tech neus.

I'm not sure if it's my wonky energy that's doing it if there's something going on with the computer. But. I. I really hate when uh we lose continuity.

So um just. So. I'm. I'm sure that we're all on the we're all tracking the same uh what was the what questions do you have about what we've covered.

So far just type it in the chat it's my magical energy thanks. Nan will the certification be in person only or remote uh we're going to be doing a hybrid certification. So if you can make it we would highly encourage it. But if for some reason you can't make it out to uh to.

San. Diego for the the 3-day uh we will be we will be streaming it. So um. I'd love to have as many of you in the room as possible for that.

So um. So sanjie is asking regarding the top middle and lower part of the face is one born with these yes. And no. Um you remember.

I said earlier that um when you start unpacking a a person's face and there's a marking that's related to a life event or a trauma or a repressed emotion and you successfully. U remove that or or resolve it that marking will change the truth is our faces are changing all the time okay. Um when you come into this world there's a there's a concept in dosm and it's probably also let's say. Asian um.

Asian culture in general especially the. Chinese uh. Japanese. Korean uh systems there's this thing that they call.

Destiny or. Ming in the. Chinese systems. Ming literally means.

Destiny um and basically what that is is your mission in this life what you what you took. On a body um to come here and do right. And we actually have classes on helping people find their life purpose and their life mission. So if you're seeing clients.

I'm sure you've had clients um in your chair or getting into your share saying. I know. I'm supposed to do something with my life. I know it.

I just wish. I knew what that thing was anybody here ever ever experienced that with a client or even have yourself you do it yourself sure right. The the. Dallas systems call that.

Ming your reason for taking on a body and what's really cool about me and. Destiny is that um when you actually get on and the lilan called it the golden path okay. When you get on that golden path it's not that your life is is is free of problems you're always going to have challenges because you're here to grow and evolve as a spiritual being. But what happens is you start living your best life you get younger you get healthier you tend to make more money you have more fun everything about your life becomes progressively more fulfilling and it's through the integration of all these aspects of of things that make your heart sing integrated into a life.

Direction and. So lilan would have these these classes called. Golden path where she would help people using face reading and inventorying your life experiences how to how to identify what that golden path is and help people get on it and. I took.

The range on that and. I started doing my own versions of golden path and people have absolutely loved it and it's transformational will absolutely. I. I ran um.

I just did a weekend class um on finding the love getting the love you want the way you want it and. I used two of the techniques from the golden path class to help people gain tremendous. Clarity on who they were what was important to them what would make them happy what their values were what their boundaries were and and all of a sudden everything about their lives started to fall into place right. And that's what a golden path is about.

Golden path isn't about the right. Job for you or the right. Mate those are parts of a golden path. But a golden path or.

Ming is about a life. Direction. So that's a very long drawn out way to answer uh sanji's question. But.

I needed to put that in there because one of the things that the golden path is about is about what the. DST call getting back to your original face your original face is that spiritual. Soul being that you are before you took. On a body and the.

Dost say that you are never closer to your original face than when you're. First born. So the face of a newborn has tremendous amounts of information about who that person truly is and what their golden path might be um and as we go through the process of growth and socialization and education and all these life experiences our facei starts to change because of those experiences because of the emotions and everything else and. So we tend to move further and further away from that original face.

So much. So uh is that by the and the. DST say that by the time you reach the age of 45 or 50 you've got the face you deserve right. But golden path is a way of reversing that process of moving us back towards that more vibrant joyful grateful uh unconditional self-actualizing best version of our self- state the true reason we came here and.

So um it gets a little bit more spiritual this is a bit more pra what. I would consider a pragmatic class. But the question was about baby faces and. I would if you're going to do face reading um.

I would really recommend that you don't read anybody's face who is below the age of 18 and this is something that. Lillian taught me and it's because this is important because it goes to influence and um the ramifications of when you read somebody's face you start reading their faces the moment you let you get one hit in other words you you find one right. Thing the level of suggestibility that that person has to you grows exponentially they become increasingly more open more suggestible more expectant their focus goes up astronomically and. So anything you say can literally program and become a self-fulfilling prophecy for them.

So when you're reading children read them all you want. But never tell them what you see okay. Don't tell them what you see right. Because you can literally influence them uh in ways that might not be the best for them right.

I'm just putting that this is a this is a powerful tool and. I want you to understand the ramifications of it. So you can make better choices does that make sense if if you're if you if you're if you're kind of tracking where. I'm coming from go ahead and type.

I'm. I'm. I get you. I'm in there uh in the chat um.

I'm. G to try and get my my. YouTube channel back here um no. We never lost you all right.

Hold on a. Second all right. So is this you guys having fun with this is this good stuff all right. Very good okay.

So um let's look. At the this face again just because it's easier. I. I this way.

I don't have to to jump back and forth. So from the eyebrow line to the hairline data driven from the eyebrow line to the bottom of the filtrum right. Where the. Nose meets the upper lip pragmatic from the base of the fil from the top of the filtrum and the base of the nose to the chin line emotional or gut driven okay.

So when. I look. At somebody this is going to tell me what order to present my to do my presentation. So for example let's flip the script on this face let's say that this.

Zone here is the bigger. Zone and. Then this one is number two and this one is number three. I'm going to tell them about how much they're going to love what.

I'm about to show them and. Then. I'm going to tell them all the reasons all the things that will allow them to do and how it will make their life easier and. Then.

I'm going to give them all the data testimonial social proof that validates and supports that that would be a 3 two one face right. What if there're are one two three face well. I'm going to give the look. This is what the studies are showing this is what we've been able this is what it will allow us to do this is the proof this is how it's going to change your life and you're absolutely going to love it okay.

What if this is the big. Zone some in in a diamond shaped face a lot of times um those cheekbones in that middle. Zone will be bigger look. This is going to make your life.

So easy it's going to let you do this and this and this and you'll experience this and this will get. So much easier for you and not only you going to love it here's why right. So in this case it was a 231. So the idea on a more advanced level for you guys is not just which zone is their dominant.

Zone which will get you going in the right. Direction. But remember that everybody has all three. So if you can customize or or reorganize the the sequence of what you're presenting to that person they will make the decision faster and easier now.

Nana is saying my face is equally divided congratulations that means you have a tendency towards indecision yes. Really because what happens is the head battles with the heart right. So when here's here's the hack and this comes from. NLP and.

NLP. Ultra when you want them to make a decision say have you ever made a decision like this before they say yes. I'm curious how did you go about making that decision and listen to the words they use if they talk about well. I was reading a report and.

I saw all the things that it would do for me and. I felt like it was the right. Decision right. Or they say you know.

I. I hasn't this problem is really bugging me and. I knew. I needed to get this fixed because.

I wasn't loving life and. I started looking for ways to solve my problem and. I found. XYZ thing and.

I studied it and. I did the research and. I realized it would handle this this and this and. So.

I get it. I did it. So what you can start to do is you can check the words when they describe a past experience with the zones of the face and structure your presentation that way now. I could do that as a standalone or if.

I'm face reading and. I'm just not sure what that what those. Zone makeup might be the words tend to supersede everything um when we do this okay. Um is this helpful does this is this something you can use yes.

Or yes. 100% right. On okay. So um.

I do apologize like. I said. I do apologize for the um the little text nefu. So we're a little bit behind is it okay.

Okay. If if maybe we go a little bit longer than than what we would plan tonight is that okay. Okay. Cool.

So what if it were possible to look. At somebody's face and diagnose and. I'm going to use that word because. I'm a doctor and.

I can uh diagnose their emotional health what if we could look. At somebody and profile uh not only their personality and temperament. But what kinds of emotions they've been stuffing and repressing that are making them sick or unhappy would that would that be a useful tool yes. Or yes.

Okay. Um you know what for those for people who are like in. Europe and need to jump off or whatever. Mia why don't you go ahead and give them the uh the special package we have for people who stay to the end of the webinar just because we don't want them to miss out um all right.

So what we're going to do. Next is. I want to talk about something that is kind of in alignment with decision strategies right. But is also in alignment with why you are here today uh this is called the emotional bonding checklist this is something that um is a a very powerful way of understanding what emotionally drives another human being.

I use uh. Nan says. I need help with my discernment oh you'll definitely get that man for sure um how many of you here when you signed on to the webinar had something very specific that you wanted to uh be able to do as a byproduct from tonight's webinar type in in the chat what you wanted uh what you wanted to get to take from that certification info okay. Uh want to read my clients excellent don't be bashful this is this is a very important piece of tonight's webinar had a clear lines okay.

You know what. Eddie our. Ed. I will in fact how to clear lines.

I will actually save that for part three of tonight's webinar which is um com up after part two of tonight's webinar don't want to be taken advantage of anymore okay. Come on. I know there's more of you in the chat show me show me what you're working with read my clients better help them faster okay. I know.

Terry you're pretty dangerous already improve. Communications and sales okay. Very good all right. So when you think about that outcome imagine stop for moment and think about having that and what it's doing for you and.

Then ask yourself what's important about that what's important about that if you could read your clients and help um have decided if a person will make a good client oh. Kurt we have a process for you you're gonna love uh. Kathy. Simpson looking to hear the truth okay.

So you're more interested in being able to discern truth from lies. I'll put that in part three of tonight's webinar too okay. It's going to take a little bit more discernment if you're going to do it from a face reading perspective and says. I'd feel more empowered right.

On perfect all right. So here's what. I'd like to do um. I'd like to talk to you a little bit about emotions in the face.

I want to start that process. I'll go in for the. First. I.

I'll teach you the. First five or six traits and. Then if it's okay. For you.

I made you a promise at the beginning of the webinar and. I want to stay uh as close to the time as. I promised even though. I know we're going to go over what.

I'd like to do is. I'd like to start showing you how to map out the emotions on the face. So you can start using that. Then what.

I'd like you to do is. I'd like to do is. I'd like to take a little bit of time and show you a program we've put together that not only includes everything that we're talking about. But takes you even further down the face reading and human being profiling.

Rabbit. Hole would that be okay. Is it okay. To do that type it in the chat s you says yes.

Sandra says yes. Naan man says yes. Terry's yes. About our.

YouTube faman you guys good if. I'm still awake. I would love it perfect well. I'll do my best to make it.

Dynamic for you okay. So um let's talk about the facial map really quick and this is one of my favorite. Maps one of the problems with um systems a lot of times is that you look. At something and everybody expects you to start at the be you know at the at the foundations and the fundamentals and.

Then figure out how to make it useful a lot of people who go to. NLP training especially classical. NLP um. I'm.

I absolutely am in love with. NLP or or or what. NLP should be. But.

I've also been very vocal and very critical many times about the way classical. NLP is taught and that's why we created. NLP. Ultra which is as uh to steal a line from.

Richard my hallucination about what. NLP should be and how it should be you how we should be using it uh to make it more user friendly. But one of the problems with classical. NLP is there's a massive amount of data and nobody really tells you uh if you think of.

NLP like a buffet. But nothing's labeled. So you don't know what's a dessert what's an entree what's an appetizer what's a garnish what's nutritious what's not uh you kind of have to figure it out and a lot of times when people go through a classical. NLP training they come out with all this amazing information that they can't actually use and that's a shame and.

So they feel like they're the failure like. But actually what happened is the system failed them in my opinion and. So when. I started looking at face reading it was a lot of it in a lot of ways was you had to have a a real strong background in.

Chinese medicine you had to understand energetics. Five. Element. Theory and.

I was like this is not using user friendly to the average person and the question for me became how do. I change that what is immediately useful. So the maps that. I'm sharing with you right.

Now uh became the foundation for what. I consider to be modern face reading which you don't need to know anything about. Chinese medicine you don't need to know anything about energetics although we're going to teach you energetics you just need to know what to look. For and what what it means.

So this was the the probably the single most useful map that. I came across in all the many maps that that. Lilian shared with us um and this is the emotional map of the face. So the.

First thing remember. I talked about at the beginning of our webinar is that you can divide the face depending on what kind of information you're looking for you can divide the face in all kinds of different ways right. You can go bottom half versus top half you can go into thirds you can go right. Side versus left side and each of those will give you different information when you read the emotional map of the face it's most useful to think of it like a clock face or 12 o'clock is here six o'clock is here and we just go around okay.

Now one of the things we're looking for when we we look. At the face is we're looking for symmetry symmetry or asymmetry if if markings on one side of the face are heavier they are more dominant if the markings are lighter they are less dominant. So for example if. I'm looking at person's sadness lines here which is one of the.

First five we're going to talk about and. I see that the lines on this side of the face are deeper than the lines on this side of the face. Then. I know that in this person's uh public.

Persona because this is this is oh we just locked up again my apologies folks moss moss hold on a. Second folks. I'm switching computers yet again again yes. It happened again and you were nowhere around um you're still broadcasting that's.

I'm aware uh let's see here uh can you guys hear me. I can't tell if. I can hear you okay. Let me see here yeah.

I'm gon to take this upstairs and finish on that we may have to do a replay of this webinar guys just. So you got just. So you guys can uh not have a broken up version. I do apologize for this this is unusual okay.

Okay. Why is my camera not working you want me to wear this one into that. So that you have your hold on a. Second hold on a.

Second guys yeah hold on a. Second guys um can't the camera right. Here yes. Here me [Music] sharing there we go go all right.

Sorry about that again folks we're gonna. I'm just going to finish the webinar on this computer um and hope that uh well the problem is is. I. I can't go through the offer because of.

PowerPoint being on the other computer. But. Anyway all right. So let me see what's going on here into here you guys are.

Troopers for hanging out for for bearing with us on this okay. You have your um keyboard and mouse you can pug this and you can use them from normal transfer. PowerPoint yep it just need you to over here dated today cool. So let me change cameras and here we go again folks all right.

So uh let's see here uh. Virginia says. I wear a headscarf that covers my hairline ears parts of my cheek and jawline and neck would that make it hard for professional face reader to. Accurate testing um yes.

Uh primarily because most of your features are covered. I could still. I could still profile um. I could.

Prof profile your ey your eyebrow bone your eyebrows. I could profile the inner and outer can thigh of your eyes. I could look. At the size shape and depth of your eye sockets.

I could look. At the depth and the energy or the the light that emits from your temples and. I could still give you a uh a basic profile based on that information that was what was cool um during uh during. Co when everybody was masking up the way we reorganized the face feeding system um.

First part of face reading face reading part one is from the no. From the uh from the nose up face reading part two is from the nose down which we released after. Co. So it was easy for people who were wearing them we could still profile people who this is as much as we could see.

So really really easy. So whenever we're doing face reading and the important thing to remember is that you you you use what's available right. And like. I said there's.

So much data in the face reading systems that we had to reorganize it we had to simplify it. So people could enter into it in a way that was practical for them okay. Um. So um let me go back to my facial map my emotional map of the face cck on now.

I just got to find my power point no. It's all right. Um pardon don't don't mind me guys. I'm just trying to find uh my emotional map which is somehow missing from my face reading from this from this one note all right.

Let me go ahead and share my screen we'll try this again all right. Can you guys see the um let me go ahead and can you guys see the the facial map type that in the chat if you can see it go okay. Good all right. So.

So the. First the. First emotion that we're going to look. At is called skepticism or the trait we're going to look.

At is called skepticism skepticism can be seen as a line just above the eye that starts at about the center of the eybrow and tracks towards the outer surface of the eye now one of the things that people often misunderstand when they look. At this map is they think that because a trait only shows up on one side that that's the only place you can be that's not the case you can have skepticism lines on one side or both okay. So the vast majority of these traits are bilateral no. They can have it on the right.

Side they can have it on the left side and they usually do. But what you'll notice a lot is that one side will be deeper or stronger many times than the other. So when someone is showing us the right. Side of their face this is their public face in other words this is who they want you to think they are when someone is is marking on the left side of their face this is their private.

Persona this is who they truly are when nobody's looking when um they're among their closest deepest most intimate friends right. These are the things they won't don't want anybody really to know. So if you see someone who's marking more here on their private side than on their public side that means there's a lot more emotional stuff happening in that aspect of their life right. Now when you come to face reading in in.

April um we'll go way deep into this side of things. But. I just wanted to give you a really quick primer on that. So the.

First the. First trait we're going to look. For is skepticism now when you see a trait in somebody the. First thing.

I want you to understand is that uh you don't want to walk up to somebody and say oh that line on your face means you're a skeptical probably not the best approach right. So. Terry is asking is private. Persona on their left side um yeah think of it like if they were raising their right.

Hand right. Hand side their right. Hand side is their public face they're raising their left hand and. I know my image is reversed they're raising their left hand left hand side their left hand side is their private face right.

I did. I. I. I reversed it here on the screen.

So you could see it how it would actually look. I guess if that makes any kind of sense okay. So if you have any doubt just have them raise their right. Hand and you'll know exactly what you're working with okay.

Okay. Um. So when we look. At.

So one of the things we want to be be very very clear on is that not just being able to identify the trait we also want to be able to discuss the trait without pissing them off or making somebody feel violated or self-conscious or attacked. So one of the things. Lillian loved to do when she would uh profile or read somebody's face that she would say oh you have a beautiful brow bone it's very strong. I noticed that there's this line right.

About the center of your eyebrow that kind of tracks this way and in most people that indicate someone who's a little bit more on the skeptical side they they tend to not take anything at face value they don't believe anything really necessarily without proof or until they see it they can be open-minded. But they want to see the the evidence would that would that describe you right. And 99.99% of the time they'd say yes. Right.

As opposed to to somebody who's a little bit more from the bludgeon them over the head with realities to go and say you're a skeptical aren't you right. Even if it's true the react the invasive reactant judgy nature of that expression is going to trigger reactants in the person. So we want to create an an uh an energy and a and a context or a feeling of safety and an an ability to be open and vulnerable. So the person will actually be truthfully now if you've gotten the.

Deep level of. Rapport and somebody's. Behavior changes like that where they suddenly become aloof and uh defensive or the eyes. Shrinker get analytical uh and we'll talk about getting.

Analytical in a moment um that that could be one of the. First indications that this person is either very uncomfortable doesn't want to tell you the information or and and or is getting ready to lie right. Well there been there oh. Natalie says been there done that forgot about softeners and building.

Rapport yeah. Rapport is. Big right. Especially with this this this has such an unprecedented ability to give you the to to to allow you to exert influence on people.

I can't even begin to to describe what it can do um when used effectively um. But again the ability to help people is is is where it starts okay. Um. So let's go back to our map okay.

There we go okay. Good. So the. Next the.

Next characteristic. I want us to look. At and again it's at the one o00 position on the facial map this is joy joy can be seen by little tiny. Crow feet that start at the outer edge of the eye we call that the outer canthus and they just track up the side of the face towards the temple and they usually end right.

At or around the edge of the eyebrow now here's something. I want. I'm going to jump to the other side of the face because this is something. I want you to be um a little bit more aware of when you're looking at potentially problematic personalities this this is healthy this is someone who's experienced a fair amount of joy and happiness in their life certain level of exuberance for lack of a better word.

But if you go directly across here's an example of what we would call pathological joint and you'll notice that the line starts at the outer edge of the canthus and. Then it keeps going see how it tracks up past the edge of the eyebrow when we see this marking on somebody we want to start treading carefully and here's what. I mean because the technical term for this is. Mania or hyperactivity this is what we call excessive hold on let me type that in there let me to type it over here excessive or pathological joint what does that mean well manic depressive bipolar um these people are sometimes up in the up at 3 o'clock in the morning texting um they tend to be a little bit more on the volatile side they have a tendency towards um tremendously long bouts of going without sleep or huge bouts of creativity followed by crashing and burning these people are largely um either always on until they burn out or they're always on and.

Then they crash and they're always on. Then they crash. So these people can be very very um chaotic. So you got to be very careful.

So your borderline personalities soers your skitso personalities um this is something that if you see this marking it doesn't mean they're crazy it does mean though that they are prone to uh bouts of mania of some kind sometimes that's megalomania sometimes uh it could be you could think of it like an. OCD. But it's more like an add type of an energy. But these people often are very very creative uh during those manic phases they can also be hypersexual um.

So. So those are the. First two on our on our training today any questions on that you get my uh you get my chats any questions. So uh.

Natalie's asking how do you distinguish between age and extra line and fo um well that's a really great question and it's really interesting because what. Lillian taught me was that most aging is a result of emotional toxicity and as you start to unpack and attack and dissolve the emotional toxicity a lot of these lines will start to go away they'll start to look. Younger and younger and younger um yes. An extra line.

So the line will start it will start at the outer can eye and it'll it'll go past the eyebrow right. I could show you pictures of a of of a certain political candidate. U that has these markings. But.

I don't want to provoke anybody what other indications are there to show emotion instability there's something we call. Shen disturbances and there's all kinds of um which is another aspect of of the. Chinese medicine. But.

Shen refers to the heart and the mind. So anytime there's a disharmony between the heart and the mind you will see it in the eyes. And you will see it in the energy that coming beneath the skin would the. Mania trait show up in sociopaths not necessarily not necessarily um.

But behaviorally um you will tend to you will start to see a little bit more similar behaviors sociopaths tend to be sensation seeking. Personalities in other words they have they tend to have low impulse control uh and they're always looking for a rush. So in that respect they can behave very very similar to somebody with a manic or a manate type of uh trait uh the problem with with sociopaths is that they don't feel emotions the same exactly the same way that the average human being does and. So they may not.

Mark exactly the same way you would look. For sociopathy a little bit differently uh in face reading than you would emotional through the emotion you could do it technically through the emotional map. But the problem is is that a lot of their emotions don't match up. So when you look.

At when you're looking for psychopathy or sociopathy what you're actually looking for is the the the eyes. Um people with um what we call. Shen and again we can talk about that in part three of the webinar. But.

I. I promised you. I'll go through at least five four or five traits um before we talked about the certification that's coming up and and other things that you can do okay. So um let me just make sure that.

I've got like. I said. I switched to computers. So.

I'm really just kind of running around trying to make sure that um. I have access to all of my information right. Um and and for you. YouTubers out there who kind of got cut off when.

I switched computers. I apologize um one. Second. I'm just trying to find my.

PowerPoint um let's go back to the facial map yes. Sh my screen okay. So the. Next trait that we're going to look.

At is called sadness obviously and. So we look. At sadness you're. Shar the screen just you're sharing the whole screen which is just the one.

So you guys can see the screen up there right. All right. Your. M for a.

Second. I'll get this up for you. So we look. At sadness we're looking at a line that.

Curves in the outer can thigh and going down sadness comes in three varieties you need to see how these lines come down and they should either short middle or long when you see these lines what you're seeing is the depth the intensity. But also the age of the griefs the sadness or sorrow. So if someone who's had a lot of sadness in their life you'll see little short lines stuff they're still working on if there's stuff that they're in denial about if there's stuff that they're repressing you'll see that line start to grow longer and to begin to creep down through the cheekbone if the grief is very very old denied and repressed you will see that line begin to travel all the way down almost to the jaw okay. So what you're seeing here are degrees and age of emotion now what's important about this for you guys especially if you see clients for health issues that energy runs through an area of the face connected to the lung and.

So many times when somebody has sadness or sorrow or grief they will present to the medical the medical community as someone with asthma allergies uh. COPD empyema um thank um those kinds of illnesses if you have a client for those of you who are therapists uh who are not dealing with medical issues if you have a client that presents at your clinic and you see these lines um good chance when you when you start going through your therapy um they're going to start exhibiting lung symptoms you see and they'll start to choke or cough or wee why because that energy gravitates to the lung and as you start to process it they'll start generating lung symptoms they're not. AB reacting in other words you're not doing anything bad when you see that or you hear that happening what's actually happening is a purging of the the toxified emotion in your system. So when you see it on the face and you unpack it at this level lung symptoms could emerge don't freak out flip it around if you're a medical person dealing with the lung issues don't be surprised if they start crying if they if they're breathing their breathing sequence changes because as they as you start to work on the physiological side of it it will provoke the emotions to the body wants to purge that right.

And if you're someone whose scope of practice doesn't include the psycho emotional. Then you should probably refer them to somebody who can help them process the emotion connected to that conversely if you're someone whose scope of practice doesn't include the medical side you might want to consider refer ref ing them to someone who can help them cleanse those tissues you can do it in you know through the by dealing with the emotional side. I found the emotional side of things tends to be the most um rapid way to fix a problem the most direct way of the problem is usually through the emotional and spiritual bodies okay. But some of us don't have that training and.

So if if you don't you got to refer out okay. If you have family members who have a lot of chronic lung issues chances are you're looking at some form of generational trauma okay. So it become you'll start to see how all of these things start to dovetail a little bit okay. So the that's the the.

Next three uh energies that. I wanted to talk about which is grief our sadness uh sadness sorrow and grief there's one more um there's one more aspect of sadness grief uh and sorrow that. I want to talk about and we call that lost loves. So the final line.

I know. I said. I was going to talk about five. But.

I'm actually going to talk about six um and that and that goes that can be seen here you look. At somebody's face and you see a line that comes from the inner. Cana and it starts to track down through this area. I've seen this.

I've seen this trait emerg two different ways. I've seen it come directly from the inner corner of the eye and track down the face. I've also seen it start at the inner canis of the eye track across and. Then come down both of those are indications of loss loss of something important loss of love now let me explain uh kind of what oh did you guys was.

I not sharing my screen for that oops okay. So um okay. Can you see me now okay. Good.

So the line. I was just talking about starts here at the inner canai and and instead of going this way it tracks almost like a waterfall down this way now. I've seen this line. Lillian called these lost love lines um she also called them personal lost lines now.

I need to. I need to distinguish this particular line from these when you see this line and. I've seen it manifest in two ways. I've seen it manifest just like you see here.

But. I've also seen it manifest in a line that tracks across and. Then down to me they mean the same thing it just means that there's more it's it's more immediate if it comes across there's more grieving going on. So when you see this kind of a line what actually happened in this person's life was they experienced the loss of something that was a part of their golden pth it was part of their identity part of their reason for coming into this world.

So the example that. I often use is that uh say for example when you were when you were young you went to a on a pony ride one day and the moment you laid eyes. On that horse you fell in love it was like there was a part of you that just opened up grabbed a hold of that that experience and from. Then on all you did was think eat drink sleep about horses you had a horse you had pictures of horses everything was about riding and becoming a master equestrian or whatever right.

And. Then years. Later for some reason could be any reason um you have an accident which you can no. Longer ride horses um you develop a terrible allergy that horses no.

Longer you can no. Longer be around horses which would be weird in itself or perhaps as is sometimes the case the family moves away you have to give up the horses or you meet someone somebody that you fall in love with that you decide is going to be a life partner or something and for some reason they want you to give up or they pull you away from the horses any of those could could cause this. But what happens is when you give up or you lose access to that activity not necessarily a person. But an activity or a.

Pastime or something that brings you immense joy that opens up your heart you will mark from here and it will start to do this and part of your mission those of you who are therapists this is something you want to start if you see this line this person lost something that is part of who they are and they need to get it back. So part of your job helping them to process that loss and finding a way to reclaim or recover their ability to participate or be with that thing okay. We call that a lost love um and. I see it a lot.

But. I've seen it manifest two ways. I've seen it manifest in a line that comes straight down or the one that cuts across and. Then comes down.

But one of the things they all have in common whether it's sadness or or sorrow or grief or lost love they all cut through the lung area of the face right. This area right. In here right. And.

So when you see that don't be surprised if they've got lung issues and vice versa it's a feedback okay. Questions on those would now be a good time to ask those questions all right. So. Then with your permission um.

I asked before if. I could share some some programs we've got coming up for you. I'd like to go ahead and take a moment or a few moments and go through that if. I could and.

Then when we when we're done with that we're going to circle back um to the other side of the webinar part three we'll pick up with the emotional map. So uh m cornelus is asking those lines of lost love or. So do they have impact on their character they can for certain if the person experiences the loss. Then there are a bunch of different directions that their character could go and we uh remind me again about we asked that question when we get to uh the lines of disappointment bitterness and over nurturing on the face um because they can absolutely trigger other lines in the face depending on which direction a person's character um expresses itself.

So without further. Ado with your permission if. I have it um. I would very much like to share with you um the program we've put together and give you guys an opportunity to actually become face readers and and learn how to profile people and do all kinds of cool stuff would that be cool excellent all right.

So without further. Ado let's focus on the face reading for. Fun and. Profit home study course now can you guys see the can you guys see the.

PowerPoint that says face reading for. Fun and. Profit home study course. I need to make sure because this is a little wonky all right.

So what's this really about well the face reading for. Fun and. Profit how to read anyone instantly home study course is really all about helping you take your life to the. Next level it's about understanding yourself better it's about being able to read people instantly in any context in any situation at whatever level that you decide to uh profile in them whether it's a a physical health level a lifestyling constitution level and emotional level a personality and temperament level and.

So that you can begin to predict behavior and and recognize patterns. So that you can help more people and as a byproduct of this you're going to find yourself becoming absolutely more confident in all of your interactions you'll be more confident in dealing with people on a day-to-day basis because you'll be able to look. At them and know in a very very powerful very very clear way who you're dealing with and what they're most likely to do in a given situation and that allows us to make better decisions which can lead to more powerful effective uh track on becoming the best you ultimately we're looking for ways to win the game of life and in more ways than it isn't it is a game ultimately as a byproduct of this you're going to become more. Charming charismatic and irresistible able to get your outcome uh any way anytime anywhere for any reason because you'll understand most people better than they understand themselves and that's a tremendous tremendous power to have now everything that we're going to talk about is good until tonight at 11: 59 p.m.

March 11th 2024 and. So we're going to start you off with our secrets of face reading home study course it's a $1,997 value and this is a program that again we prefer you do it live. But we we realize that some people traveling is difficult and before. I go any further can people see is that better sorry no.

Problem my bad. So one of the. First things we're going to do is we're going to teach you in a very scientific very simple easy to follow and understand way how to look. At a face and profile it from hairline to chin line.

So that you can develop a personality profile of another human being in as little as 90 seconds we'll actually drill you on this and. Then. Show. You by testing you during the actual training that it's possible to do this.

U people have tested me all the time we go out to dinner and one of the people at dinner would say hey see that waiter profile his face when he com comes over and. I would come over and. I would just from hairline to chin line and boom and. I'd be dead on every time right.

Powerful powerful stuff lots of fun at parties makes people hyper responsive um and. Hyper um attracted to you which is another superow. I have you're going to have the ability to assess personality temperament very very quickly you'll be able to understand just thinking and decision-making. Styles how to unlock and release and process their emotional traumas and if you're not trained to release it you'll at least know who to refer to.

So that they can get that stuff handled you'll begin to understand people's personal management style. So that when you are going to work as part of a team or put a team together um or you're coming and you have a new boss you can look. At their face okay. This person is not someone that uh this person is gonna be like a micromanager this person's going to be a hands-off this person's not going to be much of a team player this one wants will be a team player as long as they get to lead the team this person wants to work alone all these different things you'll start to be able to put together very very quickly you'll be able to look.

At somebody's face and determine in a very very simple way how sexually and romantically compatible they are with you if you're doing this with clients you can look. At a couple coming in male or female gender doesn't really matter and know if these people are going to be compatible based on their facial features uh it's really really cool and it's really really consistent in fact if you get lilian's book. Um you'll she shows you right. Up front the morphing process that happens uh when two people are married and and partners for a very very long period of time uh it's amazing how predictable these changes are and and what you can predict from it we'll teach you how to use this to connect with people far more powerfully.

I have students that took. Face reading from me that now have over 250,000. Tik. Tock viewers in fact.

I have at least three or four of them that are in the 200,000 plus range uh just doing face reading on. Tik. Tok. They learned it from me right.

Maybe. I should take a hint from them. But. Anyway um they never got my cut.

But that's all right. Um if you'd like to be able to have a tool for understanding yourself on a day-to-day basis better and better and better and watching your own face change as you be become a better and better version of yourself that's what this is going to do for you right. Predicting human behavior being able to anticipate patterns and knowing what to do. Next is one of the superpowers of being a face reader will give you and as.

I told you before when people know you're a face reader you without this face reading skill you will become the most fascinating person in the room and if you're someone who's looking to be able to protect yourself from the narcissists and the sociopaths of the world uh this is probably one of the most important tools that you can have um because this will tell you who they are on a long-term basis not a short-term episodic basis and. I think that's a really important distinction to make. So the total value on this is uh [Music] $1,997 we're also going to include if you grab your course today we're going to include these special bonuses to help you flesh out and round out your training that you can do from home. First and foremost you heard me mention this at the beginning of the webinar this is our defense against the dark arts speed profiling influence and counter manipulation home study course this is literally ranked the number one.

NLP course in the world it's a $1,997 value and in this course you're going to get some amazing stuff you're going to get 16 videos that teach you. First and foremost the universal persuasion protocol a simple step-by-step formula that can allow you to uh control your state get. Rapport use your language skills manage the states of whoever you want link to their emotions and have them pretty much doing whatever you want them to do in the shortest amount of time possible from there you're going to learn how to profile we're going to start you with how to think like a master influencer how do people who are experts at persuasion positively or negatively how do they think what's their thought process what are the thinking strategies that they use what belief systems do they have in place that allow them to be effective this is a this particular module is a $297 value it's it's where you start because you got to think like an influencer and a profiler if you want to use these skills thinking like an average every person who's responding to their emotional drivers uh will get you manipulated thinking like a master. INF influencer will allow you to take control of those emotions and use them as the tools they are to make your life better and to keep yourself safe we're gonna and along those lines we're going to teach you step by step how to control your own psycho emotional state.

So no. One else can do it against your will ever again remember anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control if you don't understand how emotions are made how they're managed in the body through your physiology and your willpower you will be at the mercy of whoever can get you can get your attention. So the idea behind this is to teach you how to go into and out of any emotional state on demand at will in any order and sequence and the byproduct of that training is that no. One will't be able to push your buttons or take you by surprise for more than a.

Second ever again you will gain. So much control over your own mind and body that nobody will be able to to manipulate you to the same degree ever again you don't have to take my word for it just get the course do the training and you'll be amazed at what you can do with that. But what if you can also take that emotional muscle that you're building and use it to create such intense rapport with people that you can connect with anyone anytime anywhere before you even talk to them before they even make eye contact with you their neurology can actually be in a deep state of rapport with you and what if think about this what if once that. Rapport connection is made by shifting your own emotional state you could cause that person's body to experience those feelings and as a byproduct of.

Shifting those feelings their. Consciousness and their perceptual filters change. So they automatically become predisposed to liking trusting and following your lead that's what. Power report skills are all about it's not just about getting a frequency that allows you to connect with a person it's about generating an emotional amplitude and a level of information transfer between your system and somebody else's that allows you to understand in a very powerful way what's going on in that human being's mind and body body.

So that you can manage their patterns or you can prime them to behave and think a certain way before you've even made eye contact or talk to them that's a $297 value. But. I think you can see what you what's possible with that training now what if we could teach you a few simple magic spells that would allow you to instantly make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener your subject your customer your client what if we could teach you another magic spell that would allow you to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your subject even if those things had absolutely nothing to do with each other what if we could teach you a simple language pattern that would allow you to direct somebody's focus of attention and cause things to happen automatically in their unconscious mind without them even consciously realizing it's happening what if you could take uh a simple language pattern and use it to make the the movies people make in their mind anything you want exactly the way you want without the possibility of failure okay. That's what we teach you.

Next the irresistible hypnotic language patterns each one of those allows you to do one or more of those things that. I've just talked about these are the patterns that are the truly the most powerful language patterns that exist why is that. So is because they're directly connected to the filters in your brain that control your perception of reality and the structure of your thoughts that's why when we listen to people speaking we can tell as a neural linguistic programmer how they're building their thoughts because there's a onetoone correlation and when we speak to people in these patterns they're brains behave in very predictable ways now this is extraordinarily powerful and it's something you need to know because there's people and agencies out there with a vested interest in using these patterns on you. So not only will you become irresistibly charismatic and influential you will also be able to detect when other people are using these things on you we call it seeing and hearing the.

Matrix what if you have the ability to actually tap into a person's emot. State and take them from one state to another to another to another automatically and cause them to behave in exactly the way you want we'll teach you how to hack somebody's internal. Behavior code and it's similar to the process is kind of similar to how we look. At someone's decision strategy only we're using different cortexes of the brain rather than and language rather than looking at a face okay.

What if we could teach you how to. So powerfully. Bond a person's emotions to what you offer that the idea of not doing it caused physically caused them pain and you could do this in a completely ethical and honest way what how would your life change if you had these abilities because that's just where we're going to start with defense against the dark arts and. I think as you're as you're listening to what.

I'm saying and you're you're understanding this in your head why this particular program was named the number one. MLP course in the world because of what it allows you to do in a very easy simple systematic step-by-step way. So. But we're not done yet there's more to this program we're going to teach you also speed profiling.

Secrets we're going to teach you the master keys for how to read anyone's. Behavior instantly now face reading is all about long-term use of the facial muscles. But there's another side to that called micro. Expressions we're going to teach you about micro.

Expressions these are tiny facial changes that happen in the moment when somebody's lying when somebody um being defensive or trying to uh um deflect and all these other things it'll teach you how to spot the emotions they're repressing. So that you can make decisions as to what to do. Next we call that active profiling face reading is passive profiling it's all about personality and temperament micro expressions are active profiling it's all about what are the emotions a person is trying to manage and conceal in the moment and that includes are they going to lie to you or are they more likely to lie to you and that's where fundamentals of lie detection comes in we'll talk about um baselines and clustering and data points and the 15 most common indicators that someone may be lying to you will teach you about um we call combat um we call it body language juristic rules of thumb that military profilers use when they're searching for terrorists that let them know if somebody's most likely not the good guy they po ending to be we're going to teach it's all included uh as part of this training. Then we're going to take it even further and teach you what we call the flag system this is how to spot and profile narcissists sociopaths machiavellians dark.

Triads and other forms of persuasion a-holes right. These are the people who are gonna you know do bad things to your kids people who are going to try to draw your daughter into some form of human trafficking someone who's going to try and swindle you out of your retirement there are ways that we can begin to spot behavioral tells and. Then there's a system we apply to check up on these people it's called. Flags it's based on the work of.

Dr. Wendy. Patrick and flag stands for. Focus lifestyle.

Association groups um and. Then we'll teach you how to actually follow up on those behavioral red flags and the things to watch out for that would cause you to actually not act on the red flags that you're spotted okay. I'm going to take you teach you a deep dive into what we call predatory psychology there is a specific mindset and a certain set of defense mechanisms and reframe patterns um that uh character. Disturbed and predatory individuals sociopaths dark.

Triads mackans uh grandios narcissists um these types of people use to con consistently evade the consequences of their actions and shift the blame onto other people there's at least 21 different red flags that can come up during a conversation that will give you a hint that the person in front of you is not the good guy or girl they're pretending to be okay. Very very powerful stuff and you'll get to actually roleplay some of these things. So you can actually begin to understand what both sides of that equation feel like. So you have a better way of.

Defending yourself against it. Finally we're going to teach you some of those powerful hypnotic reframing techniques for winning arguments and keeping yourself from being gaslighted this goes this part here goes hand inand with the predatory psychology and the 21 conversational red flags of narcissist and sociopaths because many of these conversational red flags and defense mechanisms are reframe patterns in and of themselves and. So if you understand how refraining works the thought process that goes into it you can counter the counter. So every time you call somebody on something and they try to weasel their way out of it you'll have at least 14 different ways to turn the table on that bad guy or bad girl okay.

We'll teach you. I think. I just mentioned micro expressions and subtle cues and plus there are many more other bonus chapters on psychological tactics and influence that we are included in the manual. So we include the actual killer influence manual in this as well total value in this is um $1,997 if you combine that with the face reading.

Secrets level one which is the. I just talked about uh total combined value is $3,995. Next we're going to show you. I'm going to show you um this is again for those of you who are therapists for those of you who want to use face reading as an income stream uh or as a way to leverage into your therapeutic practice we're going to include the identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study course this is one of the most powerful hypnosis programs ever created it will take you from zero to hypnotic hero in the shortest amount of time possible if you follow the training protocol in this program you will gain the ability within less than five days to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere for any reason under any circumstance there are really two or three people um on this webinar right. Now who went through this training back in 201 2018 2019 that did full-blown hypnotherapy hypnosis interventions on people on subjects in the lobby of a hotel undergoing renovation behind. Next to a curtain behind which was a jackhammer in full operation in other words that. Jackhammer was pounding away and they were doing full-blown trance on people with zero problems right.

You learn instant and. Rapid inductions how to hypnotize people anytime anywhere under any reason how to remove blocks and liming beliefs that people didn't even know they had how to remove blocks that go away and come back how to resolve uh secondary gain and and other reasons that people have for not letting go of problems we're going to teach you how to clear up those issues that just don't seem to go away we're going to show you how to install the the traits qualities and characteristics of of positive driver. States we call which is you know playfulness curiosity relentlessness these are things that will cause you to move forward. But in a positive.

Joyful. Way instead of going around in the drone zone or being depressed or or angry all the time will give you a different set of. States and how to build states that you can move through the world in as a matter of choice rather than by just default programming. Then we're going to teach you how to remove that crappy voice inside your head.

So that instead of tearing you down and giving you all the reasons why you shouldn't try something or do something it's going to be your personal cheerleader coach mentor and protector giving you all the reasons why you can succeed and why you should go for it okay. This is one of the most single most powerful interventions that. I've ever witnessed in in room after room after room with clients you know. I teach this for people to use in other people.

But you have to go through experience and every time we do this with people there isn't a dry eye in the room. U because the change is. So deep. So profound um and we're gonna again this is part of your training you'll be able to do this and experience it for yourself.

Finally we're going to teach you to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people you want to be more like people whose skill sets you admire people who have an ability or an understanding of something that or a personality attribute that you think would improve your life we're going to show you how to install those in yourself. First and. Then into the minds and bodies of your clients. So that they can have the results they want and become the best version of themselves and.

So much more one of which would be the the simple 30 minute uh intake process and screening process that we use that has a 99.9% conversion rate um and guarantees that you will only work with clients who are not going to waste your time okay. Remember that you're a you're a. Healer you're a therapist you're a coach you're a mentor and. So there has to be value on both sides of that equation you have no.

Business taking on a client that has a low probability of success with your program anymore than you want to work with a client who is going to waste your valuable time and energy when you could be seeing clients that are going to actually do what you want them to do and be more compliant this is a real big big factor because when when. I talk to my students who are out being paid to do therapy and stuff like that and they come to me with a problem client the. First thing. I asked them is did you do your intake the way.

I taught you and the. First words that no. I didn't. I needed the money or.

I thought. I. I. I thought.

I thought they were going to be a good subject and. I just took. Them and now because here's the thing if you you're not obligated to take any client ever. But if you accept somebody as a client.

Then in my world you are 100% obligated to do whatever it takes to help that client get the outcome until you've exhausted all your resources. So that decision about whether to take a client or not needs to be based on how compliant they are to the instructions that you're giving them because none of the good you have to to offer happens until the client does what you say and there is a certain percentage of the population that are happy with their stuff because they've identified it and they just want to prove they can't be helped you need to identify those people from the ones who are really ready to change. So that you can both of you get what you want from that relationship. So $1,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want you to have all the tools to handle whatever comes up because when you start reading faces people might start processing and if they start processing you should probably know what to do about that and that's why we're including this in the program it's a total combined value was $5,499.

But we have more we're also going to include uh another program this one is not on face reading this is on body language we call this uh people reading for. Fun and. Profit it's a body language sequence program and it's very very similar um in terms of what it's going to do for you we just going to do it now through body language rather than facial cues uh traits or attributes we're going to teach you how to understand the body language of. Attraction there are five distinct phases of attraction that people go through when they go from stranger to intimacy each of those has its own name it's been well researched and documented it's fairly cross-cultural and if you understand these five phases you can look.

At any couple anywhere and look. At who who's into who who's not how how trusting and open are they and you can work with that in business you can work with that in networking you can work with that mediation in client work. But it will absolutely help you in your romantic life because you'll be able to figure out am. I doing well with this person or not are they open to my.

Next move or not you know and and that that takes a lot of heat off all of us uh because it helps us select better. Partners right. We're going to talk about lie detection and body language and kinesic interview and interrogation skills. So that you can zero in on the 15 most powerful uh there's actually two two sets of.

Li detection track traits we're going to look. At one is called the the handsome 15 and the other is. I. I call the uh used de used deception indicators when you there's some overlap between the two systems when you combine them uh you get a very very reliable set a dictionary of body language cues that can indicate if somebody's lying to you or not um very very useful very very effective um.

I'll teach you through your body language how to project charm. Charisma and confidence on demand um how to project um connection and uh trust and sincerity on demand as well ladies you'll understand men better men you'll understand women better we'll teach you about the seven stages of dress for success in other words there when when you start to take on a certain level there are certain social status indicators that are connected to different types of dress and when you understand those levels you can can now dress in a way that gives you the right. Amount of status for the environment that you're operating in okay. It's completely non-verbal all right.

We teach you how to eliminate behaviors that weaken your influence there are certain things you should never do or or minimize when you're in an interaction with another person or on a zoom call and things like that little tiny things that on the surface you wouldn't think are any big deal. But actually take away from your. Authority your influence and the confidence that people have in you we'll show you how to completely eliminate those behaviors we'll teach you how to close more deals get more dates spot liars and project the kind of aura that you want people to perceive about you it's a really really powerful way to round out your uh your in your. Deep dive into human language profiling and behavior it's a $1,497 value we're going to include this in your package absolutely free total value on this is $698.

So just to review we're going to include in your package when you click your link that's appearing in the chat shortly you're get the secrets of face reading home study course value at $1,997 you're going to get the speed profiling defense against the dark arts training number one uh. NLP training course in the world a $997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the people reading for fund and profit home study course $1,497 value. I'm going to give that to you free total value is $698 in super powerful stuff that's going to give you an absolute advantage in an ethical way as you move through the world.

But because it's a webinar and especially now because you guys stuck with me and you you dealt with um some pretty heinous. Tech issues. I gotta be honest um make sure you stay till the end because. I want to.

I want to share something with you that's not on the slides. But today. I want to do. B do right.

By you guys. I want to give you the fast track to getting the certifications you want getting the information you need. So you can start making your life exactly what you want it to be. So.

I want you to have the best be human possible. So we're not even we're not going to charge you $6,998 heck we're not even gonna make we're gonna not even knock it down to. Half. Price.

Right. We're not even going to make it half of that for those of you who are ready to start for those of you who are ready to take your understanding of human beings. Behavior patterns to the. Next level if you're ready to add more zeros to your bottom line and help more people starting with you you can get everything.

I've just talked about for one low installment of just 997 all you need to do to grab yours right. Now is go to www.lpower.com slfac click that link www.lpower.com slfac that's face click the link click the link and for those of you uh who are maybe need a little extra help we can easily break that up for you into three installments of just 397 each all you got to do is. Click your link right. Now you'll be taken to a special uh page and you just click the link follow the instructions and click buy now or whatever the prompt on the on the button is and you will automatically um be entered into our database and as a byproduct of that you'll get the 60-day money back guarantee.

So try this material out train it for 60 full days if after the 60 days or within the 60 days you're not convinced you're not satisfied that this is some most powerful material uh you've ever experienced if you're not on the fast track to understanding people better being able to read and profile them instantly to if you're not using those skills to become more successful manifest in the life of your dreams if you're not finding yourself moving through the world feeling more secure confident socially romantically financially powerful. I'll refund your money right. If if these tactics and these and these skill sets aren't giving you the return on the investment that. I and.

I've under by the way. I've absolutely under promoted what these things can do. But if if within those 60 days after giving it an honest an honest uh attempt and we and we've been helping you through the the sticking points and whatever if you're not convinced if it's not it's not delivering the results that you want and expect from our programs just pick up the phone that moner me and no. And we will completely refund um we'll refund your money and you can even keep uh the programs you've downloaded okay.

That's just our way of saying hey thank you for trusting us all we do ask is that you know be ethical and honest about that don't be one of those hit and run people who buy everything and. Then two weeks. Later refund it because they've downloaded all the and you know they we have this really good refund policy. But here's the thing.

I am. So convinced. I truly believe that these skills are the difference between a life of mediocrity and a life of power. Freedom.

Choice love connection every good thing that you want more of in your life these skills are the fast track to getting it. I'm really good at what. I do teaching this stuff organizing this stuff tech tech issues aside. But.

I need you. I need you to want to do this course. I need you to want to follow the instructions and obey the commands. So that you can become the best version of yourself.

So grab your course click the links test drive this material commit to it play with it enjoy it have fun with it through a full 60 days if by the end of those 60 days you're not convinced it's one of the best investment that you ever made pick up the phone and let us know we'll refund you click your link right. Now www.lpower.com face click your link click your link click the link and we will move on now for those of you who like more stuff now who doesn't like more stuff if you grab your course not just before. March 11th 2024 which is today. But if you grab your course if you click that link right.

Now before. I log off the webinar. I've got three extra goodies for you. First and foremost.

I'm going to give you a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring. Practice.

Group and archive this is a 90day all all all access pass to the most powerful online mentoring program there is we've been around for 13 years. I've been running this program since. October 10th 2010 and we've videotaped every single session and it's literally you logging in or showing up at my office and. I literally go around the room and.

I say. Jake what do you want to learn. Moss what do you want to learn uh. Jeff what do you want to learn.

Jason what do you want to learn uh. Justin what do you want to learn uh. Mary what do you want. Kathy what do you want.

Holly what do you want to learn. Mia what do you want to learn and. I write it all up on the board and. Then.

I step back and. I look. At all the the. Connecting.

Threads how do all these things line up and. Then. I can and. Then.

I create a lesson plan for the group right. On the spot and. Then for the. Next four to six hours.

I drill you on those skills either in person or through our. Zoom. Channel until you can do them in your sleep and. I send you back out into the world to apply your new skills you come back.

Next month and. I do the same thing what do you want to learn today what do you want to focus on today what do you want what problem you want to solve today we create a lesson plan and we skill and we drill you are not going to get a certificate or a certification of any kind from your participation in the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring group what you will get is the ability to use the skills you're investing.

So heavily and. So. So joyfully in you'll gain the. Hands-On training that you need the real world feedback and the confidence and the support of the community of people who all want the same things you want where you're not a freak or you don't have to hide what you're doing because you don't think people will understand it's one of the most powerful and most important aspects that is missing from many people's persuasion and profiling.

Journey okay. When you raise your hand and choose to be above average to be special to be different by definition that means being average is no. Longer an option and when you make that choice you need a community you need support you need people like you who are cool who like to do cool stuff and that's what the. NP power.

Mastermind mention program is about it's the glue that brings all of your trainings and all of the information together and the best part is perhaps the. Second best part maybe is that we've archived every single session for the. Last 13 years between the. NLP power website our.

Facebook. Archive and our. YouTube channel as an all access pass member you get unlimited access to the entire 13-year archive stuff that's never been seen on. YouTube that's never um seen the light of day um in a product or service and it's going to be it's going to give you the ability to really functionalize your training okay.

Um that being said um it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free uh total combined value if you do the math is [Music] $898 and the. Second fast action bonus we're going to share with you is the face reading level two now remember. I said the face reading level one was all above the mask face reading level two is all the same good stuff below the mask. But you'll also because each of the different character istics have different correspondences and they relate to certain things you'll be able to understand how much fear somebody's holding on to how much uh how they handle money how bossy or less than bossy they are how nurturing they are hey guys.

Dr. David as you can see we had yet another text nafu um this time our uh we lost power you know. I think people are trying to uh uh you know what this is why. I'm.

So easy going because you just gota you just got to roll with the punches you know you know one of the things that that people always wondered and this is a completely off topic thing. But people always wondered why. I can be. So like laidback uh when goes wrong it's because shit's been going wrong most of my life right.

When. I when. I started the. Meetup.

Community um we would have text nephus all the time you know um and it always you know after a while you just roll with it right. It's it's a human thing right. Happens right. Um.

So. I'm talking to you right. Now just because. Moss is busy setting up the other computer or restoring power um and.

So once that's up we'll finish the offer. But. I will tell you since since. I have you here um.

So the. M the me the. NP power. Master mry archive is a great great thing to take your your skill sets to a whole other level uh the face reading for.

Fun and. Profit level two will round out your training. So now you have the sides of the face the profiles everything below the mass. So now you are equipped um to profile people anytime anywhere under any circumstance.

Finally uh the. Last thing we're going to do is. I'm going to give you guys a choice actually. I'm going to give you.

I'm. G to give you an extra bonus today you guys have been amazing um in that you've been patient and dealt with these. Tech nafo. So.

I'm going to actually do something that's not in my slides um. But. First and foremost for those of you who have clicked that link you didn't know this. But you actually just got a.

VIP ticket to our. Next uh influence training it's called. NLP. Ultra it's based on the defense against the dark arts and uh killer influence curriculums and it will take your skills to a whole new level um for those of you who want to get certified in face reading.

I'm going to give you guys a choice you can either come to. NLP. Ultra or we have a face reading 3-day certification coming up and it's an actually an introduction to the classical. Chinese face reading system that.

I learned the. Five. Element energetics combined with the modern approach and that's going to be in. April when you click your link and you reach out to.

Moss just let him know which of those classes you want to attend and we will give you the. VIP ticket for that okay. Um what. I'd like to do also as an unannounced bonus is would like to offer you guys a uh an extra.

VIP ticket and this one is going to be for the up in. April we have our. Next three-day virtual healing intensive. So a lot of times what what happens is people reach out to me and they don't necessarily want to get certified they don't want to learn how to do these techniques to help other people which is okay.

They just want to fix their own stuff and. So people have two basic approaches they either um come to the training they learn how to do this to fix their own stuff and. Then they go out and they never do anything with it or they want to do one-on-one sessions with me uh. I'm pretty pricey.

So what. I decided to do as a way for people to get the help they need without having to become. CER certified in something is. I created the uh the virtual healing intensive where you you come in and for three days.

I guide you through one process after after another after another and it's all designed to clear your blocks to success clear your limiting beliefs uh install traits qualities and characteristics that you want more of um and. So um because you guys have been really patient and and and dealt with a lot of these. Tech nafus. I wasn't going to do this.

But. I'm going to give you guys now this offer is only good while. I'm still logged on the webinar and. I'm going to be bouncing back to the other computer shortly.

But. I have you here now. So. I wanted to keep the continuity going um because.

I usually give a break after this part. So we go into phase three not without a problem. So here's what you're going to get you're going to get the uh uh if you click on your link right. Now in addition to all the things.

I've talked about you're going to get a. VIP ticket to either um. NLP. Ultra coming up in.

May which is either you can do it live or virtual. I prefer you there live. But there is a virtual option you can or you can come to face reading for. Fun and.

Profit certification. Next a or this. April um and get certified as a face reader. So you can add all the income streams that we were talking about uh.

So you get to choose which one you want and. So when you when you click the link and you you you grab your program in the notes section if you can give us a little heads up as to um which ticket you want we'll move you into that training. But all of you are going to get those of you who click the link all of you are going to get another. VIP ticket to our virtual healing intensive now this healing intensive you can do from the privacy of your own home uh uh we will never release these intensives as a product or any form of.

YouTube video whatsoever. So your privacy within that small group is a safe space and. I will literally like take the gloves off and we will go through change process after change process after change process. So that when you come out on the other side you're different and you're different in all the ways you want to be different and you have a clear path how to continue that momentum going forward.

So uh the total combined value of everything not counting the virtual intensive which is an extra $1,500 by the way if you were to buy it through the through the website the total combined value of everything in the webinar package tonight is $1 14,132 if you were to go to the website and try to buy these things individually you couldn't do it um for the you know for less than $ 14,132. But if you click your links right. Now you will get every single thing. I've talked about instantly for one installment of 997 or you can break that up into three installments of 3.97 each.

So all you got to do is go to www.lpower.com slf that's www.lpower.com slfac click your links right. Now because here's the thing when. I log off the webinar and we have we're going to be we're going to be together for a while. I have a whole other section.

I'm going to teach you guys. I'm going to finish the facial map. I'm going to keep some of the promises. I made during part one where we talk about.

U getting marks to clear um deception detection we talked about those things we're going to cover those in phase three of tonight's webinar this is phase two right. Now this is what. I call picking it further right. So.

I wanted to give you guys uh a heads up uh. So um um click the link before we get to phase three or before the break click the link. So your spe your spot is reserved because we only like 14 or 15 seats left for the healing intensive because we cap it at 30 um and you'll be able to do that from home. So once again let's recap you're going to get face reading for fun and profits level one $1,997 value you're going to get uh defense against the dark arts counter manipulation and anti and uh profiling speed profiling techniques $1,997 value you're going to get the identity by.

Design. Hypno. Hypnotherapy home study course $1,497 value you're going to get the um face reading for fund and profit level two uh $1,99 $1,497 value and. Then.

Finally you're no. $1,997 value and. Then you're going to get people reading for. Fun and.

Profit body language secrets and more $1,497 value and when you click that link right. Now you're also going to get the three-month. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program 15 that's a $1,997 value with the archive you're going to get the um oh um yeah face reading for.

Fun and. Profit level too and you're also going to get the. VIP ticket to either defense against the dark or. NLP.

Ultra. I'm sorry either. NLP. Ultra or uh face reading certification level one coming up in.

April and all of you will qualify for the. VIP ticket for the virtual healing intent coming up in. April as well. So $1 14,132 value go ahead and click your links right.

Now let's take a seven minute break or let's take a 10 minute no. Seven minute seven minute break we'll come back and we'll pick up with part uh part three of our webinar and we'll finish the facial map uh we'll look. At light some a little bit about lie detection and also um how to start the process of of making lines go away all right. We'll see you in a little bit okay.

Okay. Folks. I'm back a little early from break. So um.

I have my uh my zoom chat open. I don't have my. YouTube chat open because everything closed down um when the power went out. But uh.

Anyway. So if you guys have questions um that. I can answer for you for the ne in the. Next couple minutes before we move on to phase three go ahead and uh post them in the chat and we'll go ahead and uh do a little play a little.

AMA for a couple minutes. YouTube address for the re that is a really good question um restore session let's see if. I get let's see if. I get my session back without blowing up my computer oh there's my chat box can you guys hear me all right.

Um. I'll have to look. At my. YouTube channel uh.

I promise you tell you what. I will post the link um as because. I don't know the link. I have to actually access the back end of my.

YouTube um to do that for you. But um as soon as. I log off oh. Seth.

Seth posted it for us thank you. Seth. Seth is such a useful guy sometimes oops not select all okay. Good uh for those go for my love my lovely family out in.

YouTube land my apologies for all the tech neffew hopefully you heard my uh me picking up and ending with the uh the certification program on the other line um okay. Ed was asking for the replay you guys have any other questions that. I can answer before we go we uh we finish up the emotional map we talk about uh the processes for erasing lines um things of that nature. Botox no.

And based on you know it's my because of my training as a face reader and because. I'm working on a. Second doctorate in medical chiong um. I gotta tell you guys.

Botox is a bad idea not just because it's anytime you're intentionally injecting neurotoxin into your body that's a bad idea right. But if if you know if if if the wrinkle is more if losing the wrinkle is more important than a healthy liver you know who am. I to judge right. Um.

But yeah. Botox is is is an issue uh you got to remember this is really important and this is something that whether you're studying the modern approach to face reading which is is um what. I'm sharing with you today or you're coming from the classical. Chinese medical perspective you have to understand everything in the body is a feedback loop everything affects everything else somehow some way your organs affect your emotions your emotions affect your organs all and all of that affects your behaviors and your perceptions and your it's all connected it's all interrelated and.

So when you inject anything toxic into that system you're going to have the effect that you were hopefully you're going to have the effect that you wanted. But there's going to be all these other side effects ramifications of that thing. So a lot where a lot of people get. BOTOX is in this area right.

Here and. So you'll see that there there won't be any movement there they'll be very smooth and that's fine you it'll be very hard to read their expressions um. But it also will have an effect on their liver and their gallbladder because that part of the face is connected to that organ and that energy system and. So anything that affects the organ affects the face and the.

Energy. System anything that affects the. Energy. System affects the organ and the face and anything that affects the face affects the organ and the energy system and it's all interconnected.

So a lot of times people who. Botox wind up losing an ability to express certain kinds of emotions and anytime we limit our ability to express an emotion we create additional toxicity in the body how many of you guys were on earlier when. I when. I was talking about getting rid of wrinkles and aging and.

I said that my my teacher taught me that aging physical. Aging in the face especially is a is a result of emotional toxicity and that when you clean out the toxic emotions the face gets younger right. It's the same thing um it's it's a feedback loop and. So we got to understand that everything's connected okay.

All right. So are we all back from our break did y'all click the link like. I told you to hopefully you did if not do it now right. Great.

Bridget's with us. Alexander did you click the link young man right. And yes. We're back excellent very good all right.

So before all of our. Tech nafus and hopefully we're done that was three. So we should be done um we talked about skepticism we talked about joy we talked about about. Mania we talked about sadness sorrow and grief and we talked about lost loves okay.

We also mentioned that physiologically many people with those markings will present with some kind of lung or pulmonary issue pulmonary hypertension another one let me close my door okay. So if you are doctor or you know someone who works in the the physiological side of things start paying attention notice the pattern if there is one right. Uh. Next we're going to talk about some other really important emotions that.

I think um you should be aware of especially if you're some kind of clinician um and those those emotions are humor bitterness over nurturing disappointment and fear. So. So humor bitterness over nurturing disappointment fear these are all seen in the lower part of the body. So if.

I go to my handy dandy one note. So uh in our previous module we were all up here at the 12 through three o'clock side of the face right. Now we're going to look. At the lower half of the face from the uh from the four o'clock position to the uh the 8 o'clock position.

So when people have a good sense of humor if you look. At their lower lip they will see a tiny crease right. In the lower lip this is somebody who not only appreciates a good joke very often they can tell a good joke too right. So they have a good well-developed sense of humor they're fun okay.

Now does that mean if they don't have this line that they're a buzz kill no. Is the possibility higher yeah now there is a marking on here that is not on the map that. I want you guys uh to be aware of and and that's simply because it is kind of the inverse in many cases it can be the it can be the inverse of a good sense of humor and that's when the space between the nose and the upper lip is very small a very short this is called the filtrum area and when that filtrum is very small it doesn't mean they have a bad sense of humor directly what it does indicate uh oh froze up again. I don't get it you're just too magical.

D um where the the charger. I thought. I brought it up there it is it just just rebooted or something might be time to oh hello okay. Sorry about that guys.

I have no. Idea. I was. So magical all right.

Let's it's okay. I guys. I don't mind if you can hear me. I'm a human being and it's okay.

Right. Um. I just. I'm.

I'm out of out of loss as to why all these issues are happening today. I don't know if we've got sunspots if my biorhythm is at an all-time low my astrological sign is circling. Uranus. I have no.

Idea what's going on. But let's uh we're booting up the backup just in case. But let's continue with this. So.

I was talking about a short filtrum. So if you short filum o yeah short filtrum oof um there's actually a couple of traits that aren't on this map that. I would say are um watch out zones. But we don't have time for every single one when you come to face reading in.

April. I'll show you. I'll. I'll pull back the curtain and.

I'll show you all the hell traits um one of the things. I will tell you though if if you start when. I start showing you these hell traits in in. April um when you see them in other people don't say anything don't tell them they have this trait a because you'll trigger the trait and.

B they'll deny it. I promise you there's there's one trait little fleshy lip little fleshiness on the lip you call anybody on that if they have it they'll explode on you. I promise you right. Unless you unless you've got super.

Rapport and you super soften they're going to jump right. Into denial okay. So that's why it's really really important that because you can read it doesn't mean you need to say anything about it it's actually safer and from a from an from a intelligence perspective from an operational perspective unless you're physically uh being hired for change work or as a face reader it's it's a good idea to use the information. But not tell people what you know because it will they'll people will change their behaviors or try to change their behaviors.

But they'll tend to change it in. So this little fleshiness on the lip these people will create drama everywhere they go okay. That's all. I'm gonna say.

I won't tell you what that drama looks like moss is saying yes. Yes. It's true um. So that's one of the things.

So. So. But let's go back to the short filtrum when the filtrum is very short the space between the base of the nose and the upper lip is very small this person is very very sensitive to criticism or very important if it's really short perceived criticism let's be honest we're all sensitive to a certain degree to criticism. But people with a super short filter from they actually border on.

Paranoid they literally many times uh make movies in their head of people criticizing them and act as if those movies are true right. And there there's an actually there's actually a handwriting analysis trait that. I. I have correlated this with and.

So if. I see the short filtrum. I'm gonna if. I can get a copy of their handwriting.

I'm going to look. At their their d-loops how about a pronounced filtrum uh. Natalie what do you mean when you say a pronounced filtrum you mean a large one like one that sticks out okay. Don't get me started on philtrums because.

I literally have 50 different models of a filtrum okay. I'll tell you what at the risk of locking up my computer again do you guys want to see a little bit more on filtrum or not or do you want me to just finish the emotional map philtrum is not an that yes. Please isn't an answer you either want me to finish the emotional map or you want me to talk about filtrum just type okay. So.

Natalie says filtrum filtrum that. Ed says okay. I got two votes for filtrum if you guys don't speak up. I can't help you filtrum okay.

All right. Let me see if. I can get my uh my one note operating well again and we'll see what's going on all right. Um.

I don't normally show filtrum during a webinar. But. I guess it's a good it's a good change up actually. I may have to uh me.

I may have to jump to another notebook. But here okay. Here we go all right. So.

I'm. G to share my screen everybody pray pray to the pray to the internet. Gods all right. So when you look.

At the spa this and for those of you who don't know what a filtrum is it's that space between your upper lip and um your the base of your notes. So this is called a needle filtrum and the needle filtrum refers to a filtrum that is too thin and too narrow and it appears on the face is a needle generally the needle filtrum is not something that we want to see at all it tends to be the harbinger of bad news and it only denotes an inauspicious future the future the feature indicates a lack of support and this is the part that um. I want you guys to zero in on the feature can indicate a lack of support from family members. MERS and friends after middle age.

So that's more of a diagnostic fortunetelling thing uh it also denotes a big transition uh that takes place around the age of 50 that can lead to poor quality of life after. So let's let's actually look. At the basics of filtrum reading because this is something that you can use um. I may have to go to all right.

Um all right. Next filtrum is a curve filtrum curve filtrum formation is indicated when the filtrum inclines to the left or right. So let's look. At the diagram here.

So you see how this in in the previous model this is very straight. But very narrow in this particular instance the filtrum is much wider and we'll talk about width in a minute. But you see how it curves here right. And by the way theil filtrum itself is related to creative acts like procreation and creativity.

So when you see somebody um with a very prominent filtrum a very deep wide filtrum you're looking at somebody who has a deep reservoir of. Yin energy in other words they have a deep level of creativity that needs to be expressed now that that creativity can be expressed um as actual children right. Or can be expressed as giving birth to something else a book. A painting um a sculpture any anything where you're creating a piece of music um the deeper and wider the filtrum the more robust that.

Reservoir is. So the narrower the filtrum doesn't necessarily mean you're you don't have that you're weak although the what. I showed you can absolutely indicate that it means a much narrower. Reservoir.

So when we look. At filtrum we generally looking at the shape of the filtrum we're looking at the width of the filtrum and the depth of the filtrum now the. First the. First uh trade.

I gave you was a short filter in other words is it very long or is it very short the longer the filter you can you these people can probably be a little better at handling criticism. But there are other factors that could make them hyper sensitive. But the deeper and wider the filtrum uh the more people need to be creative more people need to uh express it in some way now if you have a real long deep wide filtrum uh you're built for children you're built to just create babies right. But if you're not going to have babies.

Then you need to give birth to something else a book. A sculpture a system a work of art music something creative you need to get that to to be healthy right. Otherwise that that energy is going to stagnate okay. Okay.

Uh let me look. At my all right. So uh normally when. I'm teaching and and you'll learn this when you come to face reading in.

April uh we'll talk about filtrum shapes and what they indicate um what's interesting about the uh the filtrum. I'll give you this. Last thing before we jump back into emotions what's interesting about the filtrum is that you can think of it like the fuel gauge of the body like you know how when you're driving right. And you have your gas gauge right.

And as the tank gets emptied it moves what's interesting about the filtrum is that the filtrum will tell you how your energy is going to be released and accessed over the course of your life. So for example if you have a diamond shaped filtrum. So a diamond shaped filtrum is small at the top and. Then it gets wider and.

Then it gets smaller what that indicates is that you may as a child have been a little on the. Wimpy side your. Constitution wasn't great your energy level wasn't too high. But as you got older you got physically stronger healthier and more robust and.

So the your midlife you're going to have this abundance of energy and. Then as you age the energy starts to decline again. So that is the transition of what the. Chinese call your.

Jing or your your hormonal uh physical. Essence the the. Vitality of your body okay. If you have a a filtrum that's shaped like a trapezoid it's bigger here and.

Then it gets smaller you have somebody who is has a lot of energy a lot of constitution very athletic or has a lot of physical potential in their early years years and as they get older it slowly declines we see this a lot in high school. Superstars people who peak in high school you know you know who. I'm talking about right. Super strong at the beginning and.

Then they just kind of pet her out never and never really launch. Beyond. High. School right.

Um a lot of times you'll no. That's an overgeneralization. But that's what. I think of um when.

I think of that particular filtrum designation you got somebody who's got a lot of energy when they're young and they're they can do all these things. But they get older they kind of get frailer right. And. Then you have my filtrum which is um it it's it's the inverse it starts small an inverted trapezoid it comes out and it comes out and gets bigger as it goes down towards the lip this is someone who doesn't have as as much energy in their childhood they're a little sickly have.

I had a lot of allergies and all kinds of health problems as a kid. I wasn't real physical. I wasn't. I just wasn't a physical spent.

I was bigger around than. I was tall right. But as. I got older my health and my.

Vigor my athleticism started to grow and improve because. I was getting access to more of my physical energy your hormones and stuff like that. So when you see that kind of a filtrum you're looking at somebody who is going to get strong who's going to tend to get stronger as they get older right. So s says trumps little.

I don't even want to know what body part you're referring to. But uh we'll leave that up to your imagination okay. Is this is this uh is this helpful is this useful now when you guys look. In the mirror if your filtrum is as big as you get older get off your butt and go do physical stuff you got energy for it okay.

And by the way click that link. So. I can teach you more in. April um this okay.

Uh let's go back to emotions share screen all right. Okay. So. I talked about sense of humor make this bigger.

So sense of humor can be seen by the single line at the lip if you pay attention now to these lines here what the heck well for some reason my pointer is. Now not working. So all. I can blame this on is.

I did a pulling down the heavens exercise right. Before the webinar. So this this line here these these vertical lines are what are known as bitterness lines or over. I'm sorry they're over nurturing lines.

So the way these come about is if you are in a relationship now it can be u a parent relationship where you're a parent you're caregiving a parent or you're a parent caregiving a child or you're a husband caregiving a wife a wife caregiving anybody or if you're like a home health aid a hospice nurse that is just overdemanding on you what will start to happen is you will start to develop these lines above your lip and this indicates somebody who is giving more than they receiving these people usually grow up and as they were growing up they were taught that you should always be giving to people and that if you give to the world the world will give back to you and they internalize that rule and they live to make that rule happen the problem is is that the rule doesn't work in their life the way they think it's supposed to. So these people are constantly giving and giving and giving and giving waiting for the world to give back. But it never does and. So they get increasingly more frustrated and disappointed and that's where this line comes in this is a disappointment line.

So if you spend a lot of time yelling at your kids or your kids are constantly uh not living up to the standards that uh you've made you may develop these lines if you've got employees who are constantly underperforming you'll start to develop these lines if your spouse is not is not doing it for you and every day it's an extra exercise and tolerance you may start to develop these lines okay. They're an indication that you're not good with what's going on in your life and you're repressing and denying it and you need to fix it right. One way or another you need to fix it okay. Finally if you look.

At these little lines on the lower. Li these little vertical lines here these lines are called bitterness lines okay. And the thing about bitterness lines is that we we are. So we become.

So disappointed we we lapse into disillusionment and. Then we become resentful and that turns into bitterness and any of these by themselves is a problem. However when you have all three when you have over nurturing and disappointment and bitterness you now have a recipe for terminal or chronic illness usually cancer uh when it's not cancer it's usually some form of intestinal issue or heart issue like. IBS or.

Crohn's or um um what's the other one. IBS chromes. Anyway a lot of times this stuff will go to the intestines. But bitterness also travels to to the heart and to the liver.

So it's not uncommon for people to manifest uh some kind of terminal or chronic illness. So any now now it doesn't mean if you see all three of these markings uh that you're going to get cancer uh it does indicate though that there's some serious cleanup that needs to happen and the only one that's going to be able to do that is you right. So it's important for you to seek out somebody who can let you purge and cleanse that emotional toxicity right. If your if your clients show up with these.

I guarantee if you you agress the cause uh and get back to the initial sensitizing events things of that nature you're probably going to wind up dealing with some form of bitterness or resentment okay. Right. What if bitterness lines are not perpendicular. But move away at a 45 degree angle from the central line um.

Terry i' have to see it. But barring any other indications the. First thing. I would ask is does that person have any kind of intestinal issue in the small intestine or the large intestine because the area around the lips is uh physiologically in.

Chinese medicine relates to the small and large intestine and. So if you see a lot of markings in that area ask if they've got any kind of autoimmune or um uh like. Crohn's disease uh. IBS.

I can't remember the other there's another one that that sometimes chronic fatigue. But um those kinds of things. So like. I said the the nice the amazing thing about face reading is we can profile anything if we want to profile somebody's emotional health it's right.

There it's just literally it's as plain as the nose on your face right. If we want to profile their constitution and. Trauma history it's right. There if we want to look.

At the health of their internal organs it's right. There okay. We just have to know how to what layer of the face we're looking for okay. All right.

So before. I move on if it's okay. With you. I'd like to put a little reminder out there that um the fast action bonuses the the ones that we keep talking about keep teasing about they're going to go away as soon as.

I log off this webinar. So uh if you haven't clicked the link one would now be a good time to click that link uh let's just let's just go through this again. So for those of you who are ready to rock and roll you're going to get the secrets of face reading home study course valued at $1,997 you're going to get the defense against the dark arts uh counter. Prof counter manipulation and speed profiling course $1,997 uh we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the identity by.

Design home study course valued at $1,497 you're going to get people reading for. Fun and. Profit home study course uh. F at 1,497 you're going to get the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program also uh $1,997 value the face reading for. Fun and. Profit level two home study course $1,997 value and of course you're going to get that.

VIP super ticket to either your choice this is again a special because of all the tech sfos um you're going to get your choice of either access to the 5-day. NLP. Ultra practitioner certification boot camp it's a $3,150 value. May 21st to the 25th 2024 here in.

San. Diego or if you give us put a note in your order that you want the three-day face reading for fund and profit certification track which includes the training in the. Five. Element face reading system as well an introduction to the elements um also you can do that or you can do that instead in.

April. I think it's the 23rd through the 25th. I think. Seth was posting that in the uh in the chat earlier.

I don't see it. But um. Anyway um. So just let us know which is which.

Terry says thanks. David. I invested again because. I'm.

So hooked on a feeling. Terry you rock. I love you all right. Make sure you click your links because.

I want you all there this is a lot of fun and. I like to hang out with cool people who like to do cool stuff um and also as a free bonus uh anybody who's clicked that link between now and the end of the webinar you're going to get another. VIP ticket to our three-day virtual healing intensive uh also coming up in. April and you can do that one from the safety and comfort of your own home and it's just you and me and a small group of people going through one change process after another total value on this is $4 14,132 you can get it all for one installment at $99.97 or if you want you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each just click that link in your chat it's www.lpower.com slashface right.

NLP power.com slf uh all about balance is asking can the five-day boot camp be followed online yes. All of the all of our events unless otherwise noted going forward will probably have a hybrid option available um. But let me let me talk to you about that really quick okay. You guys have probably figured out by now that.

I really really love and care about what. I do and. I care about the people who come to learn it and to me teaching you to be the best practitioner humanly possible is to me a sacred. Duty a because it's my name on the certificate.

But. B because people are going to rely on you people are going to look. Up to you to be a an excellent practitioner to have highlevel skills. So that you can help them and.

I would assume you want that too. So here's here's the thing yes. We we will have a hybrid option for people who want to be certified practitioners. However.

I strongly encourage you to show up for the live event if it's possible. So that we can make sure you get a full immersion the way our our proven system has worked we will take you from. Zero to. Hero in three or five days depending on what the event is we are working very very hard on finding ways to make our virtual training as skill building and comprehensive as our.

Live. Events because of that we are implementing certain rules and certain um additional standards if you can if you want to take the hybrid option you can absolutely do that. But you may find that the amount of repetitions that we ask of you uh for each module for each required exercise things of that nature you may have more reps to do and you may have a little bit more extra work to submit. So that you can demonstrate the level of proficiency we like to expect from our students yeah.

I'm just going to be very very um upfront with you on that um because. I. I am a firm believer in the power of online learning. I also know the drawbacks of online learning and.

I've seen way too many programs especially in the hyp yis world where people can start a six-month hypnosis and hypnotherapy training program they come out of it with as a certified hypnotist and they've never hypnotized another human being and to me that's criminal right. I mean how do you how do you do that. I mean if you. I mean if all you want your certificate great.

I get that. But how are you serving anybody by just giving people the illusion that they're competent just because they can answer a test that's not enough in my world. I'm sorry um. I understand that online learning has its place and.

I support that and. I want you guys to do as much of it as you can. But. I want you to do it in a way that when you step away from that training you have the ability to do something and you can do it anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason.

So my my sacred duty is to help you be the best at this that you can be using whatever medium is possible. So when you click that link think about how you want to go about this and make appropriate arrangements okay. So and. I again.

I don't normally break the. Third wall. But does that can you guys get behind that is that is that something that maybe. I'm maybe.

I shouldn't have said that or. I should have said it what do you guys think everybody got very quiet all of a sudden. Bridget says say it all right. People deserve that information.

I may say whatever you mic to us okay. Anyway. I want you to be good that's that's really what it comes down to right. Um because.

I. I. I some of you know this some of you don't. I taught hypnosis in.

NLP for 10 years for free before. I was willing to certify another human being and the reason for that was because. I ran one of the largest hypnosis and. NLP practice groups in the world called the called the.

Los. Angeles. Sleepwalkers and we saw the product of every hypnosis. NLP training organization pretty much on the planet come through that training and.

So many of them had all this paid all this money for all these certificates and they either couldn't do anything when asked or they would sit there and criticize the people learning and practicing and they would quote bandler grindler chapter in verse or. Elman this or. Ericson that and when you ask them to get up and demonstrate what they were talking about they would find an excuse not to do it and. I made a very very um emotional.

But. I think it was the right. Decision that. I was not going to be part of that machine that.

I was not going to just hand out certificates for because somebody sat in the chair right. So if you want a certificate that means something click that link right. Now and show up right. That's all.

I got to say all right. So. I'm going to give you we're we're kind of running running out of time and you guys have been such. Troopers.

So um. I just want to uh say click the link right. Now grab your courses all about balance says. I understand live is always better.

But and not scared to do some extra oh great hey if you're in if you're in. Europe or. Belgium and getting here. I have people in.

Australia on my. Last class look. If the hybrid option is the best you can do and you're willing to do the work. I will move.

Heaven and. Earth to make sure you're the best practitioner you can be in that. Medium that's my commitment to you and my team. Moss is there.

Holly is there. Heather will be there. Seth will be there that's our job there's too many of there's too many people out there who need this for us to do alone there's eight billion people on this planet and maybe a hundred of us total that are out there doing this work a lot of people come through the trainings and they're doing it at some level. But not on a professional level.

So the world needs you that's it okay. All right. So uh let me see if. I can get back to my emotionals page and um we probably won't be able to finish the emotional map.

I may just cover some of the other things uh before this goes too long yeah something's kind of wonky with uh. I think it's with it's with zoom. But. I.

I can't whoops. I don't know what's going on. I may have to defrag the hard drive or something um all right. So we've covered um over nurturing we've covered disappointment we've covered bitterness now another thing.

I want you to look. Especially in children um and. I apologize because for some reason my cursor is not behaving okay. Good.

So. Next thing. I want you guys to look. At is this area on the chin now on the diagram you'll notice what look.

Like little lines right. But what. I have seen out in the real world is if you've ever looked at somebody's chin you know what an orange peel looks like you know the little dimples in an orange or gra an orange orange peel or grapefruit peel when you look. At the chin and you see those little dimples that's someone who's been repressing a lot of fear now notice what.

I said repressing when we're looking at these emotional markings we are looking at emotions that these people have not fully processed they've either repressed them they're in denial of them or they cut the grieving or processing uh time short it's especially true um it's especially true when we're looking at grief lines grief and lost love lines and here's what here's the my theory on this one of the problems that we have is that we have a con you have you guys know you have three brains right. You have the. First of all the brain stem right. The brain stem and.

Then over that you have the. Maman brain or the lyic system and. Then over that you have what is commonly referred to as the neocortex the neocortex is the only part of you that actually uses spoken language or verbal language to process information your your reptile your melion brain which is your lyic system and your brain stem or reptile brain all work in visual anesthetic distinctions now why is that even remotely important it's because each layer of your brain speaks a slightly different language and. So one of the things that you'll learn when you come to identity by.

Design or uh face reading or. NLP. Ultra is that there are six dynamics of an unconscious response your unconscious response or unconscious mind which is your your melon brain um your your. Reptilian.

Brain your brain stem your spinal cord that part of you always answers questions. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud and it's never linear if you understand those six. Dynamics you can you you can literally dialogue with different parts of your nervous system and get just about any change that you want okay. Um if you want to be more successful with your hypnosis.

NLP or other transor type clients teach them these six. Dynamics before you do any work with them because that will actually lend credibility to what they're most likely to experience during your change work process now what does that all have to do with face reading when you experience a trauma like let's say well. I'll give you a couple examples a uh maternity leave right. Uh you're given you know you're going to have a baby you have a baby you get three months maternity leave right.

And. Then what you got to go back to work right. If you are you have a job and you have a death in the family you get six weeks bereavement. Le leave or something like that yes.

Some people some some places it's longer here's the problem with that that your unconscious mind may need 8 10 12 six months to finish the grieving process. But if your conscious mind says it's gonna. I have six weeks to grieve and. Then get back to work well you need let's say you need let's say you need 12 weeks.

But at the six week. Mark you have to go back to work. So you know you do you intentionally say no. I'm not going to think about that anymore.

So half your grief is processed the other half isn't it goes into storage and now every time you encounter a situation circumstance or event in the outer world that is a trigger for that un that that repressed grief it's going to trigger the grief again and you're going to have to lock it down why because you're done grieving consciously and. So every time that energy tries to come up your not your unconscious mind has to. Marshall up energy to stuff it back down and it keeps building that emotional charge and the lines get longer and deeper why because you didn't finish the grieving process you cut that process short because you had you made it your your conscious your conscious mind your neocortex made an arbitrary decision says this is how long it's going to take me to process this and you hit that. Benchmark your conscious mind says okay.

We're done the unconscious mind says. But we're not done and cons says we're done say okay. I'll stuff this and uh you let me know when it's okay. To finish does this sound familiar by the way you've all experienced this in a much smaller way how many of you you how many of here know what a car is anybody type it in the chat all right.

Good how many people here know what a bright. Sunny day is how many people here know what a radio is oh. I only ride camels nice. So let me see if this has ever happened to any of you how many of you have ever been driving in your car on a bright.

Sunny day if you're if you're in. Europe you're driving on this side if you're in. America you're driving on this side right. But you're driving along radio's cranking sun is shining great day and all of a sudden a shitty memory from when you were seven just pops up out of nowhere now let me ask you a question do you immediately pull off to the side of the road throw the car in park turn off the radio turn off the engine slam on the parking brake and dive in and root out that negative emotion you probably said no.

To that right. What do you do well if you're like most people you turn the radio up step on the gas. St. Yeehaw and you stuff it back down still driving that's right.

What do you think just happened you just added additional charge to the repressed emotion why because part of the nerve the nervous system's job is to purge trauma it's built you have these built-in trauma ejection mechanisms that will activate spontaneously and will. Purge your body of crap if you let it again when you come to. NP. Ultra we'll uh we'll we'll we'll go deep dive into that because it's important to understand because if we can reclaim those trauma recovery mechanisms man we can do a lot of therapy on our own like a lot okay.

Um. So that's that's the same mechanism when you have something that takes three months to process. But you only allow yourself a month for that to happen that extra charge goes in the body and it stays there and like anything that's stagnant it purifies it gets more toxic as time goes on and you will start to. Mark at some point you'll reach a critical mass in your body and it will manifest as a physiological illness or maladaptive.

Behavior okay. Face reading can give us a glimpse into where the problem areas and how do we fix it before it becomes a a deeper problem right. So um. I'm.

G to really really recommend that um if you're in the helping profession coaching mentoring you you you get the face reading training because trust me it will it will. Jack your credibility and your efficacy with your clients with your family with your sign ific others with your friends off the charts. So click your links now okay. Uh www.npower.com slf um if you need um pay extra help or consideration reach out to.

Moss or. Mia and um they're happy to to help you work out whatever program um is right. For you now a couple of things you may have noticed when. I went through the face reading program that you may have already bought some of the products listed in the package that's okay.

Click your link right. Now and when you call. Moss or. Mia let them know what programs you already have and we will let you substitute any program of a lesser or equal value from our catalog.

So you can customize your own program right. So again we want you to be as successful and competent and ready as humanly possible we want you to be happy. So we don't want want we don't want you paying good money for stuff you've already got. So just let us know and we'll we'll create an uh a more.

Boutique package as long as the price points match up and everything we'll create a boutique package for you okay. Um if you've already been through face reading certification uh and you want to gift your. VIP ticket to somebody else you can do that if you can't make the upcoming events um. But you still want to attend a training let us know through email or through voicemail especially and we will move you to the.

Next training and you'll still have that free seat you won't that technique that that. VIP ticket won't expire until you actually use it. So you can gift it you can use it at a. Later time every now and.

Then depending on the price points and the amount of days involved we'll let you substitute it for a different training right. We want you to have uh as much flexibility and adaptability in. Planet. David as youly possible we want you to really um get the attention that that that you want me within limits of course you know um.

But uh. So. I just wanted to put that out there now if for some reason you have one of these. VIP tickets and we.

Chang the pricing of the event. So right. Now. NLP.

Ultra is 3150 at the door let's say four months from now we raise that to 3750 well you still get to come still free for you because you got the. VIP ticket right. Let's say we raise the price of face reading to 4750 right. Because the income potential you still get it free because you have the.

VIP ticket. So by all means click the link and get your ticket right. And. Then when you're ready to use it let us know that all we do ask is that if you decide to come to an event at the.

Last minute let us know don't just show up because we we try to have all the materials made in advance based on the amount of confirmed attendees right. We always have a couple of extras just in case because we've been doing this a while. But um just let us know just communicate with us right. We're very flexible we want to help um and we do it again and remember we have a no.

Drama policy. So uh we don't care how much you pay if you cause way too much drama if you have a very fleshy lip we're gonna watch okay. Um that being said let me go ahead and just do one. Last uh reminder call for this.

So just to remind you this is what you're getting uh you get the secrets of face reading home study course valued at $1,997 you're going to get the defense against the dark arts home study course valued at 1,997 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the identity by. Design home study course valued at $1,497 free people reading for fund and profit home study course valed at $1,497 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the nalp power. Mastermind mentoring trial plus the archive 13-year archive $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the face reading for. Fun and.

Profit level two home study course. So that's everything below the mask side of the head ears stuff uh we're to $1,997. Value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and. Then.

Finally you're going to have your choice. VIP super ticket you can come to our. Next face reading for fund and profit uh practitioner certification or you can jump into our. Next five 5 day.

NLP. Ultra practitioner certification valued at $3,150 and that's coming up. May 21st through the 25th here in. San.

Diego total package value is $1 14,132 um you get it all for just $997 or just break that up into three easy installments of 3.97 each and uh just click. NLP power.com forace and uh we'll get you reserved all right. Real quick like a bunny as one of my teachers used to say let's look. At more face traits and.

Then we're going to call it a day some really um powerful traits. I want you to look. At and you're going to see these a lot we're going to go right. To the center of the body now okay.

So if you look. At the center of the face one of the right. Between the eyes. What you're going to notice here is two lines we call these lines irritation annoyance or impatient l.

So you'll see the irritation and annoyance uh in. California drivers and. Then when they're not driving uh you'll see these everywhere else. So this is a really important uh trait because if you see these this person is prone to impatience they're you're going to have to give them good reasons why they have to wait for something now uh if you see three lines here this is somebody who has found a way to manage their impatience they've actually overcome the problem.

So now when they get annoyed or impatient. New. York and. Washington drivers yes.

Right. Pretty much drivers anywhere there's traffic any big city right. Um. So when you see three lines this somebody who's actually a little bit more evolved they've managed to overcome that issue every now and.

Then. I'm. I'm having trouble with for some reason. I can't seem to get my uh my my pen to work.

So let me try this there we go. So that's what three lines look. Like every now and. Then though you'll see somebody with one big line or one small line right.

Down the center of their face this is in. Chinese. Diagnostics and face reading we call this line a suspended needle if it's small or a suspended sword if it's long and big and deep this particular line has a lot of different connotations some of which are impa self-sabotage um anger at a parent or sibling um and a need to prove oneself a lot of times. So don't be surprised that these people are always kind of engaging in passive aggressive behavior trying to to prove how smart they are how competent they are how much better they are than everybody else um these people often the.

Genesis of this is often an anger at a parent uh towards a son or daughter or a son or daughter towards a parent they can go either way. But a lot of times you'll see a lot of self-sabotage in this. Behavior and the reason is this area of the body is connected to the wood element of the body which is connected or affiliated with the liver and the gallbladder area of the body the wood element of your body is your achievement energy it's the energy that allows you to protect your boundaries it allows you to take chances and go for things and accomplish and win and. So what happens when you when you see this this line what someone has done for good reason usually.

But not healthy reasons is they've taken the reservoir of energy and they've literally cut it in half they've literally placed an arbitrary barrier on their energy usually because they they acted in anger and it was punished very very badly and they made some kind of conscious or unconscious decision that they were never going to let that happen again and they they they create a block that locks down their achievement and at. First it's not a problem. But the pattern that you'll see is these people will be very good at things and they'll have this they'll be on a fast track to what looks like being successful and. Then they'll reach a moment where they stop progressing and they'll just stop they'll either blow up the job they'll blow up the relationship uh they'll they'll lose interest in it and they'll start something new get to a certain level and jump to something else.

So a lot of times these people are. Jacks of all trades and master of a very very few now that doesn't mean they're not highly competent. But compared to what they could be achieving with that they don't they don't actualize and the reason is is because at some point in their life that energy that's locked in here is going to stop them from moving forward and when it stops them when they reach that barrier inside it's going to manifest as an argument or disagreement and they find a reason to leave it's going to manifest as some kind of boredom where they they lose interest and they start something new or it manifests a lot of times um as passive aggressive behavior or let's the other one. I'm looking for um passive aggressive self-sabotage they're they're gonna they're just.

GNA stop they lose interest they blow it up or they just leave can it cause dementia in older people. Mike experience hasn't been indicating that it can cause dementia can it contribute yes. Why because dementia is a form of dying without dying it's a form of of not wanting to be in the body anymore and that's usually a result of repressed traumas and memories that people don't want to think about they want to get away from. But they don't want to they they they can't kind of take their own line that's been the.

Genesis of what we've looked at in medical chiong hypnosis things of that that nature. So. I think dementia can be a factor. But.

I don't think it's it's a deep cause what if that thick line comes over halfway down the nose. I'd have to see that. But if somebody's got some that much resentment and that much anger um that's a problem. But it might also be indicative of something else because if it's if it's going down the face it's passing through other parts of the body as well.

So. I would have to see that um maybe some other time. I'm in the middle of a webinar. But um we can talk about it during an.

Ama or a mastermind or something all right. Guys that's about all we have time for uh for those of you who stuck it out the entire way we have a huge bonus package remember you've got the three-day healing intensive you've got your. VIP tickets to either uh killer def. NLP.

Ultra or um face reading certification level one and you've got all those fast action bonuses. So click that link now in the words. The. Immortal words of.

Carol. Bernett. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we've just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long good night thank you. So much for hanging out. I love you all click the link and. I'll see you on the other side.

God bless.
