Title: FREE NLP TRAINING: How To Spot A Liar - Body Language Decoded Pt. 1
File Name: MbJY_pQ-N5U.txt
Video Id: MbJY_pQ-N5U
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbJY_pQ-N5U

Communication going on at the most at the most gross level you have two sets of communication that's going on you have conscious and unconscious or verbal and nonverbal the. First principle to learn and. I'm going to try and close this. Luke about the program thing in just a minute.

But just to get this out and kind of get it closed remember this at the end of the day the unconscious mind always answers. First and it always answers honestly okay. That is the bread and butter of everything you're going to be if you if you have any doubt about anything. I teach tonight and what.

I'm going to do is. I'm going to give you very very broad. Global. Strokes.

First why because if you can't get those you're not going to get the subtleties by the time we hit break time the information is going to be dribbling out your ears you may be bleeding from the eye right. In the field of human communication especially non-verbal communication kinesics as we call it oras. I was trained in kinesic interview and interrogation um it is a vast vast field and it doesn't belong to one domain neural. Linguistics has a stake in it body language has a stake in it cognitive behavioral therapy has a and behavioral therapies have a stake in it they all bring something to the table that helps help us to understand what's going on inside of us and what's going on inside of us are a series of interlinking programs communicating or in some cases not communicating.

So getting back to your question about worry or anxiety everything including sadness worry fear rage jealousy have a struggle rure that structure is equivalent to a computer code or program every time anytime you find somebody who's anxious about something the same commonalities tend to to appear hey the pictures are big they're too close and they're right. Around here okay. So what we have now is a spatial representation a dimensional representation a. Ro and a u uh what's the word.

I'm looking for time space it's big and it's in front it's too close and one of the things we need to understand in terms of anxiety and actually anxiety and stress to be more specific does factor a lot into what we'll be teaching tonight because what you're going to be looking for are not cues that signal lying because there isn't any there is no. One single body language que unless you got somebody hooked up to an. MRI or. CT that tells you when somebody is lying what you the best you can do is your best guess based on a certain set of protocols that you follow okay.

So the. First thing we understand getting back to your question the structure that the human nervous system runs on has basically five categories of code visual auditory kinesthetic whole. Factory and gustatory every single thing that you experience is built from those fundamental categories of data or attribute now we look. At this in terms of a linear sequence now this is just one way of of describing this you could just as easily go g a o k v okay.

It's just in in. NLP parlament we we can we tend to go with the big three. First right. But some people actually have smell and taste as a dominant modality when you ask them how how they do something they actually they actually reference the part of their brain that processes taste and that's exactly what.

I want you to understand when we look. At this. V kogg is that these are literally cortexes of the brain that are activating and the order and sequence that they're being activated think of how many people know don't know what a spark plug is right. How many okay.

You guys all know that when the when the when all the cylinders in your car whether it's a two-cylinder a one-cylinder oh one cylinder is kind of hard. But. But uh a two-cylinder four-cylinder six-cylinder 12 still doesn't matter when all the cylinders fire at the right. Time everything runs smooth right.

Well when these fire the sequence that these fire in create. Behavior they create the things we actually do in terms of physical actions in the world they're also govern the way we make decisions. So when you think about vog the connection of these links let me use a different color for this sorry is. G again gustatory okay.

So think of it this way links in a chain or if you were in the uh in the conversational hypnosis class right. We talked about. X causes. Y where.

X is a cause. Y is an effect now there's a slight pattern connection here and that. V leads to a leads to. K leads to o leads to.

G that's the sequence if that were if that were say my and. LP likes to call these strategies it's a confusing word. But basically it's the recipe we use to do something what. Richard bandler and.

John. Griner discovered many many ago was that even though you and. I might be doing the same task we may have a very very different strategy to do it some strategies work better than others right. Some people and one of the ones that.

I use most often there's two that. I use most often one is called a convincer strategy which is these are not going to factor in too much tonight. But if you're going to do alchemical work which is kind of where we how this this lie detection meat up started was understanding uh alchemical work making. Transformations and changes in.

US convincer strategies and um what's the other one it'll come to me in a minute remind me that. I didn't close this. Loop convincer strategies and something else it'll come back. But think about it the think about it just this way the order and sequence that we.

Act which parts of our brain we use in what order oh uh convincer strategy and decision strategy see. I knew it would come back now these two tend to work hand and glove a decision strategy may be just using this as an example remember this is an example it may not apply to you and it might okay. Some people who want to come to a seminar may see themselves at the seminar they may read something about the seminar they may talk to themselves in a certain way maybe some internal dialogue or maybe they'll talk to somebody who's been to the seminar before and. Then they'll get a feeling about whether it's right.

For them or not and. Then they'll act on it. So the words that. I used.

I saw something or. I read something. I talked to somebody right. I got a feeling about whether it was right.

For me and. Then. I did something okay. What you've got there is you have actually two kinesthetics you have an internal kinesthetic which is a.

Feeling and an external kinesthetic which is an action all decision strategies end in a kinesthetic every sing that is the one universal nobody takes an action until they felt something none of you are here because of a voice in your head none of you are here because of a picture you can't get rid of well that's bogging. But bugging you many times you're here because there's a feeling that's bugging the hell out of you that you either want more of or you want less of would that be true or not true right. You here to learn about lie detection because somebody did something or said something or told you something that made you feel not good would that be true don't lie to me damn it all right. Or you may just be curious about how people actually work and that's kind of where my.

Evolution started um how many for how many of you here is this your. First time uh dealing with the nightmare of me all right. Couple rules. First of all this means yes.

This means no. There will be a test especially in this. Meetup this means. I know the answer this means.

I don't this means oh. I hope he doesn't ask me that. I don't get a lot of um. I occasionally bring people up to do demonstrations or healings or transformational work if.

I call you up or if you volunteer to come up it is assumed that you are giving me permission to plaster your lovely face all over. YouTube and. Inspire millions of other people all over the world as they watch you change and transform that's your payment for getting free change work right. In this case.

I think you're going to find it's it's a lot again we want to have fun tonight with this lie detection can get very heavy very very quick all right. So we got to keep it light. So stop taking yourself way. So damn seriously okay.

Um. But there's another aspect. I want to cover real quick on the vog because it goes directly to your question about anxiety or any other feelings in your body or experiences that just keep driving you nuts and that is what we call the attribute level let's take um let's take visual as a good example uh let me. I like to.

I'm in a colorful mood today. I don't know why what are some attributes of something that is visual color color the color of the opposite of color will be what what would be the opposite of color neutral or black and white maybe right. No. Color okay.

Okay. Um how about motion is that could something be moving shape. I'm sorry what shape shape yes. Shape very much intensity when you say intensity or.

Define that for me am amount of coming through okay. So it could be very intense or it could be very faded almost like contrast maybe right. Contrast. Mass sorry what.

Mass size mass would be more weight. So that's more kinesthetic. But we're getting an idea right. That we're starting to make can we make some distinctions like yes.

No. Right. Could it be clear or fuzzy moving are still black and white. So everybody just for.

Grins and. Giggles think of something in your life that made you feel amazingly good now here's the secret to what. I do if you can point to it you can control it that's the secret all the self-help. Buffs either don't know or don't want you to know if you can point to it you can change it okay.

So the. First thing. I want you to do is think of something that makes you feel really good really good like really good you know what. I'm saying baby might have like you might have that 70s disco music playing in that back right.

Don't take yourself. So freaking seriously you never get out of. Al right. But my point is.

I don't need to know what it is. So make it as juicy as you want to make it because if you can't feel good for no. Freaking reason boy we got a lot of work to do and most of us go through life being way too freaking serious and taking life way too serious okay. Seriously we got to stop.

So the. First thing is um couple more administrative things before. I finish this exercise if. Politically.

Incorrect language colorful metaphors or swear words offend you get the out okay. Uh. I don't. I'm an.

OBS kind of guy this stuff this is the world according to. David if it works for you if it gels with you if it resonates with you and you feel it's something you can use yes. That's my job to give you something powerful something you can start using today if it doesn't. Chuck it right.

Read point to where you feel that good feeling good close your eyes. And look. At it with your inner eyes. I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color for.

First impression you don't have to tell me just know what it is now imagine if you would that there is a picture floating in the space around you that is connected to that feeling take your other hand. Reach. Out. And.

Touch it now take your other hand trace the edges of it. So you know exactly how big it is remember this is the part where you have to get the body involved this is one of the homeworks of our change work and all. I want you to do now is grab the edges of it make it bigger notice what happens to the feeling you know. I got your eyes.

Closed. So nobody's going to see when. I point at you. So just what happened to the feeling oh uh it uh got actually more stable more stable now here's what.

I want you do look. At the picture color black and white it became uh less uh less enchanting less enchanting yeah that wasn't my question the question was it in color of black black and white oh was color initially and. Then. But you just turn it black and white when.

I said that yes. Don't do that that wasn't what. I you have to pay attention. Okay.

How many people here notice that their good feelings are in color if they're not make them color now. I want you to notice are the images fuzzy or distinct if they're fuzzy make them distinct notice what happens to the feelings how many now another quick question is the picture moving or is it still if it's still make it a movie notice what happens to the feelings congratulations you've just discovered the code that your nervous system uses to. Define and. Rec and replay your experience it is not the words it is not the story of what's going on it is the structure that is the code that is the program that is running in your minds and in your nervous systems now just for.

Grins and. Giggles make it as big as you can stand it reach it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice what happens to that feeling woohoo what happened. I know what happened to you she's like what happened sir um. I felt fresh.

I just like breathing it's just like very good the perfect now unwrap it lift it up again and just for. GR of. Giggles you can have it back in just a minute throw it all the way behind you back over the horizon make sure if none of it's touching your body as far back as you can. Esther what happened it what you just feel it went away what happened yeah it just suck it just went away right.

So reach up suck it back make it as big as you can stand it and put it where will do the most good congratulations just just learn how to program your own computer okay. The interesting thing is. NLP calls these attributes or these elements and en calls these modalities you have five modalities they are the building blocks of thought these elements these attributes that are within the category of the modality or are sub to the modality and. I'll be obviously calls sub modalities here's the irony of sub modalities they.

Dominate and control your experience. So the order and sequence of the modalities generates the behaviors the proportions and the combinations of the different elements of each submodality as they interact with one another create your experience they are all elements or an alphabet to a code that your nervous system utilizes this is the this is the fundamental building block. But you have to understand something and this is where we we kind of want to make things a little bit simpler while at the same time showing you how comprehensive this whole thing is this is a three-dimensional model it is holographic and fractal what does that mean when. I asked you to point to where you felt it right.

And. I. Had. You.

Reach. Out. And. Touch a picture were you reaching inside your body say no.

Because none of you were going it's not in there godamn it you reached out here didn't you your nervous system or is is relates everything from the periphery to the core of your body. So it has a spatial component a proprioceptive component we call it the grid okay. It's a three-dimensional. XYZ grid that determines where in space certain types of information are projected and stored when people talk and this is where we're getting again into lie detection when people talk how many people do this.

Mary had a little limb it's fleece was white as snow you don't do that unless you're terrified right. That's your. First clue that's actually your. First body language signal the moment you see someone talking to you and all of a sudden their hands and everything stops red flag number one it's called the freeze.

But on on a communication level as we talk as we make emphasis our hands go to certain spatial locations we don't think anything of it consciously or unconsciously. But what we're literally doing is putting our hands in the spatial location that corresponds to the regions in our brain where that information is stored and as we talk and as we move our hands we're literally tracing the flow of those thoughts and the program the circuits it takes in our nervous system all at the the same time okay. Now when it comes to influencing people matching and feeding back their very own gestures is powerful powerful stuff okay. You want to get deep instant rapport with people when it's your turn to talk and any interaction use their gestures to emphasize what you're saying it'll feel weird because it's not yours you'll think oh.

So. Weir. I'm going to get caught you won't because we're just unconscious of it okay. So there's a lot going on at the end of the day we have to be able to pay attention to things that most people just let slide have no.

Idea it's even relevant especially when we're going to talk about lie detection okay. Um for those of you who don't know. I. I am in fact a certified trainer in neural linguistic programming under the founder.

Dr. Richard bamler. I'm a certified hypnosis trainer and a hypnosis teacher. I.

I have a hypnotherapy practice as well as an. NLP and energ energy healing practice in salana beach and what. I do all day long is. I find people who are lying to themselves in some way and trying to bullshits and.

Then thinking otherwise okay. Nobody winds up in my chair because they're being completely honest with themselves okay. The field of lie detection is really the field of pattern recognition it's the art of paying attention okay. And that's what you're going to have to do we're going to start it's going to seem at.

First like. I'm not really teaching you a whole lot when in reality. I'm teaching you to get out of jail free card when some when you don't know what something may or may not mean if you fall back to the very. First few principles that.

I'm going to be talking about you'll be able to figure out what it most likely means okay. The. First thing. I want to talk about again is we want to talk about.

Baseline and paying attention remember the unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly there's usually a a half a. Second to sometimes a full one or two seconds between the nonverbal behaviors the unconscious answer and the verbal ones one of the big things that we want to begin to look. For is discrepancies between the consistency of the verbal and nonverbal we'll cover some of those more more concrete details.

I'm going to give you about s to 10 red flags these are just things if you see them start digging. But there are other things that are even more subtle that we can begin to work and again depending on what direction you want to go how deep down this. Rabbit. Hole you want to dig um we can go there.

I'll take you as far as. I can with the time that. I have and. Then.

I'll show you where to go for more if you want that okay. Which probably will probably take the form of my monthly. Mastermind mentoring program uh because the body the two-day body language training um that. I normally teach we are have it on the schedule this year.

So you're at a lot te te she's like what what all right. So um remember. I said one of the things. I said at the beginning of today's.

Workshop is that what we're really doing is not not really about why detection it's pattern recognition and when we start talking about pattern recognition which is the one thing where all the things that. I do acupuncture and. Oriental medicine is a 5,000 years of pattern recognition on steroids. NLP all about pattern recognition on steroids lie detection and kinesics all about pattern recognition.

Okay. Uh when. I was very young. I was one of those four.

Unfortunate. Souls born with an extremely insensitive nervous system bad hygiene and poor social skills. Therefore. I was often many times the brunt of very unce unfavorable bully style attention.

I got lied to and misused a lot because. I was desperate to be accepted desperate to be liked and. I spent a lot of time being other people's scapegoats. So.

I became somewhat post-traumatic is. I developed a mild case of what we commonly refer to as hyperacuity syndrome uh mostly as a a a way of protecting myself little did. I know 20 30 years. Later that that traumatic childhood would actually.

Bear tremendous fruit in my ability to spot very subtle body language cues. I'm going to ask you to begin to look. For the big stuff. First and understand that sometimes and this is going out for the people on.

YouTube who who maybe have gone through similar things and are going through similar things because. I have students now as young as 15 years old in. Finland and. Norway and stuff like that and one of the things that that.

I really want to want to emphasize is that many times our most powerful most beautiful gifts came from a place where we thought we were just cursed by. God okay. One of the reasons that. I can stand up here in front of you is because of those childhood experiences okay.

I had to do a lot of growth. I had to do a lot of soul searching. But the tech the tools and the techniques and the tactics that came from that. I'm going to share with you tonight because you can start using these right.

Away right. Away um. But you don't have to have come from a harsh background to to benefit from them. So the.

First thing we need to do is we need to pay attention and. NLP would say pay attention to what specifically well that's a good question. So the. First thing we're going to look.

At whatever we walk up to any human being orientation and posture okay. So let's let's talk about this the entire. Spectrum or. Continuum of human.

Rapport the dictionary or the the language of it the way we calibrate it and get used to that word two things you got to learn about you got to pay attention you got to have sensory acuity and you got to calibrate you got to know what the stuff you're seeing hearing or otherwise perceiving means to do that you need to calibrate a. Baseline we'll come back to. Baseline in a minute can. I get a enthusiastic member of the audience to come up and share the line light with me come on you can both come up this actually works better with mail come on up you come on you don't want to come up me you talking to me yo come on now here's how this works if.

I were teaching a dating. Workshop it'd be even more fun you'd be having a lot more fun with this stand back to back please good now here's what. I want you to understand come on here just a little bit perfect not you. I stop following her.

I know she's magnetic well you ruined my game yeah. I ruined your game rubbing butts on camera for. YouTube is probably not the best way to go about getting her positive attention. But here's the thing if if.

I were teaching a flirting or attraction. Workshop this would be very relevant as well in terms of lie detection it's going to be extreme. But just for different reasons even though it's the same stuff the. Crux of human interaction or going from stranger to intimacy starts with two things two primary elements proximity and orientation now one of the things that we are going to kind of skip over in terms of um proxemic is the study actually is social intimate we're going to skip those ideas because they're going to change depending on what culture you're in.

But one thing is true of. I'm. All. Humans human beings start off with zero.

Rapport they're moving away from each other they have no. Affinity for one another you got this or in some cases when you have a negative. Affinity in other words they have hostility or antipathy for one another they are moving away from each other correct that's going to be a very key factor as we get deeper into this because one of the things that's going to happen is you're going to find out that people will uncon consciously move away from stress and lying is one of the most stressful activities we can have short of marriage by the way. I'm just teasing.

Mom okay. So what happens now is these people are going to move from complete stranger or a complete enemy to either friendship or at least um a peace treaty this is going to happen they're going to go neutral right. As these people begin to develop more and more report to things happen orientation will suddenly shift orientation will suddenly shift proximity just a little bit begin to close proximity will shift and they're already starting to feel a little weird to this this is what in in body language in the what we call the mating dance this would be what we call full synchronization this is where actually their heartbeats and many times are literally beating at the same time okay. This would be where 1 + 1 equal 3 do the math guys all right.

Thank you back up just a little bit now the most common scenario that you'll see in a dating or a singles bar looks like this what can you tell from this positioning try try to sell her he's trying to sell her yeah different levels of. Interest ah in that and very good very different different levels of. Interest who's more interested the guys ah. So.

Then if we reverse the dynamic look. What happen her this by the way happens a lot one of the secrets to this body language stuff. I'm teaching you is it's a feedback loop if one person assumes that holds a specific phys phology congruently the other person will start to take on the complimentary physiology just like you saw this is where we go beyond just understanding what a body language gesture means. But actually using it to influence that's a different training okay.

But you saw how she just naturally kind of fell in place and felt right. To do that right. This is what we want to start to pay attention to how how much are they how how synergistic or how um congruent symmetrical are they when they align right. The other thing we want to do when we start to look.

At posture and we start to look. At orientation you want to divide the body now upper and lower now in this case they're all very very congruent right. But let's suppose she takes her foot or both feet and points it that way. But she keeps her upper body this way what just happened um can.

I say you can say it the tenative she's waiting she's getting ready to make the 60 yard dash for the front door yes. Exactly she she's ready to. GW her arm off to get away yes. Right.

Here's the secret to understanding this on a macro level this will happen everywhere in every culture in every social interaction if someone is does not want to be there whatever the reason maybe she's got you know maybe she's got to pick her kid up at the you know at the daycare maybe she's got another hot date downtown maybe mom just called and her parakeet having an existential crisis we don't know right. But for some reason she wants she she wants to beat feet literally and her feet will show the way your feet are the most honest body part you have it's the one we pay the least amount of conscious attention to does that make sense. So let's say for instance that our our two young whatever we want to call them potential good friends are having an argument or actually they're having a discussion and our our. Charming suen deboner young man says something that's a little abrasive abrupt and all of a sudden you see this just a little bit of a what just happened what just happened she pulled back she pulled back right.

She won't even know she did it most of the time she won't realize it it's a stress response. But to the person who knows how to pay attention it just say sent him a world of information say slow down see biscuit back up what did you just say right. And within a couple seconds she'll realize she she got upset about something remember our conscious mind is always playing catchup with the rest of us. So the.

First thing we want to look. At whenever we're judging are people do people want to be there do they not want to be there posture and body orientation starting from the feet right. Because we can sit there and hold your gaze and. I will practice.

I we have lots of practice keeping a straight face keep an eye contact we have the most control over the face. But the moment we get into a situation that starts to cause us stress that they just red flag number one okay. Now it's one. Q which.

Absolut means absolutely nothing which brings us to lie detection 101 the nut. Sy bol of. But this. I want you to understand this.

Paradigm of symmetry versus asymmetry of proximity versus orientation because it will be everywhere and you can look. At any two or more people interacting you can know who the. Rapport leader is you can know know who's leading the dance who wants to get away right. Who's really close.

Okay. People who are intimate don't lead with their upper body they lead with their lower body okay. Go look. At people who have purely how do how to friends hug how to lovers hug right.

Right. Give these guys you be big round of applause okay. Just from posture and body orientation right. If people have a very upright.

Posture they're taking up a lot of space they're probably not lying or at least they're a lot more relaxed when they lie and that's really what we're talking about we're talking about stress stress can be positive or it can be. Nega negative whether we're talking about attraction cues which is the inverse in many cases of uh of line detection you will see very very sometimes very very similar body language cues. So you have to pay attention to the context people who are feeling a lot of. Attraction who really want to impress somebody who feel that they may be being viewed less than positively will start to exibit similar stress responses.

So you got to be be sure of what you're looking at okay. So the. First thing we have to do is understand two principles one is called. Baseline the other's called clustering.

Baseline means remember. I said you need three things you need to pay attention you need sensory acuity and you need to calibrate what does calibrate mean you technical types relative right. Relative strength okay. We're measuring what change right.

Well in order to measure change we have to have something to measure against don't we. So anytime you're going to begin the process of detecting or. C or or checking to see if somebody could potentially be lying not telling the whole truth we'll cover the different classes of lies in just a minute the. First thing you have to know is what is their.

Baseline in terms of vogg we'll just leave this off for now what do their pupils look. Like are they big or they small. I call that the pupil dance okay. We'll talk about pupil's a lot.

Later on auditory how fast are they talking how slow are they talking how many nonwords are they using fluence non fluencies right. Ums s. O's how do they change right. Their body language what's their posture and orientation what kind of extraneous body movements will cover these are they exhibiting or not exhibiting now that they weren't a moment ago right.

You got to know this. First you got to know what their normal mode of operating is before you can begin to calculate deviance or change if you don't you're just guessing right. Yes. How do you know.

First thing you want to do is get. Rapport and if you know this person already review their their normal their normal mannerisms their normal behaviors and. Then use that to measure against as you begin to introduce more stress into the system okay. Now many times when they're going through one of the different types of lives um it will be around a specific topic okay.

And. So what we want to do is we want to know what this person we want to do everything we can. First to bring this person to a comfortable state. So we can get a clear.

Baseline. But if all you do is take take their. Baseline the moment you walk up and before you approach that's good enough because if you're doing the interview stuff that. I'm going to be talking about or even worse the interrogative interrogatory stuff the stress levels are going to you're going to start bumping up the stress levels and they're going to get what we call deception leakage they're going to start doing things differently and most specifically around certain types of topics okay.

Remember nothing that they're going to exhibit by itself indicates lying it's only when the behaviors repeat on a consistent basis in that context or a relevant a relative context that they start to become potentially relevant the. Next part we got to look. For is this thing we call clustering clustering is any two or more behavioral cues that deviate from the. Baseline within a certain time period usually 1 to 5.

Seconds either before or after you ask the question or they make the statement. I'm going to make it a little broad one to 5 seconds it's probably closer to 1 to 3 seconds right. But this is just a world according to. David these two if you don't have these you got nothing you got guess work okay.

So already there's a lot of information to track isn't there this is why the best trained lawyers in the country in the world have about a 60% hit rate okay. Yeah being a good liar doesn't make you good at catching lies either okay. I'm actually. I have a little uh little essay that.

I'm going to read to you it's how to tell the perfect lie it's a little bonus right. I maybe you're going to you learn how how to detect you might as well learn how to tell them right. Uh there's a book. You want to get called an actor prepars by.

Constantin stanislowski again an actor prepares by. Constantine stanislowski he's a very famous. Russian acting teacher uh. I think he's actually the father of method acting okay.

And uh one of the leading experts on my detection uh and emotion is a guy by the name of. Dr. Paul emman and in his book. Uh telling lies.

I think it is he actually in in the appendix to this book. He actually goes through some of the. PE the categories of people who are very very very very difficult to tell that they're lying and one of the. First ones he mentioned is anybody who studied at actor prepars by.

Constantine. Dennis lowski okay. You're going to find that catching people in a lie it's going to go all the way back it's always going to go back to the amount of stress that you're imposing on them the longer somebody has had to prepare the less likely you are to catch them unless you can jack up the emotions or the stakes are really really high okay. Then there's another smaller category of human being that don't have process emotions the way that the rest of us do we call them.

Psychopaths. So past and narcissists they process a little bit different okay. Narcissists tend to be still a little bit more on the emotional side okay. Uh.

But sociopaths. Psychopaths um they don't they're not wired like we are. So we got to look. A little bit differently.

So one of the thing one of the books that you may want to use to supplement that is this thing called the psychopath test. I told you. I was going to give you good right. There's also another book.

Called. The psychopath. Next store and for those of you who want to have a little little less ease sleeping at night uh when the. CDC says we have an epidemic how what percentage do they have do they go by to determine if we have an epidemic or not.

CDC is the. CDC oh. Center for. Disease.

Control 5%. I think it's a little less than that actually 2% let's say 2% current studies show us that the percentage of sociopathic people in our culture is right. Around 4%. So and those are the people that went to the multiple choice test said yes.

I a sociopath. I have no. Idea how they came to that. But it's worth knowing okay.

Not every sociopath is going to be a violent criminal although they could be they could flip that switch easily okay. What's the definition of a soci sociopath is somebody who who basically has no. Ethical or moral consideration and in many cases doesn't even have the organic circuitry for it okay. They're um they they they don't they have they mimic emotions.

But they don't have them as we understand them in fact they often look. At us like we're from another planet because what they see you know we see them as being somehow defective while they look. At us the same way because we're slaves to our emotions and we are human beings as much as we like to think we're logical rational creatures we aren't okay. We're animals who learn to think and we make our decisions based on feelings and.

Then justify them with the facts that fit through our perceptual filters. So would. Dr. Spock be a well adjusted.

I mean. Spock the logic guy in. Star. Wars he he be would he be considered well again talk personality you know what.

I don't know. I think. I think they. I think.

Ren went to. Great. Lengths to to demonstrate the uh the deficits or the the drawbacks to being a purely logical creature sociopaths aren't logical either oh okay. They are completely impulse driven they also don't believe in consequences they they're in the moment they they don't you know they'll tell one lie to get something and.

Then if they get caught they'll tell a bigger lie to get out of it okay. Um. So again the whole idea is just watch out for these people the only way to really prepare yourself is to know what the signs are ignorance is not. Bliss in this case right.

That doesn't mean go around being paranoid does go mean go around being careful right. But if you meet people and you happen to find a trail of broken. Twisted people in their life that they had nothing to do with what's the common denominator in all those people right. Which is kind of interesting because as a hypnotist.

I hear they not. I don't get sociopaths. But. I as a hypnotist.

I. I get the litany all the time people come in and they tell me 20 years of. SB and woe and it's the same pattern repeating over and over again this person did that and. Then that person did this to me and this what's the common denominator in all those you right.

Interestingly and as an aside to this um and again. I'm not condoning this or or thinking it's cool. But there is a percentage of everybody here knows about the crime rape right. You know how that works one of the things that is interesting is that a a certain percentage of women who are in fact raped are raped more than once by different people and the the psychologists and the researchers have isolated or or they believe they have a theory that there's a certain behavior that these women have in their unconscious templates their imprints that signals to that other type of mindset a potential victim and.

So one of the things that. I'm starting to do with a lot of my patients and lot of my clients is we start going through and we start trying to create better sting mechanisms early. Warning. Systems.

So that they can systematically detect what used to be their their type in the past and filter out people or circumstances that could lead to those kinds of things that's just something we do in the clinic um. But it is there it's in it's in the literature it's in the studies. So again a lot of the things that we pull into our life or don't pull into our life or programmed into us at a time in our life where we had no. Critical.

Factor we had no. Filters whatsoever um and. So a lot of our stress responses will actually mimic those of our parents believe it or not because we identify with them at a very early age in fact pretty much from the age of. Z to 5 there is no.

There is no. Me we have no. No. Identity filter until right.

Around 5ish uh until. Then. Mommy and. Daddy are us that's where we started and until we.

Vel that sense of self that's how we go through life okay. And they can be changed you're not broken you just got some stuff on your you just need your hard drive def fraged a little bit all right. So. First thing.

Baseline clustering what are some things that we can begin to look. For again when we're interacting with people we're going to look. At posture and orientation and. I want to look.

As as a an interaction all things being equal as we move towards greater and greater intimacy greater and greater trust we should start to see this subtle reorientation as people move to intimacy and. Trust if at some point we ask a question or say something and we see this doesn't look. Like a big deal and it isn't yet why because it's only one thing. But let's say.

I do something like this okay. This brings us to again another reptilian response what do lizards have to do with this everything okay. You have three brains you know this right. This means just know by the way in the back of the room is my lovely daughter.

Tracy. Tracy hey. Tracy she's the one that harasses you all endlessly when you try to make your free consults and stuff we have a ton of of coffee and. CH chocolate back there eat as much as humanly possible.

I. I have split tested this. So. So specifically.

I know exactly what kind of chocolate you'll go for. First. Second and. Third.

First you'll eat all the dark chocolate there's nothing back there bastard. Then you'll eat all the white chocolate it's gone and you leave all the milk chocolate for me you got lots of it. I'm going to start buying rollos stop buying milk chocolate if. I could.

I would actually if. I could get all dark chocolate and all white chocolate. I would. But they don't sell them that way okay.

So you have three brains lie detection is a stress response it's it's it's actually measuring and calibrating responses to stress remember the lizard brain moves towards pleasure and away from pain the reptile brain the. Paleo cortex as the. Russian. Sports psychologists like to refer to it okay.

There is a small. Elite culture of lawyers personal injury attorneys who follow a persuasion system known as reptile it is all about how to structure and present to the reptile brain. So that and they're winning billions and billions of dollars worth of uh judgments by presid presenting to the reptile brain and it's based on this idea the lizard runs towards pleasure and away from. Pain stress the kind we're dealing with is pain can stress be pleasurable yeah okay.

This will become a little bit more relevant when we start talking a little bit more about what we call duping. Delight which is you seen a lot in narcissists you see a lot in some sociopaths. But you can also see it in regular normally wired human beings where people take great pleasure in getting away with something right. When the human organism experiences pain whether real or imagined it moves away and it will do it physiologically.

First okay. So if we're if we're exhibiting one level of comfort and all of a sudden something gets uncomfortable we'll move away from it okay. Wrapped around your paleo cortex is what we call the limic system or your emotional brain this is the part of you that works in base feelings your reptile brain works in. Primal drives do.

I eat it do. I fornicate with it do. I fight it right. Or do.

I feed on it. Primal drives are in fact feelings. But not all feelings all all drives are feelings. But and all emotions are feelings.

But not all emotions are drives the way it works is your paleo cortex has an urge it needs to has a drive it needs to satisfy the need for safety the need for to move the genes forward the need to achieve status within an organization. Then what it does is it generates an emotion it wraps that drive around an em emotion around that drive it's that emotion that starts to stimulate the. Next layer of your brain known as your neocortex the new layer literally means the new layer it is the rational lying brain okay. Its job is to generate a reasonable story to justify the behaviors you generate to satisfy your emotional and.

Primal drives both to yourself and to society because. The. Reptilian level social status equals survival at. The.

Reptilian level social status equals survival oh yeah this is why we lie to be popular okay. Remember the reptile does not care about morality the rep reptile does not care about ethics the reptile does not care about the laws of society the reptile wants what the reptile wants the reptile wants to have its food and it wants your food and it has no. Problem taking your food all those social considerations and all those other things they come. Later they come.

Later in the process okay. But on a more functional level anytime we generate a rationale we generate that rationale or that story to justify those behaviors for two reasons a we have to be congruent to our sense of self our self-image that we've created okay. When we identify with something it becomes as much a part of us as our arm or our leg. So if we have a certain set of morals or values that we've identified with as being our self-concept who we are we will fight just as hard to protect and be true to those as we will to protect our arm or our leg this is why in in the fields of persuasion and influence we talk about talking to a person's criteria and values and that people cannot physically go against their criteria and values without experiencing.

IM intense physical and emotional pain it's very very difficult. So anytime we have to protect ourselves or to gain something we have to generate a strong enough emotion that can either override that need to to be congruent with that sense of self or what. Society has taught us or to justify it to ourselves that it was okay. To do that okay.

Now when the system tends to break down is when we start doing things that are way out of kilter okay. We have to really really generate motion. But the most more stress you have in the system the faster the uh energy that allows you to process and make those critical logical decisions goes away your willpower is a finite resource okay. It's based on two things the amount of sleep that you've had which.

I'm operating on very little today. I have a f a one-year-old that just discovered it's fun to get up four times a night and wander around the house okay. And the amount of blood sugar in your system okay. When we're fully rested and we have a full tank of blood sugar we have for all intents and purposes the functional units that drive our willpower the faster we burn it up which we do every time we have to exert emotional or willpower is burned up whenever we have to exert control over an emotion or a drive every time we get an urge or have a sudden emotional flare off and we don't want to explode all over the people around us we call up our our willpower and how much is in our tank to control it it's the that battle between the willpower and the drives that give us deception leakage yes.

When you're under stress you lose weight or you gain it you see what happens is when the tank is empty the body goes on autopilot you default to hedonistic pre-programmed emotional responses that's why you could be on day 27 of your diet you have a day at the office had a wife argument with your with your wife for your your husband that morning got stuck in traffic on the way home you come home go to use the restroom fall in toilet cuz your husband left the seat [Music] up and. Next thing you know you're down in the kitchen eating the leftover pizza from three nights ago and and half a six-pack okay. Because when the stress level hits and we don't have enough. Reserve in the tank the system goes on autopilot this is important because when somebody lies to you they're going to experience stress the question becomes are you going to have the wherewithal to become aware of the red flags when they happen and do you have the intestinal fortitude to pursue it this brings us to the question no.

Not can we detect lie it comes to the question of whether we should here's the thing you understand about lying most people know when they're being lied to they just pretend they don't they want to believe the lie because the pain of knowing the truth is too much. So if you're going to start chasing down lies how far are you willing to go you got to know that it's easy to sit there and say oh. I'll go all the way. I don't think.

So. I don't think. So okay. You will lose friends you will lose relationships and it will not be pleasant right.

Now. I'm not saying don't catch people lying. I'm saying know how far you're willing to take it know how much information you need to acquire before you're ready to make a decision one way or the other because you will never know sure of catching somebody in the act or a video camera or something like that you will never know 100% that they're lying. So you have to decide what's the percentage that.

I'm willing to run with and am. I okay. With my decision now most courses on line detection they won't they won't cover that because most people who are teaching line detection are cops yeah they're. X cops and the question become you know when you're a cop it's very very simple.

I'm going to do everything. I can to make you confess within my rules okay. See a cop will you know or an interrogator will do everything to befriend you and and make you feel comfortable and make you feel like he's on your side just. So you'll say yeah.

I did it and you had it coming because at the end of the day the cop doesn't care why you did it all they care about is did is it black or white did you do it or didn't it off to the. Pokey you go we don't always have that option things are not as cut and dried for us. So as you begin to explore this idea of detecting falsehoods and we're going to cover the the red flags and. Then we're going to.

I'm going to take a few questions maybe during the break or something like that to kind of determine the direction that you want to go um because again it can be everything from catching a cheating spouse to finding someone who stole your your your earrings or someone you know interviewing a caregiver talking to your kids about drugs. I mean there's all kinds of questioning protocols and there's interrogation protocols that we can use. But at the end of the day what we're looking for is a baseline we're looking for changes in that. Baseline of two or more characters.

I'm going to give you a bunch of them there's thousands of them none of them by themselves mean anything okay. If. I have time maybe we'll play with access. I access and qes which have absolutely nothing to do with fly detection.

But they're cool to work with and it's a good way to introduce you to gu do you also um cover just communication over the phone detecting the light yes. When you when you start listening to communication over the phone now you're going to go back to the auditory component. I right. Here uh how fast does their uh does their speech go how does it change when you br bring up the topic in question do the amount of non non words or nonf fluencies change you know do they start going uh do they stutter do they choke do they clear their throat those are all deviations from how they normally speak.

So when they change the subject all the time that's pretty good yeah many times when people are changing the subject they have no. Attention span like me or they're deflecting and you know we'll cover that again and we have different layers of behavior and. Then you'll get to the point where you get people who are they're they know they're in a they're in a a war to find you know either they're either going to believe them or not and they'll go through the basic denial bargaining depression anger these are all very very traditional uh ways of either admitting things without admitting things or trying to lessen the sentence because they know they're going to get nailed eventually or something these are again how far down that rabbit hole do you want to go what's our time. Tracy about 8:00 8:00 here's what we're going to do since we've been going about an hour and.

I don't know about you guys. But. I've got all these spotlights on me and. So.

I'm slowly dehydrating and melting into a puddle of. Goo. So uh is is. Eddie back here don't you go grab.

Eddie while. I kind of intro him uh we have been very fortunate the past four three or four years to have have been housing our meetups and our trainings here and uh the the person who runs this particular. Phil is named. Eddie.

Lane and uh even though he just in the back there he's give him a big round of applause for providing an amazing facility interestingly just as a quick decide how many people here really like to go cool places and do cool stuff raise your hand okay. How many people like to travel to cool places and do cool stuff how many people would like to travel to cool places do cool stuff for cheap of course okay. A couple of weeks back or about a month or. So back.

Eddie came up to me and he said. David uh got a an idea that might be cool a couple of them actually see. First of all how would you like to take your show on the road. I was like what well you know.

I run this travel club right. And. I go all these places for really cheap how would you like to to teach. NLP in.

Cancun or. Greece or. Australia all over the world and. I'm like do.

I have to pay he's like no. Um and. So. I got.

I got kind of excited about it. But. I'm a little skeptical about anything that's smacks of. MLM.

But that aside uh. Eddie came to me and he said look. You're doing some good work here you're helping a lot of people we'd like to sponsor your meetups we'd like to to help you out and kind of uh support you and. So.

Eddie has been kind of become one of our sponsors for. NLP power um through the travel. Club through vision pulse and. I just wanted to recognize.

I didn't give him a big round of applause and say thank you for that that being said. I'd like to introduce our. SP one of our sponsors for tonight uh the master of bucket list travel and don't let the size of his hair for you he's really a good guy and before you go rushing back to sign up with. Eddie and do whatever you're going to do make sure you it's something that's a fit for you and it fits in your schedule.

But for all intents and purposes. I like to turn as we break and you go back and eat all the chocolate and drink all the coffee and barrage me with questions use the restroom which by the way uh if you need to use the ladies restroom uh this one has for some reason suffered a fatality and. So there's a code right. Here 24860 star if you go out and around the building on the right.

Hand side you'll see the women's room you need to enter that code now what. Eddie does he he's memory impaired. So he takes a picture of it on his iPhone explain that one to the wife. But.

Anyway if you need to use the restroom go there the men's room is still working. But there's also a men's room out there if there's a line for that as well. So without further. Ado.

I'd like to introduce. Eddie. Lane ask of bucket. L travel and tonight's sponsor for.

NLP power. I know all night long you've been wanting to get laid. I'm always. I have.

I have a meet up for that do you want do you want this or can you hear n you guys can hear me all right. Before you go to the toilet yeah. I do. I've done that before it's weird.

First of all. I want to welcome. Vision we've been here for 10 years in this complex. I'll do that soon as they come back people like.

David. So if you need a place for events parties showcases fashion shows movies wild animal actx all sorts of stuff we do that right. Even a wild animal anyhow uh. David already lined it all up we also have a segment in our program it's our bucket.

L travel club and you already answered the right. Question you like the vacation right. Yeah you like to have fun right. Okay.

Well. So why. So. I kind of made that happen in my life after.

I unfortunately watch someone die in my life and it kind of. Shook. And. Rattle.

My. Cage that it's never too late to go out and have fun. So. I manifested into my life a pretty awesome cool club uh that we travel the world everybody have great attitudes have a lot of fun and.

I just got back from. South. Padre. Island.

Last week. I was in. Bermuda in. December.

I was on 12 vacations. Last year still managing to don't have any time to go vacation. I have the answer. So if you're interested in find upstairs two awesome you can eat more on that cruise than it cost you for the whole.

Cruise in the. First in. So who likes to eat lik to have fun likes to save money wants. TOS who likes to air out their armpits for no.

Reason to do that. So that's what we do got some information back there um. David and. I are working on some plans where uh we're putting together some packages where you can go on an.

NLP program around the world um. So if you want to buy in something like that go on one of those great trips that would be awesome also working on some concerts uh afloat on the boat we've got a a. Blues. Cruise coming up and uh we've got some other things we call anybody in film industry here anybody want to be in movies you pict okay.

I also in the film industry and we uh we're taking the show on the road with that too and we're doing some things called film. Vacations. So it's a vacation where we shoot a film. So we need an extras we need people to act we need people to like pretend they're drinking no.

Pretending all included. So that's all the fun stuff. I'm pretty much done with my little speech. Ola if anybody's interested.

I'll be back there answering some questions and can give you some cards. Yeah. Eddie used to send me all these weird uh weird photographs from all over the world. I he weirded me out when he sent me the one from.

Transylvania dressed as. Dracula it was kind of kind of a bizarre thing dress that the one thing uh before. I. I give you guys your break um and.

I. I neglected to mention this in my in my. Zeal to let. Eddie have the stage um because.

I just wanted to get away no. Um everybody who came out tonight and sat through my. Spiel and. Eddy's um.

I have a free gift for everyone normally to walk into my door get out of here only me to walk into my door it's $175 an hour okay. Now the work that. I do uh in salana. Beach clinically.

I deal everything from ocds to post-traumatic stress to acute and chronic illness. I tumors multiple sclerosis. Parkinson's disease we just had another. Parkinson's person come in uh to uh during the week.

But everybody who comes came out tonight and is coming through the the the long drawn out slugfest that is an. NLP power seminar uh. I would like to give you all a free gift. I'd like to invite each and every one of you uh to come visit me for a free 30 minute consultation um uh where we can actually see if what.

I do is a fit for you know the things you want in life. I'm not what we do isn't a fit for everybody uh. But if all you want to do is just come out and ask me questions for 30 minutes you can do that okay. Uh all you need to do uh because.

I'm starting a training. Next week a 5-day hypnosis training here um we we don't have a lot of time slots available right. Away. So uh see.

Tracy if you want to do it um there's no. Cost there's no. Obligation and if. I can help you.

I'll tell you if. I can't. I'll tell you where to go what. I mean what.

I meant by that what. I meant by that was if. I can help you. I'll tell you and if.

I if what you do or what you need is not a fit for what. I do. I will do everything in my power to find a resource for you even if it's just a book. That will help you move forward okay.

But. I wanted to offer that gift as well as encourage you to eat whatever chocolate's left please just eat it all cuz. I also do weight loss to 15minute break come back we'll get into some hardcore body language stuff sorry sir.
