Title: Face Reading for Fun And Profit - How To Read Anyone Instantly
File Name: mBygy7Y7Jrk.txt
Video Id: mBygy7Y7Jrk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBygy7Y7Jrk

Hello hello hello and welcome to uh secrets of face reading for fun and profit i'm dr david snyder doctor acupuncture in chinese medicine i want to welcome you all to uh what i hope will be one of the most educational and amazing three or four hours of your life ever. So before we get started a couple of things i just want to get some basic administrative stuff out of the way. So. First and foremost um let me just get my standard disclaimer out of the way and and we'll go from there if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you you might want to spend that you might want to find a better place to spend the.

Next four hours. However if you like no. Bs hardcore action um you know actionable material that you can take out into the world and start using right. Away.

Then i think you're going to be in store for a really big treat that being said a couple of things um if this is your. First time checking in with us do a couple of things for me if you would please. First and foremost um type your name where your cut where you're checking in from um and. First time into your chat this will be a very um i'm very interactive instructor and i.

So the more i can get feedback from you as an audience the happier i tend to be there will be times where i'm going to follow a powerpoint there'll be times when i'll be getting more organic and that brings us to the. Next point if you're kind of conditioned to uh a 90-minute webinar where you know you log on the guy goes through 20 minutes of why you should buy his stuff followed by a bunch of books teasing cool material and things of that nature and. Then more rounds of buy my stuff in various ones kind of like an infomercial you're probably going to be a little disappointed there will be an offer hey john welcome there will be an offer connected to this particular class and it is a class. So please make sure you have things to write with as well as there will be exercises that we may or may not do depending on where the class wants to go.

So here's how it will work uh for the. First uh 60-ish minutes give or take i will deliver as much actionable workable real world take it out tonight and start playing with it uh material as possible at about the 55-minute mark the the one hour five minute mark something like that i will present to you uh a special training package that i've put together to help you take your your uh learning to the. Next level and the reason i did this is because um if for example this is the scope of everything there is to learn uh with this this concept of face reading and physiognomy and how it relates to neuroscience and behavior personality and temperament we have time for this much. So my commitment to you is i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i will point you in the direction of where to go to take the.

Next step is that a fair trade for me to deliver as much content as humanly possible and. Then point you in the direction of where to go for more if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chat for me just. So um i can see where that we're all okay. With that cool okay.

And again those of you joining us through youtube there is a about a 30. Second delay 30 to 60 seconds between when something i say on video is launched through zoom and when it shows up in your platform. However the chats are in real time a couple of things for those of you who have questions and i love questions by the way i should probably tell you that right. Up front.

However uh and the better the questions many times the better the lesson. But the more questions i answer the more off topic or into little sidebars and rabbit holes we tend to go and as much as i love rabbit holes and sidebars um i like to stick i have a format that i follow. So let me just finish explaining that. So for the.

First 55 to 65 minutes i will be delivering as much hard-hitting simple easy to use followable content as i can things you don't have to believe any of it just go out and play with it and see how it works for you if it works keep it come back for more take the. Next step whatever it need whatever you need to do for you if it doesn't work find something that um if that you know that that works for you i see questions already uh if for some reason i do not answer your question during the webinar which may or may not happen um after a while the things are going by. So quick i either don't see them or by the time i think to answer them something else has caught my attention if that's the case what i want you to do is what i'd like you to do is i'd like you to when this particular version of the webinar goes live on youtube go to the comments section and in the comment section below this webinar type your question i always go back and i always read the comments for youtubers and i always read the chats for my zoomers. So i will be reading your questions i will be reading your comments and i will answer them if i don't answer them uh during the during the webinar okay.

So for about 60 65 minutes we're going to deliver hardcore content i'm going to teach you about the offer that i put together to help you take your training further. Then the best part is when you stay to the end of the webinar best part is i'm going to circle back to the content and we're going to continue to teach for another hour hour and a half. However long uh. However long you guys want to stay on my job when we do these things is to teach you something cool that you can go out and use to make your world a better place and.

Then. Finally to show you how to take the. Next step. But the best part about any of the technologies that we share with you any of the technologies that we teach you don't got to believe it for it to work you just got to do it that's that's kind of what sets us apart and and all the people in planet david apart from most of what you'll encounter you don't got to believe it for it to work now i asked the people who are brand new to type in new.

First timer in the chat now those of you who've been be bopping around planet dave you've been watching our videos on youtube or facebook. Or wherever it is just type in your name uh veteran in the chat and uh you know. So people can and the reason i'm asking is going back to that idea about questions many times as i'm teaching i have a structure i have to follow i have commitments i have to keep and because of that um i don't always get to the questions. But there are tons of people in the chat right.

Now who have been using these technologies who've been playing with them out in the field anywhere from a week to 10 12 years those of you who are veterans in planet david if you see a question that i did not answer that you have direct experience with using our technologies please answer those people right. You have my permission to do that right. As long as it doesn't distract from the flow of the webinar and things of that nature. So by all means you know we can you expect me to have an agenda you expect me to you know say buy my stuff my stuff is the best it'll change your life well of course it will.

But don't trust me right. Believe the other people in the chat ask questions um we do have somebody playing whack a troll. So if somebody decides to misbehave there won't even be a warning they'll just ban you. So um we don't normally have a big problem with that.

But every now and. Then we get a few. So hey bobby welcome aboard uh. So that being said here's uh are you i'm about to start the david dog and pony show.

So once again if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you probably time to bail because stuff's about to get real you know if this is the scope of everything there is to teach we have time for this i'll take you as far as i can in the short time that we have i'll point you in the direction of where to go. Next with that i'm going to teach for as much as i can for about the. First hour or. So i'm going to present our offer once that's done i'm going to circle back i'm going to continue to teach.

So you guys ready for the david dog and pony show type yes. I'm ready if you're if uh in the chat he's right. Welcome chris hey he's verdell cool kevin says let's go all right. Nice welcome guy i know there's names flying by really fast here all right.

Without further ado i present to you look. I made a funny there how to instantly read people's personalities in just minutes if you stay with me on the webinar today i'm dr david snyder i'm going to show you in very concrete verifiable ways how to understand how people think feel and behave just by looking at their face i'm going to teach you how to find spot and uncover where they've marked hidden traumas that you can actually go in and help people to release i'm going to teach you how to read people's repressed emotions very very powerful and once you have all those things you'll know in a very very succinct way how to profile them which gives you the ability to actually know how to influence and persuade them and. Then if we have time and i cover this in in pieces throughout the webinar. But we'll teach you how to measure sexual and romantic compatibility this kind of goes back to what we call chinese five element theory and and what we call law of identification.

But. Anyway. So that's what we've got planned for you today. So many times when i begin this uh this journey into things people often ask me okay.

Well who is dr david snyder and why should i care well. First and foremost i am an actual doctor of acupuncture and chinese medicine i graduated from pacific college of oriola medicine i've been a licensed acupuncturist since uh 2006 2005-2006 when i moved to san diego california to share a practice with my now wife dr don liu and my specialty clinically has been treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotions. So while most hypnotherapists most nlp practitioners they deal with a lot of weight loss a lot of public speaking and fears which we do deal with um smoke cessation things of that nature we tended to get right. Off the bat i was working almost exclusively off medical referrals.

So i i tended to get more chronic pain physiological illness due to repressed emotion which was pretty much cancer parkinson's disease multiple sclerosis most forms of chronic illness can be traced back to some kind of memory based incident that is lodged in the system and the chinese medical model you know acknowledges that from 2500 years ago if not longer modern science is now coming to this conclusion as well and. So you got this merging of two different paradigms proving the same thing that most of the stuff that makes us sick most of the stuff that holds us back most of the stuff that marks us physically is emotional memory locked in the body that has not been fully processed and that was what leads to many forms of physical and emotional illnesses and. So that's what i've been focusing on and specializing in clinically in terms of my clinical applications my clinical work since about 2006. However i'm a specialist in strategic human influence technologies and uh for those of you who may not be familiar with my work in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org i am a certified uh nlp trainer and master hypnotist i've offered over 15 different programs on various forms of human influence everything from how to cure traumas and release traumas to advanced influence persuasion marketing sales attraction and dating and blading i've created a numeral courses from the most fundamental to the vibrational and we can talk about those you know ad nauseam.

But again um we are quite prolific in terms of the content we produce um. So here you see a copy of our global guru's uh naming and. Then of course this was kind of a surprise for us i don't know if you guys can see that because my i have my my powerpoint really small here. But this says dear dr david it's a great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for neuro linguistic programming you can see that here and again here is a copy of the global gurus page now this is from.

Last year. So new rankings have come out that we haven't published yet and we'll be doing that shortly. But i just wanted to share that with you really quickly i also have a black uh a very extensive background in the martial arts grand master tenth three black belt in rue kyu kempo karate fourth degree black belt shaolin kung tao. Second degree black belt kosho kampuru.

First to be black belt fonku jiu jitsu certified instructor and combat system which by the way if you're going to work in the neuro influence field i have not found a better art than russian systema because they have more ways of messing with people's neurologies than any system i've ever come across including tai chi. So just just my my biased opinion. But i'm also a certified instructor in cinco manuscrima as well as modernist basic instructor i have a lot of background in energetics um this class won't particularly touch a lot on the energetic side of my life or or how it applies it's more on the go out and do this and watch how people respond to you kind of a thing i'm a reiki master teacher i've been a reiki master since before reiki was even cool i've also been studying cabala since about the same time before madonna even heard of kabbalah. So i'm very much a prima donna you know i'm an advanced chronic healer and certified advanced chronic psychotherapist i'm advanced dna theta healer and manifestation t uh practitioner i'm certified in the banks and energy healing system and i practice a variety and teach a variety of various qigong systems.

So if you look. At all this you know this this laundry list of stuff you may be asking the question what does all this happen you know what all these things have in common what does all this have to do with face reading well two words pattern recognition and everything and the reason i say this is because when we start to unpack human beings what we see is an interlocking connection on loops of patterns and structure everything human beings do follows a pattern everything human beings think and say and behave has a structure to it and those structures leave clues when you understand how to look. At the structures and the processes that are inherent in people people's the mystery behind most people begins to kind of unlock itself and you begin to be able to look. At people know who they are where they're coming from even if you don't know the specifics of it you know the general patterns of the life they've led it's literally written all over their face and because you can do that you can create a profile in your mind and extrapolate and predict how they might think or behave given certain stimuli certain types of situations.

So the bottom line is what does all these things have to do with uh you know face reading everything everything that we do is going to go back to how the human nervous system processes thoughts feelings and emotions okay. Um let me go back to my screen really quickly uh where did it go here we go sorry. So is this class for you well if you can answer yes. To any of the following questions.

Then this is probably a good place for you to be. So type yes. In the chat if any of these things apply to you would you like to be more attractive to the opposite sex and make them find you charming fascinating and or irresistible would you like to figure out how to banish fear and insecurity from your life maybe even learn how to radiate more confidence and charisma let me tell you something when you can look. At somebody's face and know the secret emotions under the surface it gives you a lot more security when dealing with them because hey you realize that most people are more nervous about stuff than you are right.

They're very self-absorbed if you'd like to make more money from your job book. More clients for your business get that raise or promotion you know you deserve you're going to get some powerful master keys in today's class if you'd like to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people if you'd like to be able to spot difficult people before they even open their mouth this is probably a good place for you to be right. If you like to program yourself and clear your blocks to success and create massive financial abundance and generate more and more money this is a good place for you to be because we'll show you on the face uh some of the places that indicate people who have a tendency to be good earners. So to speak if you'd like to learn how to inspire and motivate your employees and and work with them more directly this is a really good place for you to be you know if you'd like to nail job interviews left and right.

Because you can present information to people in the exact way that they need it to be presented to them. So that they can process it in the way that puts you psychologically in the best position in their mind this is a really good place for you to be tonight if you'd like to attract and surround yourself with lots of trustworthy and loyal friends you know the kind that don't want you for something you can do for them this is probably a really good place to be if for example you'd like to easily have if you've ever fantasized about the idea of being able to put somebody under your spell just by talking to them even if you have zero knowledge of hypnosis i'm going to let you in on a secret right. Here right. Now when you start demonstrating the ability to read people's faces and you start telling people about themselves things that no.

No. But not even their best friends know they will go into a profound hypnotic state they will become very fascinated with you they will become very suggestible to you and they will tend to follow your lead because you'll get more authority in their world and in their mind and that's a really powerful place to be. So as you go through the techniques and the various areas in this particular webinar and you go out into the world and you play with them please be respectful of the power that you're wielding in the minds of the people you do this with always try to deliver these these reading components in a very compassionate positive way put us positive pardon me my nose is itching a little bit chase my friend chase hughes would say that means i must be lying right. Um.

But try to put a compassionate spin on whatever traits you unpack because when you start unpacking the facial features of a person's face they become very sensitive and very vulnerable right. Some may just deny stuff right. Off the bat. But you'll know right.

Away by the look. In their eyes. By their pupil dilation things of that nature that you kind of hit her with those things. So again i'm going to show you really powerful actionable stuff that you can take out into the world you don't got to believe it you just got to do it.

But when you do it please do it with compassion okay. For for whatever reason the the the traditional chinese approaches to face reading always tended to be a little bit more on the pessimistic or negative side uh there have been in the past you know a few years some really good teachers coming out now who are saying well it's you know that's true. But there's other there's another side to it as well that we need to emphasize as well. So again i'm one of those heart centered people um and.

So i want you to just be very very kind and compassionate when you use these techniques is that is that a fair ask just if you think that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat for me cool excellent all right. Very good all right. So let me go back to my powerpoint here and see what's oops i almost ended the meeting on us that wasn't exactly where i wanted to go uh let's see here. So anybody type a lot of yeses okay.

So here's my promise to you guys if you stay until the end of this webinar hold on a. Second i'm i'm having all kinds of powerpoint issues um if you stay until the end of this webinar i promise i will teach you the most powerful way to read and understand yourself and anyone you meet i'll teach you how to understand people's personality and temperament how to elicit and and track their trauma history how to judge sexual and romantic compatibility uh read personality and temperament and. Finally how to become a master of people reading and human influence that's our goal here nobody who's on my channel is here because they don't because they're happy with the way their life is going they want to they want to they want to level up they want to have more influence they want to take the randomness out either through learning how to read and understand themselves and other people better or by gaining the tools to influence their own mind and body and ultimately other people to get the things they want in life and you know what that's okay. That's all right.

It doesn't make you a bad person because you want to be more empowered because you want to have more tools and an ability to have more choice in the world it will tend to put people who uh have a fear of power on edge though. So be careful who you share these things with and if you know these things you know don't just go around advertising it use them for the betterment of everybody. But you know don't don't uh just be very very mindful with who you share these things with okay. I'm not saying you shouldn't i'm just saying when people know you know certain things they frame you a certain way and it's not and if you're not controlling that narrative you might you might have a little bit of an issue okay.

So let's move on. So here's what i'd like you to do this is where we enter what i call the free form webinar this is where i'm asking you in a very direct way if everything were on the table regarding face reading and how to read people's personality and temperaments if there was one or two things that you could take away from this webinar that every time you whipped it out and you used it you say that is what i came for david gave it to me i am. So glad i invested the time what would that thing be what would what what is the thing you want most to be able to do and what's the answer what's the biggest question that you have regarding face reading let's keep it on topic okay. Face reading and how to uh predict personality intent go ahead take a moment type that in the chat for me okay.

Because now based on what you're telling me i'm gonna start to modify the webinar okay. So i want everything from today's agenda okay. Okay. How to stop a psychopath i don't um get out of the room i know that sounds trite.

But psychopaths are very skilled at spotting hot buttons boost self-confidence okay. What else we got can i touch an identifying i can tell yeah in fact what i'll do is i'll save that for again what i'll do is i have a set a set program that i'm going to teach for the. First 45 minutes or. So and.

Then we'll do our offer we'll circle back and i'll touch on your specific questions reading teenagers minds okay. I don't know that you can read a teenager's mind because they're written in crayon. But um how to tell what someone thinks of you someone being lied to okay. Oh okay.

I see where this is going uh ron paul or dye says uh let's see here ideal facial expressions intentionally work like i think you're asking if there's a if there's a crossover between gra there is actually a crossover between graph of graphotherapy and graphical analysis and face reading i found it by accident what is my interviewer really thinking okay. Become the psychopath oh that's kind of scary redirection and no. There's one. So you can run away all right.

So it seems to me like you guys are kind of interested in bad guy stuff is would that be true okay. Okay. So here's what we're going to do we're going to talk about um i have to be hot we have we before we get into the that deeper level stuff before we get into that deeper level stuff um there's three possible areas we can start we have to go through the foundations would that be okay. Before we get into that how to make someone loyal to you how to identify a cop okay.

Okay. All right. Help with that bachelor okay. So here's here's here's three ways we can start we can start with emotions when packing emotions on the face we can start with uh thinking strategy in other words how do people make decisions we can talk about social mass in other words the public masks they have versus the private mess where would you like to start of those three what would you like to start with emotions go ahead and type in the chat what you'd like emotions uh number two is thinking strategies emotions emotions emotions decisions okay.

We'll cover we're going to cover them all i just want to know what your prefer thinking strategies okay. Emotions of course all right. Okay. So let's go ahead uh we'll move through the emotions as quickly as we can i don't know if we'll be able to get through all the emotions before we it's time to present our offer.

But here's what we'll do um i will teach as much of the emotional map as i can um and. Then we'll do our offer i'll give you a chance to uh you know level up. So to speak and. Then we'll circle back we'll finish the emotional map and.

Then we'll jump into uh decisions for sure and. Then we'll look. About well i'll have to pull up some of my other files because i wasn't uh i didn't have my shed materials ready. But um we can show you some of the things interesting you know what the universe was telling me this is where you guys were going uh because i actually found a slide while i was going through my pictures today um on shen disturbances and lying uh.

So it's it's i actually know where that that particular slide is. So um and we'll go into that after um after our or the. First half of our webinar does that sound like a plan be a better service to it no. Clients oh valerie this this is going to be a huge huge bump to everything you do therapeutically very very powerful stuff in fact it'll help you unlock things they don't even know is a problem are you guys ready yeah okay.

Very cool all right. So let's go with let me go back and start sharing my screen and we're gonna go into not social mass we're going to talk about emotions and the face now here's the thing we need to understand about emotions. First and foremost human beings are holographic information processing systems we are what is commonly referred to as an open ended information energy transfer system in other words we are constantly taking in information and energy from our environment processing it and sending energy out into the environment the chinese mapped out very very adeptly thousands of years ago were certain types of emotional frequencies locked in the body emerge holographically on the face and this is such a comprehensive model of healing i call and i call phase reading by the way for those of you who are hypnotists coaches therapists what have you i call i call face reading chinese vibrational psychotherapy because literally if you know how to do face reading in the classical way which i'm fully trained in and you start to unpack the emotional the markings on people's faces as they move you will start a catalyzation in them they will start to process out those emotions and as they process out those emotions when they're completely gone you'll see the the face start to change we've literally taken before and after pictures of people before face reading and afterwards and the people's faces are radically different from a 90-minute face reading okay. Um and i was the.

First to call um in spite of my background in chinese medicine when i. First when i. First heard this from my teacher um lillian bridges who's the world's leading authority on face reading and chinese medicine in fact that's her the textbook. For my courses is face reading and chinese brand medicine by my teacher lillian bridges um jamiko says non-verbally i'm you're going to have to elaborate on that jamiko because i'm not sure what you mean when you say non-verbally um.

But basically what we've what we can do is we can look. At the face and let me let me show you really quickly what i'm what i'm talking about ev there's. So much information on your face okay. So what you're seeing here is what we call the emotional map of the face can you all see that can you all see the the map we're going to show we're going to teach you about that i'll show you ways to do that.

So this is the emotional map of the face now this was not what i was taught when i went to acupuncture school i learned this in advanced training when an acupuncturist looks at your face and they're trained in facial diagnosis which is an actual part of chinese medical diagnosis this is actually what they see okay. So literally every energy system in the body from the an organ system in the body has corresponding locations on the face and based on the texture the coloration the outlines the shapes even the odors of what we see on this map we can diagnose what's going on with a person's heart liver kidney spleen we can diagnose if they're having bad dreams a lot of dreams whether they're sleeping well or not a lot of things we can do here. But this is not where we're going. But i wanted you to understand that this is where i started.

So i can look. At your face and i can tell you if your thyroid is bad or going bad i can tell you're having blood sugar issues i can tell you if you're having you know a hard time sleeping a lot of cool things that i can do with this. But this is where i started this is where we're going okay. And we're going to start once again uh going clockwise.

So 12 o'clock position here we're going to start with a line that starts i'll use green for this right. Here this is called a skepticism line. So when you see people with this line the way you want to describe the trait is john says can we fix our sleep problems with this you can diagnose potential sleep problems with this and. Then if you have the tools you can unpack what those markings indicate and your sleep should improve now sometimes that'll be herbs sometimes that'll be acupuncture sometimes that'll be hypnotherapy or vibrational hypnotherapy like we do again there's different ways to address it okay.

Okay. So let me go back to this. So skepticism. So how do we when we see somebody with this marking the marking starts is it on both eyebrows or just it's on both many for the the sake of um mapping this out most of the traits with the exception of the ones directly on the center line are symmetrical.

So these these can be on either side of the face okay. So the. First line we're going to talk with is at the one o'clock position this is known as a skepticism line now when you see this line it usually starts about halfway from the brow line and it kind of travels towards the outer edge of the eyebrow when you see this line this is somebody who tends to take everything with a grain of salt they don't take everything at face value. So you see this a lot on lawyers uh investigators uh some good therapists have it a lot of people who've dealt with a lot of con men and and have grown up in places where um they're you know people are trying to sell you oceanfront property in arizona kinds of things you'll see this a lot coming i see this a lot in lawyers i also see this a lot in um in uh marketers and media people okay.

So traveling clockwise from the skepticism line right. At the outer campus this outside corner of the eyebrow is known as the outer canthus you have a line that travels from the outer canthus and it journeys up this is a line. So when you have these little crow's feet that kind of travel up the side here that's someone who still has a lot of happiness these are good lines to have okay. When the lines travel from the outer canvas and they descend downward you see what we call sadness now sadness can be transient it can be in the moment.

But when you see lines that are there even when the person isn't showing an obvious emotion this is kind of what we're looking at when we start to think about let me see if i can make my picture a little bigger here. So i can. So. So one of the things we want to look.

At is when someone's having an obvious emotion these lines just pop out. But if the lines are there even when their face is relatively neutral what you're seeing is someone who spent a lot of time experiencing those emotions and probably hasn't fully processed them out. So be very careful when you start to unpack that emotion because when you start to ask him about this line and that's how you do it by the way you don't say oh you've had a lot of sadness in your life bad idea right. You want to get a little bit more eric sewing a little bit more permissive and you might say something like well i'm noticing that you got beautiful eyes.

First of all always complement a feature before you start to unpack it it's just a good idea i call it the sandwich okay. You tell them something positive you give them the stuff that's maybe not. So positive and. Then you reframe that.

So that they they they have a positive experience from it they they take a positive lesson and it's usually that reframe by the way that transforms people and you'll see the lines start to actually uh fade or train or change uh mst is asking about resting face rbf yeah um you'll see that okay. But. So again. So if the line that from the outer campus is going up you have someone who's got a lot of joy now real quick i'm going to jump over to the opposite side of the chart over here just because it's relevant here you see a set of lines that start also at the outer campus.

But they travel up past the eyebrow when you when you see a a set of wrinkles go up and travel to the border of the eyebrow or even further you're seeing now what the chinese would label as excessive or pathological joy the the the actual term in our western approach is mania. So you're looking at people who have you know um bipolar disorder uh they're just manic um they have a little bit of megalomania going on they're up at three o'clock in the morning tweeting until their twitter account gets banned uh things of that nature um again not passing judgment. But these behaviors are quite quite obvious now what's interesting about people who go through these manic episodes they can be extremely productive. But when they crash they crash hard it's bad for their heart.

So when you see people with these kind of lines be aware that there's there's some excessive energy in the system that's playing havoc um with them okay. At kevin okay. So seth is answering that question okay. Uh questions on skepticism joy sadness and mania real quick hold on a.

Second let me just make sure i'm not missing anything. So again skepticism always describe the trait not the label. So you might say to somebody who's skeptical you know you know you're the kind of person that doesn't just believe people something what people say just because they say you take everything with a grain of salt you're not you're not the. First to buy into something you're not always going to call.

But you're going to kind of wait and see and see if they can actually prove what they say right. So again you're always going to be better off describing the behavior than than just blurting out the trait uh joy of course you've shown the line rising up here you have beautiful eyes. By the way this line shows that you've had a lot of you had a lot of joyful experiences in your life you think about quite often right. You see the line coming down right.

You're this is showing somebody who's uh who's had a lot of sad experiences and you want to be very very gentle when you bring that up can i elaborate on mania okay. Um people are asking about what other lines we'll get to them okay. We're going to go around the map and. Then we'll come back why do people with skepticism get conned it's because they're greedy and they're looking for shortcuts you see when con men um profile you and they're very good at this when they're looking for marks they're looking for a certain personality profile they're looking for people who are tend to be morally flexible are looking for a shortcut and don't check too deeply now here's what i mean by that when people fact check they rarely check any further than three levels of citation.

So for example there's a great book. You might want to pick up called trust me i'm lying and it's a book. About how public relations people and other nefarious information warfare agencies create news one of the things that they do is they'll if they want to start a rumor what they'll do is they'll take they'll make up an article they'll post it on a blog somewhere on the internet that has like five subscribers and. Then they'll they'll cite and curate that blog post and submit it submit it to an a larger news agency or news business using that blog post as a citation.

Then they'll take that and they'll submit it to like the ap or one of these other big agencies because most people won't fact check two or three levels down okay. And. So you know after tour and we and we tested this in our. Last class on human influence training we tested the truth filter in people because when you when you.

First encounter something the the reptile brain the part of you that the rolando the book. Is called trust me i'm lying um when we encounter something the. First thing our lizard brain does is it is it safe or is it same or is it different is it true or is it not true right. And the moment it starts to find things that are true after about the.

Third verification process the reptile goes to sleep unless it's really really on edge which is almost never. But we test this we would literally have people name three to five things in the room that were absolutely true and you could literally see the lights and the consciousness shut off uh their blink rates would change whole nine yards and what was what was scary about it is that the person doing the test noticed. But the person who was being tested never noticed that their consciousness shifted and that's because human beings are trans machines they're always in some form of trance. But our body and our brains are designed around two systems the fast system and the short system are the fast system in the slow system the fast system just operates on heuristics rules of thumb and.

So it checks once it checks twice checks three times okay. It must be true boom doesn't go any deeper. So people you know in terms of people who get conned that's one of the things that they're looking for right. Um they're looking for people who are in a hurry they're looking for people who are ethically flexible and usually greedy they're usually trying to get the biggest bang for their buck.

So even people with skepticism alliance may have other things going on that make them susceptible to being conned right. Right. I always fact check yes. The entire nation is has gotten has probably earned these lines because of the.

Last four to set four to eight years that we've gone through um i made a i made a prediction back in 2016 that nobody wanted to hear nobody believed came true uh and i've made more predictions since. Then based on my understanding of human behavior uh a certain guy i predicted a certain guy would win based on nothing more than the influence techniques he was using i predicted what would happen as a result of that and where we're going. Next and what you're seeing now is in the. Next part of that which is the the rebirth of critical thinking in the united states right.

We've been inundated with. So much fake news from all from every side that human beings now when they are actually awake and aware will not take anything at face value they will they will google it and google it and google it and google it and even go to other places to fact check. But at some point they'll get tired of checking and they'll just accept the story. So if you've got someone who understands these principles and social predators do social predators do they won't stop at three they'll go four five six seven levels deep because they know that someone who's kind of more awake will will tend to stop at three to four in fact there's this this process actually let me let me come off this really quick let me show you how let me tell you how pervasive this idea is um when i was learning martial when i was training martial arts i trained um one of the resources i used was a guy named benny ukides does anybody here know who benny ortez is well at the time he was the undefeated world kickboxing champion and benny would train his fighters in a very very special way you see most boxers learn combinations in threes.

So jab hook. Uppercut jab cross hook. They'll do them in threes right. Well benny would train all his fighters to do bursts of five.

So what would happen is these fighters would get in a rhythm because they're in rapport. So one box will jab cross uppercut and. Then the other guy would come back with his three and they just trade blows like that well benny would train his fighter. So that just as the guy was you know finished thought you were done and he was coming in for a strike you'd nail him with the five and the four and the five and down they'd go right.

So this idea of threes and and checking or or thinking a set is done after three is is actually kind of hardwired yeah betty the jet exactly is actually hardwired into the human human nervous system. So when you see this this skepticism marking be aware that this person has a natural skeptical approach to life they're not going to take what you say at face value and. So you got to show them proof you've got to be willing to prove things to them right. Now when you look.

You know we didn't cover this we usually cover this. First. But people want to jump right. Into emotions when you see people with a very large upper zone in their head here these people are very data driven.

So they're going to want to fact check automatically. Anyway if they've got a really big upper zone here and this line now you better you better have your ducks in a row you better have your facts straight and they better be verifiable does that make sense is this useful oh i'm sorry my bad let me go back and redo this. So once again i didn't talk about this uh just for for edification of of the folks that that missed the thing um when you're talking to somebody and you see a really big upper zone like the the top portion of their head is much larger than the rest and they have these skepticism lines this is somebody who's going to be all up in your facts you better have your facts in a row you have never had better three to five levels of um support for the data that you're showing okay. Again this is just how you start to trade stack right.

And they're gonna call you on it they're gonna check okay. All right. So let's move on a little bit. So we talked about sadness uh people are asking me to elaborate on mania okay.

When you see these lines be aware that this person is prone to fits of megalomania they're prone to hype to being hyperactive they can be on the add side interesting thing about hyperactivities it can go one of two directions it can go into this add approach where they're just there's again. So much energy they can't focus they can't sit still or it can become that that you know they shut themselves in a room for like 72 hours without sleeping and just burn out projects. But these people also tend to be a little bit more aggressive they tend to be a little bit more uh they're just very in your face okay. They tend to be very sexual uh again any it's gonna this particular energy is gonna magnify any other expressive trait that they have.

So if they're dramatic we'll talk about dramatic there's a little thing on the lip that we can talk about if they tend to be very dramatic when they're not hyper when this hyper when this mania or hyperactivity kicks in they're going to go even crazier right. If you're out on a date with somebody male or female and you see these lines i highly recommend you can you you reconsider going further with the relationship until you know them a lot better okay. Does that make sense right. Now i don't fortunately i don't see these really big um these big lines a lot.

But they're there right. Uh again our former president had them in spades and and you can see again i'm not passing judgment on his on his platforms or anything else i'm just going by what's on his face you can see these behaviors being expressed don't believe me go look. At his face especially the side profiles you'll see it interestingly he's also got what we call mad scientist eyebrows when you see eyebrows that jut out and like defy gravity like really like wire brushes this is somebody who's got once again a very fiery brain they tend to be extremely intelligent extremely intelligent okay. Um many times they're.

So intelligent they're they're they have such a mr fixit attitude that when they explain the solution to a problem people don't understand what they're talking about they think they're nuts. But if you take those big bushy eyebrows we just talk which means you have a very fiery very active brain you combine it with this trade now what do you think is going to happen when that's when that stuff flares up okay. Again this is not a political debate. So if you're going to if you're going to spell politics that's not what we're here to do we're here to learn about influence and reading people okay.

So moving forward let's go back to sorrow to these sadness lines once again the the outer canthus is going to be a big big landmark for us to work from okay. When the lines travel further down you're now dealing with what is commonly referred to as sorrow this is this tends to be a deeper level of sadness it tends it tends to be longer held in other words they've been around they've been holding onto it for a while right. Um. So this might be you know getting fired from a job or or uh breaking up with someone this could be death of a loved one it could be the death of a relationship when the line extends further down now you're looking at what we call repressed sorrow which is grief okay.

And grief when you going back to when we talked about here [Music] if we were to take these sadness lines there's your sorrow line there's your grief line what area do they pass through what part of the what what what part of the body do those theories pass through belong exactly. So those of you who are hypnotists those of you who are um dealing with people with chronic copd things of that nature many times when you unpack their grief or you unpack their lung issues you'll see them start to cough they'll start to choke they'll start to sob very very in a very specific pattern you can almost tell people with any kind of copd allergies asthma there's almost always some kind of loss involved and the inverse is also true if people come to you for resolving sadness or grief you'll often see them have lung issues or when they start to clear it their lungs will start to ab react keep going it means you're doing what you're supposed to do okay. Does that make sense for those of you who are healers and coaches and therapists and things it's again it's a feedback loop right. Now there's another kind of loss that um i want to talk to you about and that starts at the inner canthus right.

In here and it travels once again down through the lung area we call this a lost love line now this line is again it sounds like like it would it would relate to a relationship. But it actually doesn't oh wait can you i'm not sure am i am i showing you my screen okay. Good let me let me pop off for a minute let me because i want to talk about this a little bit um after i get my my speaker view back in size here okay. Anyway um forgive me my my zoom is playing hell with me um this line at the inner campus even though we call it a lost love line it doesn't necessarily mean that the loss was a person lost love lines generally indicate the loss of something that was.

So special to our sense of identity. So important to who we are as a person and what brought joy into our hearts that the loss of it was like losing a piece of ourself now that could be a person it could be a person. But many times it can be an activity um the the metaphor i i use most often is like let's say when you're a kid right. Uh you fell in love with horses at an early age and just the thought just looking at a horse would would light your heart up your eyes.

Would beam if you were having the shittiest day in the world the minute you saw a picture of a horse or even the hint of being near a horse your whole energy changed now you've all had situations and activities like that true not true go ahead and type in the chat if you've had that right. And let's say you know you can never imagine a life without horses in it and. Then at some point in your teens your 20s your 30s something happens like maybe you fall or you meet somebody who has a deathly allergy to horses can't stand horses can't even think about horses. But you love this person.

So much that you decide okay. For love i will not be affiliated with horses anymore i won't have anything to do with horses anymore that pain of loss that you feel will mark from the inner canthus and it will move down and the longer and deeper you have it the more energy is stuck there. So here's how you start to gauge the intensity of emotion the deeper and longer the line the older and more energy is there okay. The deeper and longer the line the more energy is locked in the system does that make sense that's how you gauge it could it be connected to resentment yes.

Very often when we lose something we get resentful. But resentment shows up in a different part of the face which we'll get to in a minute okay. You guys with me. So far.

So person was asking is there importance of the left or right. Side of the face yes. And i usually start with that. But you guys wanted to jump into emotions.

First. So that's where i took. You okay. Do you want me do you want me to to jump into public and private side.

First and. Then come back to emotions do you want to keep going with emotions what would you like okay. Good okay. So again like i said we're going to go on from there 10 or 15 minutes.

Then we're going to present to you what we've got going on in terms of training opportunities and things of that nature. Then when that's done we're going to circle back we're going to continue to teach we'll finish the emotional map of the face we'll talk about decision making we'll talk about public versus private we'll talk about how to spot sociopath narcissists and liars we'll also talk about uh active versus passive profiling i do have i do have the uh photos marina i just would take me a long time to find them okay. But we can do we again once we've gotten through our format and we have we're on our free our free period. So to speak i'm happy to to take as long as you guys want to again this is for you right.

If you if you like it i invite you to take the. Next step in your training if you don't like it click away um. But again my job here is to deliver things that you can actually write into the field and use and i hope i'm delivering on that. So far am i am i am i delivering things you can actually use go ahead and type in the chat if that's true i see one yes.

Oh there we go okay. Cool free font okay. Good excellent. So here's the thing i asked if if if i deliver enough value and i gave and i showed you how to take the.

Next step how many of you would would be ready to do that just type that in the chat if you're ready to take the. Next step now julia can be mst a miss t joy can be on either the right. Or the left side okay. Most of the traits i'm teaching you around the periphery of the face can be on either the right.

Or the left side. However the difference in how they show up on the right. Or left side will tell you a lot about where that emotion is strongest in a person's private life or in their public life okay. And there's definite things for each that you do when you want to address someone's private public life or public persona versus their private persona rich wealthy says like it is an understatement i love it thank you that's my goal okay.

Cool excellent all right. So um i think i can probably get up through i can get through pretty much the. First half of the face maybe a little bit further before i have to jump into the. Next the.

Next section of the webinar. But if you're okay. With that. Then that's where we'll go all right.

Let me go back to my screen okay. So lost love very important now uh some of you are asking about golden pathwork uh let me write that in here really quick golden path is a very poetic way of saying your mission in life okay. Many times and i do classes on how to find your mission in this life. So for those who are into law of attraction spiritual destiny manifesting the life you want um spiritual empowerment um this is this is where you're headed okay.

Um. So i'm just going to talk about it real quick because it relates directly to this this um this lost love line when we come into this world thing you should know i i i again there's a lot of you i know a lot of you i don't i know most of the people who find their way to planet david have a strong uh practical desire to be more influential and understand themselves and people better a lot of them have a strong energetic and spiritual side to them. So here's what the chinese say about this idea of lost loves golden path and your mission in this life the golden path is a poetic way of saying your mission in this life. But one of the things that happens we come in with a way to navigate how to find our mission how to get on to our golden path and one of those ways is by the sense of joy and bliss that we experience when we engage in an activity if there's an activity that you would pay to do an activity that any chance you get you're there that lights you up even when you're in the most you know depressed mood just the thought of it brings more energy into your life these are this is an indicator that this is part of your spiritual mission in this world there's something about that activity that you're meant to do that's meant to bring a greater level of evolution to the world from your perspective in your personal spiritual mission many times as we come into this world and we engage in those activities the people that whose families were born into the cultures were born into the societies that were born into say no.

You can't you can't do that you can't have that that's inappropriate that's improper even though it causes us to light up now that lighting up feeling that you experience in those moments is what the chinese call your spirit or your shen you see your shen is bigger than your body and it and and it wants to come into the body as much as humanly possible this is going to relate to finding psychopaths when we talk about that at the end of the webinar the spirit the spiritual component the shen aspect is what we're going to be looking at. But one of the things that you need to understand it goes to trauma work it goes to lost loves it goes to golden path it goes to finding spotting wires and sociopaths when your spirit comes into the body the body gets healthier it gets younger it gets more resilient it has energy many of you have been in my trainings wonder how i can teach eight 10 12 hours a day five six seven days in a row and still have time to go out and play and do all these things it's because teaching you and sharing this information with you is part of my spiritual mission in this world in this body. So when i engage in those activities more of my spirit enters my body and i have infinite levels of energy to do this now i get around something like math my energy i have about 10 minutes of cognitive energy and i'm done because math is not my thing okay. Why does this relate when the spirit enters the body you have health now you've all met people who've been through severe traumas who've been through who who are lying to you who are not having a good time do their lives have any light in them does their skin have any glow beneath it yes.

Or no. Type what you nope right. But what happens what happens when you present something to those people that that makes them happy does their eyes. Suddenly start to glow does more radiance come out from beneath the skin yes.

Or no. Or as trivec would say yes. Or yes. What you're seeing in that moment is the spirit flooding into the body because the body is now a better place to live when people go through trauma when people lose their the the things that go to their golden path their body experiences pain their body experiences discomfort their spirit leaves their body they become dissociated right.

The chinese call that shedding out in psychological terms we call that dissociated do liars glow not usually unless they're really enjoying lying to you they're usually actually their shen usually gets very muddy um i'll i'll show you some pictures of good shame if i have time right. But again i have a lot to cover in a very short time to uh mgb says they get horny actually you're not wrong again. But that's uh that's a little bit more provocative than i would like to go. But yes.

They get horny for their pupils will dilate their their eyes. Will get brighter brain heart coherence yes. Very much. So okay.

There's physiological counterparts for each of these spiritual processes okay. Okay. So um. So one of the things i want to i want to prime you on is that if there are things in you if you have these markings and you are a spiritual person who who's looking for their purpose you must reclaim these things you must find ways to get these things back into your life and when you do you will become healthier you will tend to become more successful faster and you will look.

Younger. So if you if you're interested in being healthier more successful and looking younger work on this okay. So i make myself clear and again we have tools for that if you want to do it right. But this is this is how face reading and personality they all come together okay.

So we talked about lost love we talked about sadness sorrow grief talk about humor when you see people who have a little line one. Second you see a little line right. In the center of the lip right. Here you see someone who's got a pretty good sense of humor okay.

They can take a joke they can tell a joke um this is this should not be confused with uh big lips or thin lips that's a completely different trait now interestingly if they have this and you see a little extra skin right. Here these people are drama magnets okay. If they have the humor line they tend to be very good actors and comedians if you don't see this line and you just see extra flesh here you're looking at somebody who will take a flat tire and turn it into a five-car collision on the side of the road right. They'll take um you know an incidental touch and turn it into an ass grab in their mind and way they express it and they won't realize they're doing it now it's not that they're lying it's just they have a tendency to be very histrionic i know this because i have people in my classes who have this marking i have a daughter i have two daughters in fact who have this marking and if you tell them what's going on and you point the trade out to them even though they've taken the class they still deny it okay.

It's one of those things. But when you see that extra flesh on the lip right. Understand that these people will tend to take things and blow them out of proportion they will tend to be a little bit more on the neurotic side they'll tend to be more on the histrionic side they'll tend to blow you know hyperbole things of that nature okay. Um and this is one that if you're someone who doesn't like a lot of drama really pay attention to that marking right.

If you're someone who likes to come home to a peaceful house without a lot of shouting if both are there um it can work for you or against you right. Like i said if people have this again if people have this humor line when they're being funny they're really funny okay. But conversely if they're in a bad mood this will take precedence right. If they don't have this humor line they can still be funny.

But when they're in a bad mood or something negative happens they will blow it they'll tend to blow things way out of proportion. Anyway that filter goes either direction it's just when you stack it with other traits what do you get okay. So again this isn't on the emotional map this is actually a feature that's more of um an earth feature. But it's it comes up enough and it and it amplifies things enough that i wanted you to have that little um that little caveat now if you have this this marking it doesn't mean you're you're an idiot or doesn't mean that um you're a liar it means that when you experience events and circumstances it means they tend to be a little bit more bigger in your mind than they are in actuality from other people's perspectives and it actually makes sense because um your neurology has a six to one amplification of negative stuff to positive stuff it's pretty interesting how it works neurologically um i don't know i think i'll see if i can i'll see if i can again we'll put a pin in it i'll circle back and when we come back from the break not the break.

But the presentation uh. So ryan is asking is the extra flesh the same as the skin or the flesh of the lip it's more the flesh it's like there's an extra an extra little bubble of um a flesh right. Here kind of sticks out a little bit almost like a the prowl of a boat you know what i'm talking about ashland's asking definition of the channel what i got the ship lit actually kathleen you do uh under those oh that's called the philtrum the channel under the nose is called the philtrum and we'll we'll talk a lot of again in face reading we have a class coming up. Next month we'll be talking a lot about the filter there's a lot of things you can see about the philtrum okay.

Um. But just to kind of uh jump into this another line you want to be very wary of there's i call these the terrible trio bitterness disappointment and over nurturing if you see horizontal lines or diagonal lines i'm sorry laying out around the edge of the lip what you're seeing here is somebody who's spending a lot of time seeing to everybody else's needs. But their own now when that goes on for a certain amount of time and by the way these people are doing. So out of a sense of obligation because that they feel like that's what they're supposed to do okay.

They don't really feel like they it's it's if they don't realize they have a choice they think that the rules say that you they have to be this way and. So they are okay. So many times you'll see this on the faces of uh spouses who have to take care of of their partner because of a medical condition you'll see this a lot of times in day care workers or teachers who have to spend a lot of time taking care of a lot of children you'll see this in older folks as they get are the disappointment lines different from the laugh lines yes. Um.

So going back to this. So anytime you see somebody giving more and more and more and over nurturing and taking more care of somebody than like they need to right. You'll see this in a lot of of um what's sort of looking for co-dependent relationships right. Where someone is taking the primary role of nurturing and enabling the other people you'll see these lines start to manifest now what will happen is over time these people will start to get more and more disillusioned they'll start to realize that based on social rep programming they should be getting back from the partner from the people at least as much as they're giving and they aren't and all around them they see people not following these same rules getting ahead in life um and they get very bitter about it.

So. First they become disappointed because they never seem to get back what they give and that line marks as a as a wrinkle extending from the corner of the mouth downward okay. So over nurturing tends to lead to disappointment and if this goes on long enough the disappointment becomes bitterness bitterness can be seen by these little horizontal or vertical lines just below the lip you'll see this a lot in smokers and they'll say well it's just because i smoke yeah the question is why are you smoking what's behind that smoking paulo crew says how do you see these if a person has a mustache or beard well the simple answer is you don't you have to look. At other things okay.

Now why do i point these three out together because if this goes on long enough remember this is coming from 15 years hold on a. Second 15 years of clinical practice you have a recipe for cancer and here's here's how that happens hold on i've misspelled my years wrong now if you have these markings it does not mean you're going to get cancer it does not mean you have cancer. But i will tell you this in unpacking cancer in lots of people in various places all over the world there is no. Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient what happens the the ideology of this over time or pathogenesis is that over nurturing leads to disappointment that disappointment leads to bitterness that those three get compounded over a course of years and in decades until eventually the person sees on an unconscious level the person sees no.

Way to escape that life when they see no. Way to escape they manifest an exit strategy that that exit strategy is usually some form of chronic illness many times it's cancer sometimes it's parkinson's some it's parkinson's is usually fear though um ms again usually fear. But it also can be a lot of shame and guilt um. But this whole idea that eventually the neurology manifests a physical pathology as a way to send a message say hey you've got to come in and clean this up and it will mark on the face okay.

So again this is not a diagnosis this is not every single person who has these markings is going to be this way for everything i show you there will be exceptions. But i can't waste my time on the exceptions right. Now i have to show you what's most you're most commonly going to see. So you can decide what to do.

But if you get a client for those of you who see patients if you get clients with these markings chances are you're going to be shoveling a lot of uh nurturing bitterness disillusionment things of that nature okay. So and again this will come out as resentment it will come out as anger okay. Because that's where that's where bitterness comes from when that anger and that resentment is locked in the body too long it becomes depression and it becomes bitterness okay. Does that make sense type in the chat if this is useful chris is asking a really good question about childhood cancers usually it's generational trauma that you know again extrapolating sometimes it's karmic right.

Cool all right. So here's what we're gonna do. Next if it's okay. With you i'm gonna go ahead and i put together uh a little training process for you a little training package that i'd like to present to you aj says to all painless david i'm loving your teaching style and your.

First time on one of your webinars cool. So jeremy's asking do you find these lines very according to various nationalities not as much as you might think there um a lot of people ask if there are certain racial tendencies you have to look. At the racial baselines. But a lot of the proportions are the same i'm still a student of this as as good as i am at it i'm still i feel like a baby sometimes um.

But by and large um the markings are fairly are fairly consistent from race to race from asian to to caucasian to mexican to african american and all points in between i see them fair they're fairly consistent yeah a lot of that has to do with climate and diet also um when you see a lot of people who are very young looking their chances are there's a lot of herbal supplementation that they're doing there's a lot of lifestyle elements. But also if someone's not marking it all what you see what you're seeing many times is a case of extreme dissociation either they've completely cleared all their and they're like the. Next buddha or they're dissociated from their feelings and that's when they don't mark okay. And as you know botox possible okay.

You guys ready to see what i put together for you type yes. In the chat if you're if you're okay. With that cool oh welcome around to the private gold archive all right. Let me go ahead and jump back to my powerpoint and we will go into the.

Next phase. So for those of you with your permission i'd like to ask you if you're ready to understand yourself better to gain an unbeatable edge in life to take your people reading skills to the. Next level and your life to the. Next level if you're ready go ahead type yes.

In the chat i am ready this is the audience participation portion of our work cool excellent you guys are awesome today by the way thank you. So much for amnesty says is that bad to dissociate from your feelings yes. Because anything you're dissociated from you aren't actively processing and just like water when it gets stagnant it only gets unhealthier stagnant emotions cause problems stagnant emotions cause problems okay. All right.

And i don't get an mst miss t don't don't get me started on uh on dissociation because i could go on for hours because nobody nobody winds up in my chair let me just jump back here because i want to say this really really quickly for those of you who are therapists and hypnotists and who want to be as i lovingly call you a special kind of stupid because only an idiot would want to sit in a room eight to 10 hours a day showing other people's right. It's not work you choose it's work that chooses you okay. Nobody will nobody who sits in your chair is there because of things they're expressing they're there because of things they're not expressing they're there because they've been taught to hold things in because somebody might not like it because it might not be appropriate because somebody might paint you or judge you because of it those are the reasons people get sick and that's why you as a hypnotist if you understand what i'm teaching you here and you're doing the good work we'll never run out of clients because we have a society and a culture that's programming people to be sick because of this political correctness i'm sorry it's killing you it's killing you right. Um may not maybe not right.

Away that's my opinion you you can believe it or not right. But 100 of the people who sit in my chair are not there because of things that they're expressing they're there because of things that are locked in their system because they either can't process it or they're not they won't let themselves process it usually a little bit of both can i have a session on dissociations in the feelings yes. I can do that absolutely look. For face markings or lack of face markings yeah when you see a conspicuous lack of face markings that's when you need to start asking questions and poking the bear a little bit and again in face tweeting level one and two i will teach you how to do this for therapeutic reasons in addition to personality profiling and behavioral and behavioral uh reasons okay.

They kind of they kind of they kind of pull from the same vision. Then they diverge. But again this idea that we can't speak our truth because somebody won't like it or it'll offend somebody or they might think of it as hate speech is actually making people sick okay. And i i believe that hate speech needs to be monitored i need i need it and it needs to be you know um again we need to be on you know it's it's not it's not a card launch right.

But the idea that we can't express the feelings we have because somebody might not like it and keep it locked inside of us that'll backfire that'll backfire okay. Uh there's there's all different kinds of trauma there's there's what we call complex trauma and there's primary trauma lots of things going on there. But. Anyway you guys ready to see what i got for you yes.

All right. Let's move on. So here's what i got for you i'd like to introduce to you my face reading for fun and profit secrets of people reading and personality transformation home study course if you receive value in an aha from anything what i've taught. So far this could be one of the most powerful experiences you ever you ever engage in okay.

This face reading from profit personality transformation program is all about helping you to understand yourself it's about learning how to read people's personalities emotions trauma history in seconds how to predict their behavior how to help more people feel more confident move through the world being more socially and personally and professionally powerful it's about winning the game of life because you understand people better and you know how to communicate to them and guide them and put them into jobs where they can shine and be the best versions of themselves okay. It's about becoming more charming and charismatic and irresistible all the while doing well by doing good if you're interested in any of that i want to share this with you because i think it'll really really change your life i really believe that here's what i put together for you today now this offer does expire as of march 25 2021 at 11 59 pm today's webinar special secrets of face reading home study course it's a 1497 value and it's filled with powerful proven real world face reading skills and secrets of personal transformation you're going to learn how to quickly and easily assess people's personality and temperament how to fit how to evaluate their thinking and decision strategies. So you can present information to them in a way that is natural and easy for them to do if you present how much an emotional reason to somebody who's data driven they're going to look. At you like you're an idiot if you present data to somebody who is emotionally driven they're going to look.

At you like you're the most boring uh egghead in the world they're not going to pay attention. But if you feed them their exact strategy based on the shapes the relative proportions of their head which we'll cover when we come back you'll know exactly how to feed this information to them you'll know if you're dealing with someone who's a thinker who's someone who's very practical or hands-on someone who's very gut driven and instinct-driven and you'll know how to relate to them better faster probably than most of their employees do okay. You learn how to management style you learn how to judge their sexual momentum compatibility you know if you know if you have at least two features that are similar to someone you're interested in there's a high probability that you're compatible at some level. But there are certain ones that are are no.

Go. So you might want to be very careful with that we'll show you how to connect with people in a very powerful very deep way because when you demonstrate an understanding of a person's inner world and inner environment they cleave to you they they look. At you as an expert they look. At you as somebody who who they can be open and honest with and share their feelings with without being judged and that's a massive powerful level of psychological leverage to have with another human being you'll learn how to predict human behavior just by knowing you know the shape of their forehead are these people that work best alone or do they do they need to be are they going to how do they function with a good if you've got someone who's got a big franken brow you do not want them in a group taking orders unless they're leading the group and giving the owners you don't want them necessarily they tend to work best by themselves they tend to like to be in charge they resent authority they tend to be a little bit more on the passive aggressive side when told what to do or given less than positive criticism you got to know about those things.

So that you can put them in the right. Kind of job or occupation right. People who have very very pro pronounced cheekbones tend to be extraordinarily bossy and detail-oriented they're gonna you know they'll focus on getting things finished and may take longer than the deadlines you've assigned. So you need to make sure that you slot them into the right.

Places okay. If you'd like to be the most fascinating person just quit just engage your ego for just a minute how many of you would like to be like the most fascinating person in the room everywhere you go would that be useful type in the chat if you think that would be fun okay. Face reading will do that you will have people lined up around the block to get you to talk about their most favorite subject themselves if you combine this with the things we teach in like echo technique or uh three magic questions now you've got such a extreme level of uh chemistry and connection and comfort and desire that these people will just follow you around like little ducklings right. If you'd like to know how to catch and and catch liars and source and dark triads narcissists sociopaths things of that nature this is where you go okay.

I've reorganized the face reading material into a very modernized linear approach. So you don't have to understand chinese medicine to to do a lot of these things understand a lot of these concepts we're going to give this to you for 40 it's a 1497 value. But as you can probably guess we're not going to stop there if you grab this pet this special promotion the special package i put together you're also going to get these exclusive special bonuses you're also going to get our identity by design hypnotherapy home study course this is a 1497 value this is going to teach you step by step how to unlock and and fix all the things you find in your face reading how to hypnotize any one anytime anywhere remove blocks to your success and limiting beliefs find and remove the hidden negativity you didn't even know you had how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away maybe you go somebody fixes it and it comes back right. We'll show you how to address that once and for all we'll uh we'll teach you how to change that crappy voice in your head that keeps tearing you down to a voice that's building you up inspiring you and motivating you and giving you all the reasons why you deserve success that motivates you to take those actions and become that better version of yourself will teach you how to systematically remove all the negativity from your past.

So that when you look. Back on your past you only remember it in ways that make your life better that inspire you and motivate you and cause you to become the person that you truly want to be inside and. Then. Finally we're going to take that whole sequence of processes compress it together and install it as a template at the genetic level in your very dna using methods and principles that were pioneered by uh dr bruce lipton in his books biology of belief we'll teach you how to imprint this at a cellular level at dna levels.

So it's in your literal dna. Then we'll take we'll teach you how to take the traits qualities characteristics and attributes of people you admire people who you want to be more like even if they're fictional and install those at a deep level of your subconscious mind in such a way in in integrating technology that was used by the soviets to sweep the 1970s olympics they went over 70 gold medals as well as some of the more uh deep trans phenomena known as the reikob effect will teach you systematically how to do all of these things. So that you can become the person you want to be instead of the person society family religion and culture conspired to make you we call this the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course it's a 1497 value we're going to throw this in for you absolutely free. So you have the tools you need to make the transformations you want to make okay.

It's a total combined value. So far with the face reading package plus this is two thousand nine hundred and ninety four dollars. But we're not going to stop there we're also going to throw in because a lot of you into energetics and healing we're going to teach you and give you this special vibrational healing energy secrets and remote influence home study course this course literally blows the lid off and pulls the curtain back from various all the different schools of energy healing from reiki to chronic healing to bankston to hermetics to um dna theta healing to qigong modes of healing this will show you how these models work how they differ from each other what they're good for what they're not good for in addition to that it piggybacks on the thing that you learn in. But in in uh identity by design and teaches you how to use those same techniques to energize and evolve your spiritual bodies remember we talked about your shen your spirit being bigger than your body well there's different layers to that and each of those bodies is seeking to evolve and you can use the identity by design techniques in conjunction with vibrational healing to neurologically evolve and manifest things better faster and easier in addition to that we'll show you how to unlock the power of your mind to control your energy build it and actually use it for something in a measurable testable way we literally hook.

You up to machines and you raise and lower people's blood pressure uh body uh body temperature heart rate in in blind control. So you actually get objective measurements you'll know if you're having an effect or not okay. Uh we teach you how to influence and heal people in person and remotely how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away because for comic reasons generational reasons what have you we'll teach you how to boost your intuitive and psychic abilities we'll give you the exact skill sets you need and let you and show you how to practice them and. Finally we'll show you some most powerful ways to manifest anything you want in the shortest amount of time possible and and to add that will teach you some of the most powerful ways to protect yourself against manipulation and psychic attack and there's many types of psychic attack the vast majority of psychic attacks that people encounter are random they're they're just unconscious thought forms that envious people threw at you.

But every now and. Then you come across somebody who actually has a little bit of knowledge a little bit of skill and they're throwing away me at you that you need a little bit more expertise to deal with we'll teach you some of the most powerful ways to insulate and protect yourself and armor yourself and even reverse those things okay. If you're actually interested in realizing and tapping into your true potential to becoming the best version of yourself heck if you've ever fantasized about being a graduate of hogwarts right. Or a wizard this is probably an awesome course for you and it takes everything you've learned from face reading to identity by design to energetics to a whole lot this is my introduction to hermetic skills training a lot of you know i'm a very avid student of hermetic processes and we're building up a whole bunch of new courses that build on these technologies.

So this is a great way for you to get um the best of all worlds starting from the most fundamental practical and building on that in testable ways. So if you're tired of you're tired of bs if you're tired of being told you just got to believe in something for it to work this is a great place to start because you don't got to believe in any of this in fact the studies show that the less you believe it the better the results you get because belief somehow gets in the way sometimes okay. Um this is a 1497 value it's yours absolutely free we're just going to throw this in because we want you to take this as far as you can um and. Then when you're ready come to those live events total value is four thousand four hundred and ninety one dollars we're not going to stop there for those of you who want to take your people reading skills even further remember in today's webinar we're just talking about the face.

But what about everything from the neck down what is you know how do we how do we integrate that into everything we're learning this is called active profiling we call this people reading for fun and profit this is one of the very. First uh body language courses i ever created um it's a 997 dollar by and this will teach you everything from the face down okay. It'll understand the body language of attraction there are seven discrete phases that human beings go through from stranger to intimacy and we'll teach you what each of those seven stages are. So you can look.

At any anybody anytime anywhere and know what stage of intimacy they're in when you're out on a date you can know exactly by the other person's body language their proximity their ventral orientation how into you they really are and what to do. Next to take it even further faster okay. You'll find that when you utilize these things it becomes much harder for people to lie to you and be intentionally deceptive you'll be able to influence people without words and psychologically position yourself in their minds just by how you use the spatial relationships between you um men you'll understand women better women you'll understand men better because these are all co-ed classes i teach i don't do single gender classes anymore i only teach classes where men and women are present. So both sides can learn how the other side thinks and they can learn to bridge that gap this class is no.

Exception we'll teach you how to dress for success and use specific colors shapes and uh textures that bring out the best version of you and we'll show you some pretty dramatic examples of that you'll learn how to eliminate behaviors that weaken your influence you'll close more deals you'll get more dates you'll be you'll almost never be taken by surprise in a social situation ever again. But don't take my word for it apply the material and see how it bears see how much it bears fruit for you total value. So far everything we've talked about is thousand four hundred and eighty eight dollars. But as you can probably imagine we're not stopped we're not done yet a lot of you are asking me how do i catch liars how do i catch sociopaths and narcissists well a few years back i did a crash course called lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar it's a how to catch a liar a crash course it's a 97 value it's a relatively short video compared to our regular course i think this is two or three hours of some of the most hard-hitting most useful and consistent lie detection stuff available uh psychological trips and tips and tricks for catching liars on content you'll understand the key indicators of deception why no.

Single cue is an indicator of deception the top two things people miss when trying to are three things actually that people miss or forget about when trying to catch a liar why people believe lies understand the 15 unique tells that clue you in when people may be lying to you how to look. At everything the body is doing and understand it from a kinesics perspective there's a body interpretation perspective how do men will teach you once again how to understand women better ladies we'll teach you how to understand men better we'll teach you how to eliminate behaviors that we can influence yet again and close more deals and get more dates and. Finally how to never be manipulated again this is a big it's a it's a big claim don't believe me get the course apply the material notice what happens okay. Total value now five thousand five hundred and eighty five dollars with everything if you could buy it on the website.

So let's review okay. We've got the secrets of face reading home study chorus diet at 1497 we've got the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1497 we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the vibrational healing and remote influence home study course 1497 value absolutely free people reading for fun and profit two-day intensive valued at 997 dollars we're going to give it to you free and. Finally the lie to me if you dare how to catch liar's crash course 97 value completely free total value if you grab this offer today it's 5 585. But as you can probably guess we're not going to stop there because here's my point i have such a a high degree of confidence not faith confidence in this material i want you to use it for 90 days test it take these puppies out test them see if they're not true see if they work for you use these secrets of personality transformation uh courses and if you're not using them to make more money closing more deals attracting more success and getting more of what you want in life and not feeling more secure and confident and powerful in what you're reading if you're not able to win in social encounters and be the irresistible version of yourself you want to be i'll give you your money back try it for 90 days test it right.

If it doesn't work pick up the phone give us a chance to walk you through any sticking points that you have if it's still not working we will refund your money and keep the courses as our way of saying thank you for for putting your faith in us okay. Like i said if it works keep it if it doesn't work let us help right. We have a stephanie is amazing at customer service she's amazing at guiding people people through sticking points and if there's something she can't walk you through. First person she's going to reach out to is me and i will answer your questions and we'll get you through it and if it's still not working for you we'll give you your money back no.

Questions asked okay. But give us a chance to help you more intimately and more personally okay. But you give it give it 90 days if it doesn't if it doesn't deliver ask for your money back okay. All you got to do to get yours is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face www.nlpower.com forward slash face.

But in case you were wondering as if this wasn't enough we've gotten more for those of you who are like to think of yourself as fast action takers if you grab this course before march 25th 2021 or 11 59 pm you get these bonuses too you're going to get a three month trial membership to our nlp power mastermind mentoring program let me go let me explain a little bit about what the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is the nld power mastermind mentoring program has been a uh prac a hands-on practice group that has been running non-stop since october of 2010. um it is not a certification group it is a group of people who get together on the. Third saturday of every month and on that. Third saturday of every month i literally go around the room and i say alert girl what do you want to learn holly what do you want to learn ashlynn what do you want to learn jeff what do you want to learn john what do you want to learn jim what do you want to learn i had a lot of josh's and j words in my group catherine what do you want to learn right. I just go around the room sometimes we have 20 people sometimes we have five sometimes we have a hundred well not quite we have it i think the most we've ever had it was about 50 in a when we livestreamed it.

But we literally go around the room and i ask what you want to learn i write them on my little board i look. At where they all connect i create a lesson plan right. On the spot and for the. Next four hours i drill you on those skills either in person or virtually until you can do them in your sleep the end of that four hours you go out into the world to apply your newly honed skills to create better results you come back on the.

Next saturday. Third saturday of the month and i'm going to ask you the same thing what do you want to learn now what do you want to learn now what do you want to learn now what do you want to learn now write them on the board we drill and we skill you will not get a certification from your your your trial membership in the mastermind what you will get is real world hands-on skills that you can use out there to get everything you want we've been running that course or that program non-stop to 2021 now for going on 11 years we have videotaped and archived every single session for the. Last 10 and a half years and it's stored in three places part of it is stored on the nlp power website part of it is archived on our private facebook. Group part of it is is is uh archived on our private platinum members youtube channel and our gold members youtube channel.

So as part of your three-month trial membership you get access to the entire archive for that three months. So not only do you get to roll up your sleeves with people who like to do cool stuff just like you you get to binge watch 11 years of content that has never seen youtube with very few maybe one or one to five videos is uh you know most people released hundreds of hours of video right. If you like it after if you if you like it after three months reach out to stuff and let her know you want to continue your subscription if you don't tell her just to take your name off the group we'll remove you from all the groups and you had an amazing time right. Um it's a 594 value we should actually charge more like fifteen hundred ninety four dollars.

But uh we're gonna give it to you free just because we want you not only to have the information to watch the information to to consume it at your leisure we want you to have the opportunity to do the most important thing the most important thing is roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills network and interact with people just like you who have stuff they want to work on and are looking for partners nothing makes a person good faster than actually getting in in an interaction with people and getting feedback on it in a non-seminar environment. So if you want to take your skills whether it's face reading whether it's influence whether it's hypnosis coaching regression trauma work energy healing manifestation copywriting sales doesn't matter every application is available to practice in the mastermind and that's one of the cool things about the mastermind one of the reasons i'm. So good at what i do is because every month for the. Last 11 years i had one guy that wants to learn how to do regression i have another guy who wants to learn how to pick up chicks i have another girl once learn how to pick up guys and i have another person over here who wants to write better email copy and i have to find a way to integrate all of those things with a common thread.

So everybody gets what they want. So it's forced me to think about things in a very different way and it'll do the same for you right. The more you interact with people the more you roll up your sleeves and do the drills and get the skills better off you're going to be okay. So we're going to give you three months to try it out if you like it stay if not you had a great time okay.

But we're not going to stop there if you if you grab one of these special promotional packages today we're also going to throw in total value by the way six thousand one hundred and seventy nine dollars um we're also gonna throw in face reading for fun and profit level two home study course this is a class we taught one time we videotaped it we have not released the level two course to the public after i'm done presenting this and we start doing the the back end of the webinar i'll share with you some highlights some things that we taught in face reading level two. So you can appreciate the difference this is a 1497 value it picks up or face reading level one left off it teaches you profiles of the face it teaches you how to how to read the age markings on the face how to understand uh personality and temperament the five elements trauma history things of that nature it takes you to the. Next level okay. It's a 1497 value this is yours absolutely free in fact one of the things you'll find out when you when you get this course is that when i went to teach this class i didn't realize that i had geniuses in my audience i had prepared where i thought was like three to five days worth of material they went through it all in two i had to make up more i had to make more stuff to teach them uh and.

So you'll actually see me bringing out stuff i had no. Intention of teaching okay. Uh. Anyway uh 1497 value which is absolutely free uh combined value of everything i've talked about.

So far is seven thousand six hundred and seventy six dollars. But we're again we're not done this has never been released and i don't know when will be released out to the public. So for the. Next 25 people who register today and if you've already started clicking the link you you qualify for this this goes really fast.

So please bear with me for the. First 25 people who register today you're going to get the face reading for fun and profit virtual live three-day certification boot camp scheduled for april 9th to the 11th 2021. it's what we call a vip super ticket this vip super ticket is good for any single live event in our 2021 2020 calendar okay. So if you can't make the face reading online which i don't see why you couldn't um you can use it for one of our other live events it's a 1950 value. But for those of you who decide to use to jump into the face reading for fun and profit virtual training we are also going to give you absolutely free a complete video copy of your training.

So not only will you have the opportunity to have the face reading for fun and profit home study course that we talked about initially you'll also get a copy of the training that you've attended. So you can actually watch your own breakouts you can watch people interacting and you can relive that event over and over and over again okay. Total value for this whole package right. Here is three thousand four hundred and forty seven dollars that would be 1950 plus the 1497 video we're going to give it to you absolutely free all you got to do is pick up the phone and let stephanie know that you want to use that that vip ticket for the virtual face reading program or if you want to hold on to it and wait until we do a live one you can do that too okay.

But i know a lot of you want to get started when i jump down that rabbit hole as fast as possible this is going to be the easiest way for you to do that. So you're going to become again if you come to the live event this is a virtual training you will be issued a provisional certified face reading level one certificate uh you'll learn how to instantly read people's personalities understand how they think feel and behave measure their sexual or romantic compatibility their current state of physical and emotional health you'll be able to uncover and resolve forgotten traumas uh stuff they didn't even know they were holding on to you'll learn how about their relationships with their parents and their siblings and how that's affecting their work at home in life and their relationships you'll understand how they make decisions uh the secrets they keep you know are are they more private or public and much much more it's a very very cool course this is again one of my favorite courses to teach because it allows us to really understand people uh from both sides of the equation both from an active profiling which is how to detect liars cheaters and stuff and also what kind of emotional lifestyle do they actually lead okay. Total value of everything i've talked about. So far if you were to buy it from the website which you can't because some of this stuff simply isn't available is eleven thousand one hundred and twenty three dollars okay.

So again just to recap secrets of face feeding home study course valued at 1497 you're going to get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1497 you're going to get it absolutely free you're going to get the vibrational healing energy healing and remote influence home study course 1497 value absolutely free you're going to get the people reading for fun and profit 2 day intensive 997 value absolutely free you're going to get the light if you dare how to catch liars crash course 97 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and for the. First 25 people who grab this course before the deadline these fast action bonuses go away when i log off the webinar this other package will stay around for maybe 24 hours afterwards. But these fast action bonuses these fabs as i call them. Later on the nlp power mastermind practice group trial 594 value free we're going to give you the face reading level 2 pre-release version 1497 value free and we're going to give you that free vip super ticket plus a video copy of your own personal training for a total value of 3447. we're going to give it to you absolutely free for the.

First 25 people who uh grab this course tonight and scott's asking is a payment plan available the answer is uh yes. Total value of this course is eleven thousand one hundred twenty three dollars. But we're not going to charge that we're not even going to charge just half of it we're not going to charge you 6 000. we're not even going to charge you half of that we're not going to charge you 26 697. you can grab all of this amazing cool stuff today you can start downloading and watching it instantly today only for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need to you can break that and all you got to do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face that's www.nlpower.com forward slash face and if you want to you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 and all you need to do to uh to get the payment plan if you need it is just reach out to stephanie let her know that you want to do a payment plan her number is eight five eight hold on a. Second eight five eight two eight two four six six three if the line is busy keep calling because again people rush to do this um if you get an answering machine or the voicemail please please please leave your message please please please everyone say something about an x coming back here at berserker 100 x is an extra reason are you looking at okay.

That's not anything i need. So again today only 997 or three easy installments of just 397. once again this expires at 11 59 pm today it's march 25th these fast action bonuses um the webinar special itself expires at 11 59 pm the fast action bonuses go away when i end the webinar. So if i'm on for another hour or two hours teaching you other cool stuff um you can you still have a chance. But the moment i log off this webinar the vip ticket and the extra video go away the face reading level two package goes away and the uh the chance to work hand you know personally with me in the mastermind group goes away.

So again i just i'm again it's and everything here is worth it at full price. But if you want the biggest bang for your buck i highly encourage you to grab this amazing package it's probably the best thing you can do because it has the best of both worlds it has all the information you're going to need plus it gives you the chance to do the one thing that makes wimps into warriors in terms of this material it gives you the chance to come to a live event and interact with me and get this stuff really really imprinted inside of you. So that you own these techniques okay. That's my job to make you awesome.

But i can't multiply zeros if you don't show up i can't i can't help you right. So by all means you know grab the the face reading for fun and profit home secrets of personality transformation home study course uh 1497 dollar value the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course is a 1497 value you're going to get that free vibrational healing remote influence and energy healing made easy 1497 value once again it's a freebie bonus people reading for fun and profit how to catch a liar crash course 97 we're gonna give it to you free and. Finally those super fast action bonuses the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group trial and the archive the 10 years of archive video way more than 594 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free. So you can take your skills to the.

Next level without having to leave your house or if you want to leave your house when we start doing live things again you can come and do it that way we're going to give you face reading for fun and profit level 2 that's never been released you can't find it on the website we're going to give it to you before anybody can buy it 497 value and. Finally that free vip super ticket i should probably tell you something about that super ticket you have it until you use it if it takes you two years to cash in that ticket well it's good all you gotta do is pick up the phone that's stephanie know you want to use that ticket she'll move you to the event if something comes up at the. Last minute and you can't get to the event you've reserved a seat for pick up the phone let stephanie know we'll move you to another event if you want to gift that ticket to a friend or a loved one. So that they can have a live experience we can do that too okay.

Price points to the events no. Longer matter right. If the price of that you want to come to is 997 or 1497 right. Now and a year.

Later it jumps up to 22.50 which it may very well do that it doesn't matter that vip ticket will still get you in okay. You have it until you use it you don't even need to know what training you want to attend you just have to have your name in our database as a vip ticket holder and when you're ready to cash in stephanie will take care of you. So again total value for all this wonderful stuff is one hundred twenty three dollars today you can get it all for just one low installment of 997 or if you need to you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 and all you got to do to get it is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face www.nlpower.comforwardslash face that will redirect you to a page www.nlpower.com forward slash face i would really do that now if i were you if you if you're at all interested in anything that i shared with you today this is your chance to get the biggest bang for your buck because i promise you the prices will go up and they will go up a lot very very soon i can't tell you why that's true. But that it is um and again i'm not trying to pull a scarcity tactic it's just our overhead's going up and.

So we have to pass that on unfortunately that being said i'm going to give i'm going to give you guys a seven minute restroom and potty break and. Then what we're going to do is we're going to circle back and we're going to finish the emotional map of the face we're going to transition into decision strategies and. Then if you guys want to we'll talk a bit about the shen aspect we'll talk about psychopaths sociopaths lie detection things of that nature and. Then i'll answer any other questions that you have that may be relevant to the topic of how to understand and read people does that sound like a plan type in the chat if you think that sounds like a good plan after you click the links for the nlp power thing cool excellent thank you scott all right.

So i'm gonna go ahead and i'm gonna leave this on uh on the screen for you while i use my seven minute restroom break to get rid of my borrowed coffee when we come back we will circle back and um begin teaching again from the emotional map of the face okay. See you soon by the way if you do have questions go ahead and type them in the chats on the break because i will read those and if i don't answer them right. Away i'll answer them uh in the follow-up to uh to the webinar. So go ahead and again type your questions in because if you don't type them you may forget them you you you you you all right.

Folks hopefully uh everybody's gone potty got their coffee their chocolate all kinds of good stuff. So once again um if you haven't gone to wwe forward slash face and reserve one of the. Last remaining packages please when would now be a good time to do that just to reiterate um you're going to get the secrets of face reading home study course valued at 1497 and along with that you're gonna get a ton of free i just got the email excellent um identity by design hypnotherapy home study course you're getting at 1497 value absolutely free you're going to get the vibrational healing energy healing and remote influence home study course 1497 value absolutely free vibrational healing and energy healing remote influence course 1497. also yours free by the way if anybody's interested we're actually doing a vibrational healing seminar i think in june or july check with stephanie to see if you qualify for that. But um because usually you have to have killer influence under your belt before you do that.

But if you have might be a good thing people reading for fun and profit today intensive 997 by once again you're gonna get that absolutely free uh lie to me if you dare how to catch liar's crash course right. At 97 and of course the fab bonuses fab of course standing for fast action bonuses they're also kind of fab the number one nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group trial and archive 594 value face tweeting for fun and profit level two pre-release version home study course provided at 1497. Then of course our fab bonus number three which is our um our three day face reading for fun and profit virtual certification boot camp plus you get to keep a personal video copy of your zoom interventions or zoom interactions uh for the. First 25 people to grab this that course will launch for three days april 9th through the 11th and we've done from the comfort of your own living room total value of all that good stuff is 11 123 all of it can be yours today for just one low installment of 9.97 or three easy payments of just 3.99 all you got to do is go to www.nlpower.comforwardslash face aram sanchez is asking where's the location of the live seminars until further notice all of our live events take place at the orleans hotel and casino.

In las vegas nevada and we will be there through july we are working on doing some events in florida. But those have yet to be ironed out. So as of now everything we're doing is in las vegas it's the easiest place in the country to get to uh the orleans is easily one of the most affordable locations and they took. They take a real good care of us uh when they're there when we're there.

So we we really want you to come out and see with us okay. Uh. So let's see here. So i'm gonna go ahead and jump back from the powerpoint to my face to face with you and you guys what questions do you guys have do you want to pick up with back with the emotional map of the face or do you want to do something else okay.

So we left off at what we left off at bitterness uh over nurturing and um disappointment right. So now one of the things i want to caution you against there's two markings that people often can confuse one for the other the disappointment marking is a wrinkle that descends down [Music] from the corner of the mouth okay. Disappointment is a wrinkle that should not be you'll learn about this in uh either face reading one the end of face reading one or face reading two um that should not be confused with a downturned mouth which is a little which means something else okay. So again if it's a wrinkle that descends down from the corner of the mouth you're looking at disappointment if it's a downturn mouth in other words the corners of the mouth themself are turned down now you're looking at um actually more of a pessimistic outlook.

Okay. Uh rich wealthy is asking can you speak about guilt shame and fear of course i can of course i can um and i will. So let's go jump back to our our face stuff where where is that oh i closed it there we are let me try that again there we go all right. So back to the face.

So we've covered the. First half of the face right. We've covered skepticism joy sadness sorrow grief humor bitterness we've covered over nurturing we've covered disappointment we've covered humor we've covered bitterness um we've also talked a little bit about mania or hyperactivity. Next one i want to talk about is what we call fear fear manifests on the chin now if you go back to this map i showed you earlier you'll see that the chin itself is related to the organ of the kidney now the the kidney organ as well as the bladder are both related to what we call the water element and again you don't need to understand elements to do the system i'm teaching you if you're doing it classically it helps right.

So this is what we call a water area of the face and what's interesting about it is that the characteristics and correspondences of this particular body segment or body location are the willpower and fear. So one of the things you'll notice if people who have a lot of adrenal fatigue people who um have a lot of knee pains things of that nature these are all areas of the body that the kidney meridian the kidney the kidney energy system runs through. So when people are holding on to a lot of fear that fear energy will migrate to water element locations in the body one of which is the forehead another is the chin and. So the chin is where fear tends to show up and when i'm talking about fear i'm talking about repressed fear people who are in a chronic state of fearfulness that is always just below the surface now the problem i have with this diagram is that it shows it shows these markings as like wrinkles and clinically that's not how i see fear manifesting when i see fear and i do see fear on the chin.

But when i see it i see it more like little dimples like little dots now these dots will tend to show up when somebody is actively in a fearful state. But if you meet somebody who's not in an obviously fearful state and these markings are there what you're seeing is somebody who's repressed a lot of fear somewhere in their body and it's marking on their chin okay. And. So um when you see this understand that you're probably going to be dealing with some kind of childhood abuse or trauma social phobias things like that.

But it's long-standing okay. Does that make sense does chinese medicine and face reading work differently or less reliable in reading psychopaths no. You just read different things psychopaths and sociopaths specifically by the way there is no. Such thing as a clinical definition in the dsmv 5 of a psychopath psychopath just means mentally ill.

So mentally ill can be just about anything from ocd to extreme neurosis right. Or dissociative identity disorder. So psychopathy is really not a workable diagnosis okay. When we talk we're talking about predatory personalities we're talking about the classical narcissistic personality disorder we're talking about machiavellians we're talking about sociopathic people um and.

Then when those things manifest together they're known as a dark triad and we have we have actually have a whole mini course that we did to our for our private youtube people um on how to create how to catch liars cheaters and other narcissistic a-holes um. So if you're a member of our platinum group our level or higher our platinum youtube membership program uh those videos the part one and two are both available in your uh your platinum members area you can go look. You can go watch those videos we show you all the deception indicators or common tactics things of that nature we can touch on a little bit here when we get to the shen part. But to answer your question kate um when we look.

For sociopaths we're looking in the eyes. Almost almost completely and i'll show you again it'll take me a few minutes to find the pictures because again i wasn't prepared to go that direction today um. But if you'll bear with me while i look. For the pictures i'm happy to show you what some of these things look.

Like okay. And keep in mind there's other things you've got to uh you've got you've got you've got to factor in just like no. Single behavioral cue means anything just because someone has a lazy eye doesn't necessarily mean they're a psychopath or sociopath right. Um.

So armada says i don't have an account yet i don't know how to make one go to the community tab and it should be a link there for um for creating whatever there's three levels to it um and i'm sure if you guys reach out to stephanie or brandon they can help you with that yes. People trades change based on the emotions that they're processing okay. So we're at fear right. The.

Next one we go up is actually one of the better ones this is again one of those occasions where there's actually some good lines that we want to have this one starts from the corner of the allen nasi uh and it works down towards the corner of the mouth and among all the many lines that can manifest on the face this is one of the ones we want these are called purpose lines or in some cases the chinese term is following okay. These lines tend to show up when we are doing things that are in harmony with our golden path that are in harmony with what brings more spirit into our bodies they're an indication that we're doing our life's work or at least we're closer to our life's work than the average bear right. The chinese used to say if you reach the age of 50 and you don't have these you're in trouble right. So uh the chinese say you know you're never closer to your original face than when you're born and by the time you reach the age of 50 you've got the face you deserve.

So they're a little bit uh negative well i would say negative. But they're a little bit catty that way okay. But when you have these lines it shows that you're and again going back to um this idea of public versus private we divide the face down the center the right. Side of the face equals your public face the left side of your face equals your private.

So if we look. At these these purpose lines if we look. At these purpose lines and they're obviously more developed on the public side we can deduce that this person is in a career path that is in harmony with their golden path their the destiny or the mission that it came to earth to fulfill we can also extrapolate that their home life isn't nearly as satisfying or healthy for them as what they need we can also extrapolate the op the reverse if somebody's got a a very strong purpose line on their private side. But a very faint one or a very short one on their public side we could extrapolate that at home they're living the life they love if they're.

But their job is is not fulfilling them it's not moving them forward. So if your face looks like a prune it means you need to drink a whole lot more water and you got a lot of work to do. But if you do the work miss t those wrinkles will fade now there's a lady named kelly who works with my teacher lillian and she they show pictures of of uh of kelly 20 years ago when she started doing face reading and they put a picture to her that was taken like. Last year and she looks 20 years younger and she's done nothing.

But clear up our own do i have a purpose line yes. I do i have a couple right. Might be might be hard to see with the lighting. But yes.

And my purpose lines tend to get bigger when i teach okay. So questions about falling lines or purpose lines before i move on those who have questions for stephanie you can reach her at stephanie at nlpower.com and you can go to http colon backslash [Music] www.www.nlpower.com forward slash face for those of you again in case our youtubers didn't catch that yeah one of the things that happens is is the face is a face accumulates wrinkles uh based on the degree of emotional toxicity that we're holding in our body as we unpack the emotions marked on the face those wrinkles will disappear herman segay says i'm 32. But don't have any purpose lines okay. Is the job you're doing fulfilling you if it's not you need to start exploring yourself the lady tina says yeah like reverse the process yes.

It's really it's real it's weird it's the it's the one of the weirdest and in planet david weird is kind of the word of the day. But when you see this happen and it happens over zoom i was working with a lady one time and we were and she had she had little life where basically her entire family had just repressed her every time she wanted to express herself they told her she wasn't she was stupid she was dumb that was it would never work all these things and when we started the um we started this the session she had she had relatively thick eyebrows. But like it was flat up here right. And as we're going through the process and we're clearing all her stuff at some point we clear this we clear this one thing i look.

Up and she's got like a franken brow it's like her she literally grew bone in the space of like two minutes it just popped out like a turkey baster or like one of those turkey thermostats pop out like when the turkey's done it was the craziest thing i've ever seen and. But don't take my word for it there are seasoned experienced face readers uh on the chats here who've experienced the exact same thing ask them to tell you their stories robert says i have purpose lines and they're both pretty big sweet good job robert or simon robert do you like do you want simon do you like robert what do you like um some people refer to them as laugh lines uh the chinese refer to them i think that i think the technical term is falling i call them purpose lines because to me that's what they indicate and generally speaking if you're on track with your life you tend to smile a whole lot more. So there tends to be a whole lot more joy in what you're doing. So moving forward um we're going to get into some lines that again don't take these the wrong way if you if you look.

At the face from a side view i don't know if you can i don't know if i can zoom in let me see if i can zoom in on my face oh no. I don't want to oh darn it uh hold on a. Second i clicked the wrong button let me see i want to see if i can zoom in it's not going to let me nope it's not going to let me zoom in oh yes. I can okay.

Good. So right. Here okay. So now i don't know if you can see.

But i have some lines like right. In front of my ears right. Here they're like little wrinkly almost like little gills i don't know if you can see them okay. Those are what we call auditory intuition lines and auditory intuition lines are actually a result of a form of ptsd uh it's technically it's um i want to say let me move my my zoomer back here okay.

All right. So. So what happens with people with these auditory intuition lines is that these people grew up in a less than safe environment they grew up in an environment where people constantly they had to constantly listen between the lines to figure out what mood someone was in to figure out what might set them off you guys know what i'm talking about you know when you have to walk on eggshells all the time and really pay attention to what people are saying and how they're saying it. So you know what not to say you guys know what i'm talking about if you understand what i'm talking about type that in the chat okay.

Cool. So when you see people with these lines they have really good detectors people with this marking tend to develop the ability to read between the lines to hear what's not being said the technical term i think is subtext right. They can they can incongruent especially auditory incongruities tend to just jump right. Out at them and.

So i call them good detectors. But it actually and it's a great skill and it's a great characteristic. Later on in life. But it doesn't start out that way it starts as a self-protection mechanism for people growing up in very threatening um and dangerous environments well you had to be really careful about what you said and who you said it too you know um lillian talks about and i can relate to this really really well she could tell when her husband got home by the way he closed the car door what mood he was in right.

His ability her ability to and she has these lines in spades most good therapists do by the way um. But a lot of good lawyers have this a lot of coaches have this good sales people um. But it doesn't start off as it's one of those it's one of those kind of diamond you know starts off as being this lump of carbon crap that you have to deal with and. Then.

Later on as you evolve when you move out of those environments if you do it becomes a really powerful superpower like a really useful superpower to have where you can just listen to people and and you know they're lying to you you just can hear it in their voices and the incongruities. So it's really really useful yes. Like children growing up with alcoholic parents very common very common because you never know what's going to set them off right. And that's again something i want you guys to be very aware of let me find my whiteboard disappeared again darn it hold on a.

Second okay. So that's really useful. But here's here's the uh the flip side to this the location of where this particular marking is is over the triple warmer gallbladder area of the face the triple warmer is part of the meridian system that controls water metabolism in the body this can also this marking can also indicate a tendency towards water metabolism issues specifically dehydration now here's um why this is important because this is what happened with me some of you may resonate with this if you have this marking okay. There is a tendency not in addition to being very good at catching liars and artists and things like that there's a tendency towards dehydration okay.

So people with this tendency when they're aware of it tend to drink a lot more fluids now the problem with that is is that the more fluids you drink the more electrolytes you tend to flush out of your body because we replenish the water. But we don't replenish the electrolytes and when you have a lack of potassium and magnesium and other trace minerals in your body you start to develop heart palpitations and it can often manifest and what we we often misconstrue is panic attacks. So if you have these markings and you also tend to have heart palpitations or what you think are panic attacks there's a good chance that what you're dealing with is an electrolyte deficiency due to dehydration and drinking too much water and not replenishing those trace minerals. So i bring this up because i figured this out on my own individually i figured out that a lot of my heart palpitations were actually because of a lack of electrolytes and.

So when i actually put the electrolytes back into my diet i started supplementing with them the palpitations almost went away when i was practically overnight and they didn't come back as long as i get my electrolyte balance up. But. Then i realized i knew i had water metabolism issues from a long time ago. But i never correlated this marking with this because of the electrolyte connection.

So if you have these markings and you tend to experience rapid heartbeats tachycardia right. Irregular heartbeats what's your electrolyte balance look. Like you might want to start considering ex go to a physician. First and experiment with supplementing if you drink a lot of caffeine which has a diuretic effect you can also kind of promote that uh that dehydration process you can facilitate it okay.

So again just a little fun factoid you uh you know check with your physician before you know making any diagnosis or anything like that valerie's asking can it also be just an environment where the person just wants to say the right. Thing. So yes. 100 percent again any place where you have to pay extra special attention to what is said and how it is interpreted these markings will develop it's a form of hyper vigilance term is auditory hyper-vigilance okay.

It seems like a lot of people have this sure not true type in the chat if you got this did we lose are we people are not typing did i lose you all if you're here type i'm here in the chat damn it i don't know says oh i feel attacked i don't know what you're feeling attack from. But that's all right. Uh let's see here. So our youtubers are having fun over there all right.

There's brent cool all right. All right. Our zoomers are just kind of hanging out i joined a lot hey nathan welcome spiritual says i'm here good good good okay. Cool all right.

Moving on um. So we've got purpose lines auditory intuition another line you want to pay attention to and again i've i've got to show you my ear again okay. So hold on a. Second okay.

So on this one all right. So if you can if you can hold on okay. If you look. Very carefully you'll see little tiny wrinkles in my earlobe right.

Here right. On the lobe itself those those markings indicate blood pressure irregularities now this doesn't necessarily mean you have high blood pressure let me put the picture back up there we go okay. So i'll use this side over here. So you can see a little bit better.

So the markings look. Like little wrinkles in the earlobe right. Sometimes it's one sometimes it's two these indicate that you have a you tend to have erratic blood pressure. So sometimes your blood pressure is high sometimes your blood pressure's low the other psycho psychological characteristic that goes and i have this in spades by the way is an a tendency to be overreactive to shocks and and surprises.

So like for example let's say let's say i'm walking down a hallway and one of my friends jumps out and tries to surprise me right. And let's say the normal level of surprise that i would have gotten would be a six if i have these markings it'll probably shoot up to a nine and i'll probably pee myself okay. So when when you have these these these markings sometimes you have high blood pressure sometimes you have really low blood pressure it's just a very disregulated um you just go to extremes right. And.

So you have to be careful if you have these lines spend more time meditating spend more time uh clearing your stuff and just becoming a little bit more mindful and present and make sure you watch your diet and get enough exercise just to keep your cardiovascular system healthy okay. Is that useful if you think it's useful type it in the chat okay. So my zoomers i apologize because for some mysterious reason like zoom doesn't like to tell me you're actually responding it'll just it'll just archive all your little responses on a little red tag in the lower right. Hand corner and it doesn't show me them unless i actually click on it.

So i'm not sure what's going on with zoom this t says the mouse starts out yeah that'll do it allen says i'm taking notes here too cool lioness of guy says yes. Mixed with o plus o positive blood i startle hard yep yep okay. Good good we're on track okay. The.

Next one i want to talk about and interestingly as as common as this phenomena is i don't see this marking as often as i expected to and that marking is a diagonal line that starts at the outer canthus and moves towards the nose this is pain now this could be physical pain or it could be emotional pain i see this more often in my in cases of chronic or acute physical pain than i do emotional pain. But if you see somebody who is in no. Obvious physical distress and you see these markings once again they've they have a lot of internal suffering that they're holding on to and. So you want to again as a therapist if i'm using face reading as part of my clinical applications depending on what they're coming to see before i may want to unpack that now on a more machiavellian perspective i know that if somebody has deep markings here deep markings here that they are easily leveraged through the trait of sadness by talking about how they'll miss out on things how they'll lose out on things um they may not show it.

But they will act on it. So again for all the traits i'm showing you there is the therapeutic side the the healer side and. Then there's the influence tool side each of these emotional markings teach you about what has the most psychological leverage in a person's world kit james asks is the suspicion line good or bad neither uh skepticism is usually a protective mechanism that has developed as a way to to protect the person from getting taken advantage of. So in the long term it's good and as long as you can provide the skeptical person with the evidence they need to believe you.

Then you're okay. Where skepticism can kind of screw you up is if you have a viable solution to something and you present it to them in a way that they can't prove it they may not be 100 in your camp until they have the experience of it working for them right. Which is why i developed a lot of the technologies that i developed you see one of the problems that we have and maybe you guys can speak to this you know because you you're you're part of that pro that that public you know. So many of us on the internet are inundated with messages from people who are just plain full of right.

They're selling you snake oil they're selling you a lick and a promise as we say in the on the more um naughty side of the world right. Uh and they'll say well if you just believe it it'll work well what if that's the problem what if you you just can't bring yourself to believe it are you now stuck well you know cars work whether you believe in them or not airplanes work whether you believe in them or not. So there has to be a level of reality that is largely not. So dependent on our belief systems now don't get me wrong beliefs are important beliefs are powerful.

But some things are true some things work whether you believe in them or not right. And. So one of the things that that we do here at planet david is we say belief is not necessary following the instructions is right. We just we distill everything we do down to a mechanical process that anybody can do and if they do it with the right.

Mindset which is not about belief. But absorption and focus is very different if they do it you'll get a result right. Because i think we need something that we can test we have to be able to test the things that were taught to prove whether they have merit or not and if someone's not not willing to share something that you they can that's useful right. Off the bat that would raise my skepticism lines right.

But if i can take something off a youtube video apply it to my life and all of a sudden my life changes or an aspect that's been bothering me gets a whole lot better i'm gonna have a lot more faith in that person because i had a direct experience and. So these are things everything i'm teaching you is not about belief it's about just doing the getting it done and and calibrating if it works for you. So is skepticism good or bad no. It's ultimately it's good.

But sometimes it keeps us from actively engaging in a process that may help us simply because we're not willing to believe it'll work right. So i think in the long run it's a good thing i'm skeptical of pretty much everyone in my industry i know that's not going to make me popular with some of my peers. But i find that a healthy dose of skepticism and skepticism by the way should be contrast with being a believer i think bill bankston said this best he was once bill benson is the guy who created the bank's energy healing system he has more confirmed cures of healing and curing rats of cancer than any other energy healing system on the planet in double-blind laboratory controlled trials he once did us a lecture for the society of skeptics and he stood up in front of that entire room and he says i love skeptics it's believers i can't stand believers bother me you guys are all believers you bother me and every room every person in the room who was there with a skeptic badge on. So what do you mean this is the international society of the skeptics society goes no.

No. You guys have already decided what i'm about to teach you is that makes you a believer skeptic is someone who hasn't made up his mind yet right. And that to me was probably one of the most profound explanations of one word being hijacked for another purpose right. Um what's with the indentations on your forehead don't know what that means.

But. Anyway all right. So moving on getting back to this. So here we go uh one of the cooler lines that you can have is called a transformation line transformation line starts at about the hairline usually right.

Around the eyebrow line and. Then it starts to travel upward kind of like um like a rising sun these lines usually appear as a result of somebody who's gone through a long dark night of the soul and has some sort of spiritual awakening some transformation of their identity that leaves them currently they can't go back to the way they were they have some insight some personal enlightenment or satori that epiphany that results in a transformation that is systemic in them and. So when that happens you'll start to develop these these these lines that tend to radiate up from around the. Third eye area okay.

So these are called transformation lines now the. Next few lines we're going to talk about come in in threes we're going to start with three all right. Actually we'll start with two when you see a double wrinkle some people are asking about guilt and shame if you um you can measure guilt and shame let me this this is not on the map. So i'll have to show this to you guilt and or shame often manifest as extra skin between the eyebrows okay.

So if there's extra fleshiness between the eyebrows this tends to be someone who has a little bit more repressed shame or guilt okay. If it's very thin i mean if it's like i'm really thin which is surprising because i'm like the poster child for guilt and shame. But um. But yeah.

So if you can pinch that and there's a little extra flesh in there there's probably some repressed guilt and shame that needs unpacking when you see two lines like on the screen here this is somebody who has a tendency towards impatience they have a tendency towards annoyance and irritation they don't like you know when they're at the stoplight the light is turning uh uh red and they're already gunning the engine waiting for it to turn to turn green okay. These people will tend to be a little bit more um are you done yet are you done yet are we there yet um because this is a liver area. So the liver area tends to be the get it done energy in the body when you see one line let me just make this a big thick line for people when you see a big thick line down the center right. This is called a suspended needle or a suspended sword now this is very important because again this area goes if you look.

At our diagram over here this area of the body corresponds to the liver area the liver area is the get it done energy it's the energy that's focused on achievement and getting things done yesterday. So when you see people it's also the energy most most closely associated with anger and resentment. So when you see people with a big old line between the eyebrows what you're seeing is a blockage to their personal power that is a result of anger directed at a father figure okay. So let me let me extrapolate on this does everybody see the marking i'm talking about sometimes it's a really small one you know sometimes the marking is is no.

Bigger than this right. Sometimes it's massive like i have one of my associates has a massive marking right. Down the center just like this we call his suspended bazooka right. Now why why is this important and why do we need to get rid of it remember what i said about the liver energy the wood energy of the body being the get it done energy it's the energy that allows you to make your way in the world to express your power positively or negatively when you develop a marking here it's almost always the result of an expression of power that was punished in other words something happened you expressed your anger or your energy and the pushback from it was very very negative you got punished for it okay.

I see this a lot in sons sons and fathers whereas as the son gets older he starts to feel his oats he starts to come into his personal power he starts kind of expanding his boundaries starts trying to challenge dad a little bit right. And at some point sonny gets too big for his britches and boom dad lowers the boom on him right. And sometimes they get thrown out of the house sometimes they get they get a car taken away whatever it is that the the younger person often not always sometimes the other way around the younger person expresses their energy and they get punished for it uh lillian tells one story about a guy who was a college basketball player. Last game of the season and there was this one guy on the opposite team who just kept playing dirty ball kept fouling him checking him knocking it down and just laughing at him because he would he knew how to get around the refs the reps wouldn't catch it and like the.

Last of the game this guy checked him he fouled him he went down and when he got up he looked at the guy with that smirk on his face and he just blasted the guy right. Upside the jaw i think i think he was on the jar. Anyway he hit the guy. So hard he put the guy in the hospital he actually wound up getting um suspended from the game he wound up almost doing jail time right.

And i think i don't think he was even allowed to finish this season he developed a massive line right. Here okay. Because what happened was the unconscious part of him said okay. That was not good i can never ever let that happen again and the unconscious mind says block it take it makes an arbitrary you guys know what a governor is like if you're on if you're in a car that has a governor it'll go up to 60 miles an hour 65 miles an hour no.

Matter how hard you press the gas it won't go any faster when somebody has a line here whether it's small or big when somebody has a line here what they've literally done is they put a governor on their personal power and at some point in their life that block that move that that marking will manifest as an inability to go forward they'll reach a point in their life they'll achieve they'll achieve they'll achieve and. Then they'll just stop they won't go any further and they won't go any further they'll find ways to keep themselves at that level or even go backwards until they find a way to resolve that anger you've got to unpack it you've got to get someone like me or someone like my my my students uh trained in nlp hypnosis and on and face reading and unpack that anger and resolve that anger because that's a huge amount of your ability to get on your golden path that's not being tapped into okay. So i've seen this in women too right. And it's almost always it was it's almost always an anger directed at whoever had the most masculine role in that person's life back in the whole classical days it was always a father figure.

But now because there's a lot of different dynamics and relationships it's really whoever had the most young or masculine energy. But this is a big one i see this one a lot uh people i love have this line and and you know for some reason they just don't seem to want to clear it up maybe they're afraid of their power maybe they you know you know. But they you know i've talked to people and some and they know they have it. But they don't seem to want to get rid of it right.

It does go to permission kit absolutely right. So when you see this line this person has a whole lot more mojo waiting to come out than they're they're expressing right. If you have it you might want to get on the phone with us or get one of our packages. So you can clear this stuff up yourself because that's what identity by design is supposed to do can this lead to fear of success indirectly yes.

Um and it's because it's it's not a fear of the success it's a fear of being punished for expressing the power because the the. Last time it was expressed the punishment was. So severe that they just they just said no. I'm not ever going to take this chance again okay.

So i hope that answers your question tasina says i have cptsd well we can work with that we're survivors david yes. Absolutely right. Okay. So um here's what we're gonna do just a reminder um it's getting close to the end we're gonna start going into some of your other questions soon.

But just for those of you who came in late we do have a last-minute opportunity for you guys to um grab a hold of one of our few remaining packages uh this is our webinar special that expires at 11 59 pm these fast action bonuses down here expire when i log off the webinar it's our face reading for fun and profit home study course now if you have any of the markings that i've talked about and you need to get rid of them you need to get this course because it will show you how to find them what they mean and what to do to get rid of them that's why i put this course together the way that i did because once you know what the markings mean what they imply you can use your identity by design techniques to help get rid of them and you can use vibrational healing to build on that process okay. So did anybody design hypnotherapy on study course is a 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you vibrational healing the remote influence and energy healing systems made easy home study course it's a 1497 value we're going to give it to you free we're going to teach you how to read the rest of the body through people reading for fun and profits the 997 course uh we're going to give it to you free we're going to give you the how to the lighting if you dare how to catch a liar crash course diet at 97 absolutely free for those of you who are among the. First 25 people to register before i log off the webinar tonight you're going to get the nlp power mastermind practice group three-month trial membership and the 10-year archive uh 594 value absolutely free right. Yeah you're going to get the net the the pre-release version of our face reading for fun and profit level 2 training with the extra bonus material 1497 value you cannot get this on the website at all and you're going to receive a free vip bonus ticket to our.

Next live face reading event or our virtual face reading event you're also going to get a bonus copy of that training. So whatever training you attend you're going to get a free video copy of the training you attend in addition to all the other videos that are listed in this package it's a total value of uh three thousand four hundred and forty seven dollars just for that one bonus total value is eleven thousand one hundred and twenty three dollars you can get it all today for just one low investment one low installment of 997 or if you need to you can break it up into three easy installments of 3.99 that should be 399.397 uh all you got to do to get it is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face www dot nlp power dot com forward slash face once again www.nlpower.com forward slash face uh scott is asking if i made the. First payment 397 what all content do i get and how do i access it reach out to stephanie directly she will answer all of those questions for you that's why she is my administrative goddess okay. Um.

So that being said let's talk about some other stuff um the. Last lines i want to talk about on the face in terms of emotions are very similar they're very very similar to this line. But these lines emerge from the side of the nose and they travel diagonally down the edge of the nose my teacher lillian calls these disempowerment lines and i really kind of have a problem with that word because i don't think it actually um i don't think it actually want a. Second i've got to change my screen.

So once again the lines i'm talking about are right. Here they start at the inner campus a lot of times and they travel diagonally down the side of the nose okay. Hold on a. Second my daughter's coming up here okay.

And my teacher lillian bridges calls these disempowerment lines and if you get her book. Uh face reading in chinese medicine um you'll see this as a disempowerment line. But i don't call the i don't call them disempowerment lines because i don't think that the word disempowerment accurately describes the behavior. So i call these particular lines appeasement lines and let me explain that just like suspended needle and suspended sword this person their boundaries were infringed upon they they expressed their power they said no.

In some way and what happened was this person when they expressed their anger and they pushed back the the retaliation for them trying to maintain their boundary was. So severe that rather than just lock down their power this person decided to lapse into appeasement in other words they tried to placate the person's anger they tried to make things better to make things right. Okay. The person with suspended needle they just repress okay.

They may even get passive aggressive this person wants to make things all better this person will not express their anger they will not if someone like again and i don't i don't mean this in a disparaging way how many of you got i'm sorry my nose is itching like crazy how many of you guys remember an old television show called all in the family just type it in if you remember the show if you don't you can probably find copies of it okay. If you do remember you're as old as i am right. Yes. Eat it right.

Well edith is exactly who i'm talking about the the the character of edith played by actress maureen stapleton was the poster child for appeasement stockholm syndrome right. For lack of a better word anytime archie was pissed off anytime archie was mad at something edith would do whatever she could do to make it all better right. You will see this you will see this behavior in a in a large variety large majority of abusive relationships when there's a lot of domestic abuse going on you will see somebody manifesting appeasement lines okay. Not always.

But many times i've had people come into my clinic it looks like somebody took. An x-acto knife and just scratched and draw and dremeled those lines right. Into their nose these are people that have very weak boundaries that if they feel like they have offend they've given a fence in any way they will bend over backwards to make things right. Okay.

Anybody here who's worried about uh sociopaths and narcissists see a flag here do you think people with this kind of marking might be more easy prey to those kinds of people right. So we need if we have these we need to fix that we need to fix it we need to fix it fast okay. Again i'm not trying to scare anyone. But there are certain there are again you got to remember that social predators which is where we're going to what we're going to talk about a little bit before we end the webinar because i promised you i would social predators are amazingly good hunters what that means is they have a type they know what to look.

For in terms of speech behavior body language okay. And if you don't understand the flags you're sending out you have no. Clue who's reading you and who's and who's targeting you okay. So face reading in terms of profiling ourself gives us the ability to pinpoint things we didn't even know it was a problem yep uh bill chan says i noticed somebody in her early twenties doesn't have any lines.

But when she laughs i noticed the piece of lines yes. Yes. Many times these these emotions these these particular lines only manifest during the emotion. But if they've had a lot of it if their emotional life is full of this these experiences they'll mark even when um even when they're not expressing the emotion or feeling the emotion and here's what i mean by that how many of you have heard of something called micro expressions yes.

Or no. Type in it if you've heard of micro expressions um just type it in the chat okay. Here's how i look. At face reading versus ekman's work on micro expressions micro expressions for those of you who don't know what micro expressions are when whenever a human being attempts to repress or or control and emotion the emotion starts to leak they take conscious control over it and.

So they'll get these little little these little tiny little micro expression movements paul ekman discovered these and and correlated them as a way of they they manifest when people are repressing an emotion when you look. At face reading and the markings in the face what you are seeing are the consequences of a lifetime of micro expressions the more times you you you go through you flex those muscles the more you're going to mark it okay. So they're very much different. But complementary ways of unmasking the face and exploring um exploring how people process armada interceptor says how do i search for my for enemy lines i don't know what an enemy line is you have to you have to explain that to me armada okay.

So has this been useful. So far yes. Or yes. Cool excellent all right.

So type in the chat what you guys want to talk about. Next this is it's now your webinar you tell me what you want thank you aaron i appreciate you aaron cross has uh made a donation and i truly appreciate his uh his um his donation and his gratitude thank you i'm grateful for your great i'm glad you're enjoying the show okay. Can i get an amen yes. You can amen brothers and sisters right.

I gotta tell you i you know long before i i came across face reading many many years ago i was interested in it. But i had other priorities at the time and i'm glad i followed those. But i was meant to do this part you know face reading was meant to be part of the the message i bring to the world to empower people and short of nlp and um handwriting analysis it has been one of the most powerful human understanding tools and influence tools i've come across i have never found it to be wrong i've had people lie to me and. Then prove me right.

Later right. Okay. Uh in order to fix dissociation from emotions you have to unpack the emotional trauma bill and that is an outside the purview of this class. But if you want to know how to do that um the face reading for fun and profit package and the personality transformation program that i talked about will give you all those tools.

But i highly recommend after you learn them you you teach them to somebody and when they're competent enough have them run you through it or call us and we'll run you through it three-sided white eyes. Also sends red flags yes. There's a i have a whole module in uh face reading one on three-sided eyes. Let me see what we got here all right.

So you guys want to talk a little bit about uh some some no. Some no-nos yes. No. Um.

So um ashley it's ashlyn saying i have the fear dots most noticeable when i get zip lipped how do we unpack these traumas is it a point yes. Everything in our in our in our therapeutic applications ashland is going to start with point to where you feel it and unpack it okay. Mst said someone analyzed my friend's handwriting and said she was not getting none um that can show up in handwriting miss t absolutely yeah okay. All right.

So let's talk a little bit about the bad guys shall we okay. So when we start to look. At predators for those of you interested in private sessions i don't really discuss my private sessions in the webinar. But if you reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 um she can answer those questions for you i want to say let me just scroll down here i want to make sure everybody's getting taken care of okay.

So let's talk about predation. So here's the thing there's there's a con again when we talk about face reading one of the things that we have to understand is that face reading takes us from the you know three dimensional nuts and bolts level of reality all the way up to the spiritual white light new age fufu stuff that sometimes works and sometimes doesn't the nice thing about face feeding is that everything works. So what we're going to talk about once again goes back to in in classical face reading what we consider to be the shen level of um of face reading and. So for that i'm going to have to go i'm going to have to sort through some pictures and i will share those with you.

But one of the things when we start looking at scanning for put and i got to use this word potential sociopaths narcissists um dark triads possessed people we're going to be looking at the eyes. Almost almost invariably most of what we're looking at is the eyes. I'm going to show you again i have to sort through the picture. So i apologize in advance.

But you guys wanted to know about this stuff and i want to i want to keep my promise to you. So one of the things we look. At with people and shen deals and by the way when we're talking about shen what we're talking about is psychoemotional health personality personality is part of it. But it's also schizophrenia um all types of mental disorders luck and charisma these are all things that go into the the shen or spiritual level and the spiritual shen level has anything to do with the mind if that makes sense if there was one word that we could distill the shen aspect s-h-e-n-2 it would be the mind okay.

It's a little oversimplification. But it's good enough for now. So are you guys with me. So far uh stacy smith is asking if someone has pain lines from long-term physical pain can those lines be cleared as well 100 yes.

I have not found a single line on the face that is created by a motion or jing deficiency that can't be transformed if enough jing is generated or released or the trauma is resolved i i i again i i i firmly believe that my clinical experience does show me that um some things take longer than others sometimes you get these one session wonders and boom there they have a completely different face in an hour you know sometimes it's three to five sessions right. Slowly unpacking the onion layers behind something. But the the short answer is yeah you can do it right. Okay.

So nathan's asking how do i carry on conversations while reading facial expressions focus on one or two things at a time and just allow your unconscious mind to draw your attention to subtle shifts in that one or two things until it's just automatic for you when it comes to the old classical approach to face reading classical face reading is very intuitive if you're from coming from the classical school like lillian teaches. Then the. First thing that's going to happen is you're going to get rapport with your subject and you're gonna whatever feature draws your attention. First that's what you're gonna talk about okay.

That's classical intuitive uh vibrationally based face reading vibrational psychotherapy in the system i'm teaching we take a systematic approach we start at the hairline and we zigzag down the face based on eye tracking patterns and we teach you how to unpack a feature we teach you everything about that feature. So that you know in a split. Second as you cross that feature what it means and. Then you move on to the.

Next feature. So you literally start at the hairline and you zigzag down and and you can you can literally using that process systematically you can create a personality profile uh in someone in as little as 90 seconds and we and we actually do that on day three we actually put up random pictures that are submitted by by students and i pick other people to read their faces and they just go down they just go from header line to chin and they tell they they say what they see and. Then we check with the person who submitted the photograph and um i don't think we've had one student yet that hit below 80 percent most of the students hit above 90 95 with our readings 90 seconds three days of class not bad right. And.

Then it just and. Then you just get better. So that's the difference between the classical approach and the systematic approach that we're doing here you don't for for what we're doing you don't need to understand chinese medicine you don't need to understand what chi is you understand what jing is what chin is you just need to follow the process. But since we're we're bored we're verging into we're classical face reading talks about entities and evil people and sociopaths and things of that nature now we have to get a little bit on the wish side.

But and still keep it practical. So shen is bigger than your body we know that when people are happy the body is healthy they're doing the things that are on their golden path there's a glow that emanates from under their skin there's a vitality and a radiance that streams from the eyes. Right. When people start to undergo pain their shen doesn't want to come into the body as much as normal and.

So the eyes. Get flatter and they get a flatter and flatter affect there's less and less light that emanates from the eyes. Until they become completely what we call shendout which is dissociated they become dissociated from their body and you can see this in people who've suffered severe traumas the lights are on. But nobody's home right.

They've shed out they've dissociated okay. So those are your two polarities now what you're gonna see once you have a bass line with somebody you when they lie you will see the shen dim they will actually the the light behind their eyes. Will actually darken a little bit okay. So that's one of the things we look.

At we're talking to somebody and they begin to feel something that's uncomfortable or they start to lie to you the shen will diminish from the body you guys follow me. So far hold on a. Second here okay. Um cool all right.

So let me see if i can find um you know what i'll just pull up the manual that i use or the modules that i learned from and i'll see if i can show you some cool some cool shen type pictures all right. So what i'm about to show you is a pdf that i used i i received in my shen class i cannot share this with you. But um as i show it to you tell me what you see when you look. At their eyes.

What do you see type in the chat what you see the white's dark and yes. Okay. Now these are all people that have been diagnosed with depression exactly you see how flat see how flat the affect is here this is actually a manic moment you can see how bright. That energy is can you see on kerry let me annotate this do you see how bright.

Those eyes. Are i want you to notice something i want to see if i can zoom in on this a little bit closer can you see how much one eye bulges out over the other type in the chat if you can see it this is important okay. What you're seeing from chinese again chinese metaphysics now is what is commonly referred to let me see if i can type a check here as goo goo literally means ghost is a double shin in other words there's more than one spirit in this body and that's one of the reasons why a the shin is. So bright.

And why one eye bulges more than the other it's like there's an extra something looking out okay. Oh absolutely a fake attempt to smile. But again i'm not talking about the smile i'm looking about the eyes. Specifically okay.

Can you see how one bulges more it's because there's an extra spirit in there okay. And this is a lot of times why people act like completely different people we tend to classify it as bipolar split personality um you know borderline i uh the question i have in the chat is when i got my lenses my eyes. Were really dull. But now not at all do the lenses remove chrome i don't i can't speak to that jax i really don't know right.

So we're going to be lo and as we look. At some of these other examples i want you to notice how often there's somebody extra in there right. Now here this is mostly just three-sided whites this is extreme adrenal fatigue. But this girl was prone to a lot of adventures okay.

Here we see rene russo and as beautiful as she is look. At demise one. Second why won't you let me draw we want to look. At is the eyes.

Right. Now what can you tell me about that shen mm-hmm sad what else her right. Eyes. Bigger okay.

Shen is there's no. Shen there is there like i said the lights are on. But nobody's home this is vacant chen okay. Now this person i don't know i don't know who i don't know who this is honestly um and i don't know why lillian put this in um because her shin looks pretty good i think if if she has anything going on it's probably not manifesting here.

But what about catherine zeda jones what what can you tell me about hershon is there anybody home there blank in the eyes. Yeah right. Now if we were looking if we were if we were doing a a personality assessment we could we could say right. Here that catherine's a bit on the guarded side she she doesn't let a lot of people in she thinks about what yeah she thinks a lot about what she's going to say before she says it right.

What about good old jean claude here going back to not much home there is he right. So can you see the difference here now let's look. At some healthy shins right. Oh these are not.

So healthy either see here what can you tell me about this face is this was this kevorkian or is it somebody else right. Is there any shen in there yep okay. So you can see the extra bulge in the eye right. There is a reason why human beings are biased towards physical appearance guys it's just that we don't consciously know all the things that go into it.

So again these are also let me erase this see the asymmetry hold on a. Second i'm seeing things in the chat. But i can't read them fake face i don't know what that means all right. Let me see here how about these what do you think of these oh my god my my internet's giving me all kinds of craziness well that's more of an uh david mckay is asking is there a reason for the deep set eyes.

Um john is saying dolce needs right. He's absolutely right. The deep set eyes. Are more of an elemental energetic.

But when i look. At these eyes. Especially in rustles again i see eyes. That simultaneously kind of stick out in a beady sort of way.

But the affect is very very flat. So this to me is again someone who has got some some mental stuff going on hers are bright. Yeah they are um and again i don't i don't i didn't i don't know what lillian saw in this one except that this person might have had a history of uh depression or whatever and she just used her as an example how about this guy remember him what do you notice about him oh somebody saw it you got it he's got a he's got some car some company in there doesn't he right. It's not just different notice how it bulges okay.

We caught lillian referred to that as double shen okay. This is used an indication of somebody who's got some internal stuff going on now whether you think of this as multiple personalities dissociative identity uh schizophrenia i don't really care what you call it the bottom line is it behaviorally it's like there's an extra person in there possessing them iran says he has like five spirits yeah maybe right. And by the way i see this in a lot of sexual offenders a lot of hashtags i'm seeing this double shen okay. Now we're talking about sociopaths now right.

We're going into the criminal the criminal level right. What's the. First thing that jumps out at you about bernie here the maid officer what do you notice he's got no. Eyes.

Look. How close look. How squinting closed those eyes. Are he's not letting anyone in you understand anytime you see eyes.

That should be big. But are held super close like that you have got somebody who's got a big ball of secretiveness in there he is evaluating everything you say he is paying he is rehearsing his words and running them backwards and forwards to make sure that you get exactly what he wants to send okay. This is a great example of someone who is watching you listening to you and evaluating your behaviors he's running dialogues and contingencies in his head. So that what he says is exactly what you need to hear okay.

How about this one what can you tell about her what's her shen look. Like lady dracula right. I don't i'm not looking at the cheeks all i'm looking at right. Now is i'm looking at at the shen very flat notice the pupils are really really big okay.

So i don't know when or or how this picture was taken okay. And again i can't speak too much to this one killing your husband tonight how about this one what do you see what do you see in this gentleman here two spirits right. See how see how the eye bulges right. He's got some company in there doesn't he now keep in mind okay.

Just because somebody has a bulgy eye doesn't make them possessed by an evil spirit or a ghost you have to you have to evaluate based on the kinds of behaviors they engage in how about mr kevin trudeau here a lot of people have mixed feelings about mr trudeau right. What do you see pain yeah he's got some sadness there. But he's he's had been hit with more lawsuits than anybody i know except for maybe trump right. Um again i i don't i don't have a i don't get a lot from trudeau's picture um ironically uh i bought one of his courses many many years ago was one of the best investments i ever made taught me some really cool um other stuff he got into i never really bought into all that much.

But i guess it was a little on the dodgy side what does the wide bridge of the nose mean between the eyes. She's probably got a pretty strong spine um he's good at business and we know he is using people with very large very very strong noses have very strong personalities um they're they're comfortable with power and exercising that power okay. This one kind of jumps out at you though what do you notice about this one spiritually what can you tell me what about that shin is there and is it how much shen is in there kind of flat i think it's kind of flat. But you know it's just my opinion i noticed a little bit of asymmetry in the eyes.

That could be the yeah she's looking two different directions right. Like one one part of her is looking right. At you the other part is not looking at you right. So to me this would this would kind of trip off my ghost alarm right.

I would say that there's probably probably somebody else in there too and again i don't actually know who this person is shows you how up i am on current events how about this one uh barbara says her eyes. Are looking out. But she's really looking inside yes. Okay.

I can go with that three whites absolutely that could just be the camera angle though. But yeah he's got three-sided whites somebody were asking about this before this is always a danger sign it's called sampaku in uh in the japanese and in the chinese i think the name is very similar the only thing more dangerous than this is when you got inverted three-sided whites in other words the top of the eye and the two sides are showing or all four are showing um and we we talk about that and it's actually the. Last thing we teach you in uh face reading level one did we freeze no. Miss t we're still here what do you see here this is someone who is really shunned out they are not home somebody else is driving that bus now you're gonna start seeing people who have really bright.

Eyes. But it's cold and. So let me talk about this for a minute. So what i've been showing you up to this point has been bright.

Shen with warmth right. Flat shin goo bulging eye extra spirit um if the pictures i need to show you are in here what you're going to see now is you're going to see two other types of potential flags the. First one is going to be cold shen cold shen is very bright. But there's no.

Warmth to it there's no. Warmth to it okay. I see this one a lot in sociopaths um yeah yeah mostly sociopathic people i see the cold shin um narcissists can have warm skin because remember narcissism everybody's narcissistic to a degree narcissism is one of the few things that we about that everybody has and we love everybody in this in the npd category. But it's really not it's a spectrum right.

And. So the every single one of us anybody who's on social media has narcissistic tendencies because that's what you're doing you want attention you want to share you want to connect when it goes to the extreme where you start looking people as extensions of your own ego and tools to use and throw away those that's when you start getting into the npd side of things where it's personality disorder. But one of the things that happens is the shen is almost always warm when you start getting into deeply sociopathic people um the shen can be very bright. But it's very cold there's a coldness to it that's the only way i can describe it um and i think this guy here kind of epitomize let me show this picture really quick and.

Then i'm also going to show you what we call anti-shin or shen eaters as i like to call them. So this guy here i would classify as having cold chin let me um by the way you're the. First guys you you're the. First class i've ever taught this to.

So you see how bright. This is. But it's cold right. There's not a lot of warmth there it's almost it's almost like a skull looking out at you right.

And again you don't have to agree with me um here we go here's cold shin in spades. But feel how cold see how bright. The eyes. Are he's also i think he's also got some sampaku here as well exactly.

But notice how cold it is right. His energy is very bright. Which makes him attractive. But it's cold uh ray is um someone's asking me is dr schneider can meditation flush out bad spirits no.

And i use i say that in a qualified way because um most meditators simply don't have the connection to source to to just meditate something out you need you need guidance on those things um there's outliers for everything. But you see how cold this do you guys feel it or not feel it just tell me what you feel they don't have any feeling at all in them right. Now the. Next one i want to show you is what i call anti-shen or a shen eater and yes.

You're looking right. Here now at richard ramirez the night stalker look. At those eyes. And tell me what you feel tell me what you feel do you feel how it draws you in yeah there's a it's like a black hole isn't it right.

First this was the. First picture of richard ramirez i ever saw and it haunted me for days and i figured out why this isn't this is auntie shen this is someone who's not emanating white he's sucking it in and this has a and this has an attractiveness to it all its own okay. Right. So again this is uh again.

But are you seeing some patterns now starting to emerge now a lot of people again going back to these two examples right. These two men were considered extremely extremely attractive right. This one a he had he had great social skills he could he could mimic social skills very very well. But he's very attractive he's very he's like the bright.

Shiny object it's the cold light this guy was just going to suck you in hypnotically see how they're both hypnotic. But one is pulling your energy in the other one's beaming to you that's kind of the experience i get when i look. At this uh john says they all have a lot of shame actually neither of these none of these people have shame or guilt these people are sociopaths they actually take pride in what they do now here you have david berkowitz the son of sam he may have a lot of shame and guilt. But not about killing people nolan richards is asking i can't read that hold on a.

Second um i'd have to look. At the indents you're talking about nathan does face shooting photos work now that filters are. So common well these were taken off google images and compiled into a pdf. So i don't know what filters are in place i just read what i see what can you tell about lee harvey here john yes.

And that may indicate guilt and shame. But and again i might have mis been misinterpreting what you're saying they probably do. But not about what they did more likely about what was done done to them and the way it was done what can you tell about lee harvey which one is jeff i think this is lee harvey maybe i don't know i don't actually know who a lot of these people are. So i just look.

At the faces i don't care who they are actually helps me to not know who they are i don't think that i think that's lee harvey oswald am i wrong he does have a little bit of a bulging eye now what's interesting about this picture you know my friend chase who's uh probably one of the best guys in the world on behavioral profiling is he says that one of the things that that you can tell people who are easy to brainwash is that when you look. At the space on the lower eyelid it's very smooth people with these super smooth areas below the eyelids according to him are extremely easy to brainwash and based on what we know about lee harvey's background right. Um there may be something to that right. What about this guy what do we see.

So real quick just masculine line being thwarted yeah he's got he's got one of those lines i mean can you tell he's a little on the skeptical side he doesn't believe anything anybody says goo in the sword yeah very good excellent okay. Let me see if i can find now these i think these are positive shin these. Next ones let me just double check this and for those of you again who maybe joined us late um hold on a. Second where's my okay.

Here it is again uh. Last call for this by the way because after i finish with the these were probably going to call it a night. But for those of you who are have been on the fence and kind of want to get in on the package that we're offering if you want to take your knowledge of face reading further we have a special face reading for fun and profits webinar package it expires tonight at 11 59 pm and the face reading for fun and profits home study course includes uh for 14.97 that includes the full face reading level one certification program as well as how to unpack and attack a lot of the markings we've talked about it also includes the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 14.97 it's going to include vibrational healing remote influence and energy healing secrets made easy 1497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free going to include the people reading for fun and profit body language secrets program buy it at 9.97 the lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar crash course buy it at 97 and for the. First 25 people who register for this program before i log off the webinar these are fast action bonuses only you're going to get a three-month free pass to the nlp power mastermind practice group trial program along with the 10 years of archived video footage you can binge watch to the heart's content it's a 594 value you're also going to get your uh our pre-release version of our face reading level 2 home study course with all the extra footage that goes with it it's a 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and.

Finally you're going to get a free vip ticket to our. Next face reading certification virtual program and a copy of the zoom video for your program. So you get all your breakouts and all that cool stuff right. Along with it it's a seven 347 value total value if you could buy this whole program on the website which you can't would come to eleven thousand one hundred and twenty three dollars you can get every single thing i've mentioned and all the follow-up that goes with it for just a one low installment of 997 or you could break that down into three easy installments of 397. all you got to do to get yours is go to www.nlpowers.com forward slash face that's www.nlpower.com forward slash face one.

Last time with feeling www.nlpower.com forward slash face if you have any questions if there's if you have if you've bought courses from us in the past and they're duplicates here we will swap them out for you just let stephanie know what you have duplicates of and you can plug in any program of equal or lesser value into this package. So you can customize that package to make sure you've got all new materials if you need help with anything at all we're here to help you okay. So uh again um if you have questions give her a call at 858-282-4663 for you guys here on youtube here's my let me plug in the eight five eight hold on a. Second eight five eight two eight two four six six three and uh or you can reach out to stephanie at nlpower.com all right.

And once again for our our zoomers here at mlp.com all right. So let's kind of circle back i want to see if i can find healthy shen and unfortunate oh well you know what here's a couple more for the less than healthy shen portion you recognize any of these people what do you notice about norma jean here you think somebody's home or more than someone somebody's home or do you think she's no. Shen no. Absolutely not she can smile she can radiate.

But look. At there's no. Light there there's no. Light right.

The eyes. Are looking in different directions right. I see this quite often okay. Not a lot there either huh whoo how about that one what do you notice she's all used up yeah how about iron man what do you know about rdj already yeah very sexy right.

Now here's the thing about rdj if you look. He has a slight slight bulge in one eye. But that wasn't that's not. So that was probably feeding the demon the problem with rj that's right.

Is left eye bulges is if you look. At the temples now this is you'll learn in face reading one actually learn some face reading too um temples are related to the wood element and they they teach us about you ready desire for altered states the deeper the deeper the um the temple the darker the the coloration the more that desired for altered states leans towards substances if there's a lot of lightness in the temples it indicates a desire for altered states that lean towards. So if you look. At and i use myself as an example uh let me just stop sharing here i've got like here we go let's turn this on stop share there we go.

So if you look. At me head on right. Can you see how indented my temples are yeah you think i spend a lot of time in altered states right. Because that's what i do for a living right.

Again you know if you're going to lead somebody there you got to go. First right. So the if there's a lot of that's bright. If there's light if it reflect if this is reflective there's a lot of lightness in this area it indicates somebody who has a desire a strong desire for altered states leads towards more towards the meditative the metaphysical the transformational when you see somebody who has a darker shadowy aspect to their uh to their their temples you see someone who is also has a desire for altered states.

But now it leans more towards substance and substance abuse now the problem is is that there's not a big cheekbone here let me show you robert's picture again um this is what lillian pointed out to me was that this isn't as you know you got three things going on you got a strong desire for altered states you've got somebody else driving the bus and. Then when you look. At the cheekbone cheekbones represent your will your your strength of will and your your discipline when you don't have much cheekbone it's easy for this energy to just flow and. So you can't stop yourself and.

So this was one of the problems that that that uh lillian pointed out why he maybe have had such a a hard time with substances was because there wasn't a lot of a barrier bony in terms of bony prominences to kind of act as a dam for this right. So has this been helpful cool uh i i'm gonna just take a moment see if i can find one or two more pictures that might be useful and again i'm not gonna i'm not gonna waste your time watching me look. For pictures. But i thought it might be helpful if i could find uh okay.

Um there's one particular picture i'm not seeing it okay. Um oh there it is now what can you tell me about this young man i actually looked a little closer yep john got it when did this guy start doing his stuff yeah that's cosby he got away with it too didn't he let me see what my youtubers are saying my indents are showing yeah all right. So this is a young bill cosby i i have an older picture of him floating around somewhere. But clearly the right.

Eye bulges yeah. So again he's got bright. Shen though doesn't he cool all right. Do you guys have fun did you learn some cool stuff all right.

Another couple of things you want to pay attention to is um we call when we talk about active profiling which we'll do in killer influence defense against the dark arts in october are we talking not just about passive profiling which is what we've been talking about here we'll be talking about um active profiling which is how to catch people when they're in the active line right. How to determine if there's a high probability of lying and things of that nature. So we'll be we'll be making the transition from passive profiling to active profiling ideally these are two separate disciplines that when you bring them together can give you a very very deep understanding of someone in terms of who they are when they're not around the kind of life that they lead and ultimately who they are in your presence and how to use that information okay. Okay.

So i please i i'm uh i i strongly import you if you like this material if you found value in it please grab one of those few remaining packages see us at the face reading uh virtual camp april 9th through the 11th from this comfort of your own home um we will be doing virtual breakouts we'll be doing 90-second profiles we'll be doing all kinds of stuff we'll talk more about golden path we'll talk about active profiling we'll put all these things together into a nice cohesive package. So that when you look. At someone you know more about them than their best friends do there will be a replay available. But the fast action bonuses the ones i talked about the uh the mastermind level the three-month mastermind trial with the 10-year video archive the vip super ticket plus the video the video of your training and the pre-release face reading level two home study course those go away when i log off the webinar.

So uh if you're even on and remember everything comes with a 90-day money-back guarantee if you're not satisfied with the process you're not satisfied with the materials you have 90 days to make it work if it doesn't work pick up the phone let us know and if you're not happy you're not satisfied and we can't help you get through the sticking points we'll give you a refund and you can keep the courses okay. Um. But yeah that's what we got you had a good time please tell your friends about it share this stuff and uh use it you don't gotta believe it you just gotta do it okay. In the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say it's long good night everybody we'll see you soon god bless and take care.
