Title: Super Surprise Mystery Snyder - Afternoon AMA!
File Name: MCUnY-ry460.txt
Video Id: MCUnY-ry460
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCUnY-ry460

Hello hello hello everyone how you guys doing today did. I miss you. I absolutely did miss you. I uh.

I had some free time. So. I thought. I would jump on and say hi see how every everybody's doing and uh maybe take some time to answer some questions and let you know what's going on in.

Planet. David. So to speak me see here if. I can.

I gotta figure out. I can't see the chats oh here we go there we go okay. The. NLP wizard himself hi.

Simone how you guys how you doing all right. I'm gonna put on my cool sh. I clicked. So fast hidden truth is saying.

Paul there's. Paul. David and me uh me and. Rihanna were just talking well.

I would hope. So. Paul dichotomus of the archetype. Chaz your adversary any advice on people with sexual abuse and how to help them yes.

Uh regress to cause uh find somebody who's competent in regression therapy and or holographic memory resolution and uh and and start with that don't try to deal with sexual abuse yourself uh unless you're qualified to do that. I know sometimes people have trust issues with outside therapists or whatever. But it's usually better not to be the person that you're in the relationship with trying to help people through sexual stuff it's just it's it there's too many there's too many funky things that can happen um with those processes and it's very hard to maintain those kinds of boundaries. So by all means um use a little use a little common sense when you're working with sexual trauma you can always refer them to the clinic we have some very competent people um that can help people we do that stuff every single day.

So by all means um you know uh if and if you really are determined to help those people um start by getting trained do some research start with a book. Like um the body keeps the score by basil. Vander culk um that's probably a good place to start get some books on on classic regression therapy as well as holographic memory resolution okay. Let's see here uh see uh.

Susan says messy uh. M anime. VF uh hey. David how often should you do image cycling as often as it's fun for you the secret behind image cycling if you've done the pre-work is that you do it as long as it's fun and.

Then as long as you're doing list maintenance uh. Then you should be you can do it indefinitely um. Manar quadrum is asking what's my zodiac sign no. Parking glorious.

Assam says at. Simone would be cool to get. David. Sneider with.

Richard bandler and. John. Ginder. I don't think you'll get those two in a room anytime in the.

Next couple of centuries um and. I don't. I don't think. I hold a candle to.

Richard uh in certain respects. So. I think you know. I think it'd be fun.

But. I think. I'd be kind of intimidated being with the great grand masters of neural linguistic programming um. But it is fun.

I sort. IFI through. Richard. So.

Dash says when the body says no. Dr gavor might made another book. Okay. Uh.

Aman to. Shariff says what do you use to cure disease which has no. Treatment. Ian you got to be careful with that word cure because it can get you in a lot of trouble especially if you don't have the letters.

Dr in front of your name. But my research my clinical experience has shown me that most disease that we deal with the vast majority of it is actually a metaphorical communication from the subconscious mind and that when you in uh decode that communication and understand what it's really trying to do for the person. Believe. It or.

Not disease does have a positive intention behind it uh when you unpack that message and. Then you install the resources necessary those untreatable diseases tend to start to change they. T they start to get better um certainly it's not true for every single case. But the research is showing about eight out of 10 um that's an accurate assessment.

So um that's where. I would start. I would start with regression regress the cause seems to regardless of which way you regress whether you're doing an. NLP style regression or you're doing a hypnotherapy type regression or holographic memory resolution type of regression regress to cause seems to be the approach of choice for most chronic and often terminal illnesses um see here.

Simone says day glorious sayam. David's in a league of his own my humble opinion thank you. Simone you're awesome. I appreciate that um mure is asking by the way if.

I if you ask a question and. I don't answer it um the chats are flying by at about a hundred miles an hour. So by the time. I've answered one question probably 10 or 15 have gone by.

So if. I don't answer answer it uh just keep asking or ask a different question or or if somebody in the chat knows the answer because you've studied my stuff for a significant amount of time um go ahead and throw the answer out there and if. I see it. I.

I'll. I'll. I'll add to it or. I'll modify it or or whatever put my spin on it.

So let me see what we've got in the chats here. I gotta be honest. I it's been a while since. I got to see you guys now was just.

Jones into to hangout uh. But those of you who are interested in going a deep dive we'll be doing a mental training. Secrets uh for. Success health wealth and happiness webinar tomorrow at 4M.

Pacific here on. YouTube um it'll be it'll be simoc cast through. Zoom to the. YouTube station or the.

YouTube live channel. So by all means if you want to learn how to deal with traumas and and things of that nature how to program your mind get rid of negative beliefs negative beliefs limiting beliefs um program your mind for. Success health wealth and happiness you might want to consider jumping on that webinar some of the content will be similar from uh. Last week's webinar or.

Last month uh two weeks ago webinar. But there'll also be some new stuff that we're adding because we're going we're going to focus on a slightly different uh aspect of unconscious programming. So if you're interest in that. I invite you to jump on at 4M.

Pacific if people want. I'll post a link to the webinar um otherwise just show up on. YouTube and we'll uh we'll work on getting uh you know getting you guys u in there okay. You can also participate through.

Zoom by the way um. So let me see here. I still need to find the image cycling videos look. For anything that has.

Law of. Attraction on it uh if you're if you're a gold platinum or. Diamond member uh there are several. Mastermind.

Videos that uh have the image cycling process on them also uh if you get hidden. Laws of. Attraction the uh the new version we just made this year we have uh the very end of it is a full allout mod module on uh on image cycling with testing and and actually valid verifications and things like that that whole course is great if you're into manifesting uh. So.

I think you know we haven't promoted hidden. Laws of. Attraction on its own. But.

I think if you look. Really carefully on the website you can find the full three-day training we're also probably going to do a hidden loss of. Attraction level two probably in 2021 at some point we haven't decided when we had. So much content for the.

First hidden. Laws of. Attraction training um that uh we just couldn't do it on in three days. So we we wind up making a level two.

So we'll probably we haven't taught that yet uh. So by all means grab level one if you if you haven't gotten it already uh let's see here um. So meor is asking when we do another course in. England or.

France my name means best anime in. French by way actually. I kind of had a feeling that's what it said. Miller.

But um we're looking at 2021 um and. I don't know if we'll get to. England. But we are seriously uh planning on getting to at least one of the.

EU countries we we're looking at an. Amsterdam right. Now uh certainly. I would love to get back to.

England um we've been going there except for this year we got we got kicked out because of covid uh. But we were planning on being there uh. So we're looking at being there in the early part of 2021 at either. Amsterdam and if we can if if that doesn't work maybe we'll look.

At. UK. But usually right. Around.

June is when we start looking at. June. July is when we start looking at doing some of the. European dates um we're looking we're still trying to get our.

Australia dates back online. So expect a lot more. International stuff uh in 2021 as long as the borders are open and people will let us in because. America.

America isn't everybody's favorite country right. Now. So um you know we'll see what happens there um how can you cure err phobia blushing syndrome. GCO the the again.

I don't like that word cure. But a rrop phobia if it's a phobia you would deal with it pretty much the same way you deal with any particular phobia. You' regress to cause you you vented the uh the negative emotions you'd insert the resources that the younger version needed and. Then you'd move them forward through their history uh with the new behaviors and the new resources and notice how that changes and.

Then you would wash rinse repeat until the symptoms that you're trying to relieve are done um. Beth soulfire. Academy says hey. Dr.

Schneider. Hey. Beth how you doing torent mnar says have you treated individuals dealing with psychosis what psychosis specifically are we talking about because psychosis is kind of like um psychopath it just means mental illness or some form of psychotic break. So.

I've dealt with uh all forms of trauma. I've dealt with dissociative identity disorders. I've dealt with phobias fears um. So if you say you know when you say psychosis.

I don't know what that means um. So if you can elaborate. I might be able to give you a better answer um holographic memory quick description um. Paul holographic memory resolution is a a form of energy psychology that integrates aspects of.

NLP aspects of uh classical hypnotherapy and er exonian hypnotherapy um. But it takes into account that the nervous system is a holographic information processing system and that there's different levels and dimensions to what we do um it's a very powerful system uh it's been one of the most important discoveries of my life in terms of my work uh it was the. HMR is a copyrighted system uh the principle of course you can't copyright. But um.

I would look. At the work of uh. Brent. Bal uh he was the one who who who discovered this process uh that works hands in glove with my approaches and uh.

I've integrated them significantly uh and. So. I'm certified in holographic memory as a practitioner as well uh. So.

I would look. At um surviving trauma. School. Earth.

I would look. At um holographic memory resolution. I. Brent's written several books uh highly highly recommend his material if you're a if you're a change worker if you just want to work on clearing up your own stuff um.

Michael. Hilton says nice shirt are you a. San. Francisco.

Giants fan no. I'm not a. San. Francisco.

Giants fan. But thank you for the compliment on the shirt glad to be here how do you discipline flaky your inconsistent. Behavior you don't reward it it's that simple uh and the problem is people don't understand what a reward actually means um when people don't behave the way you want them to do uh remember that punishment is a type of attention it's a type of award. So be very careful um when you're giving negative feedback because some people who don't have anything else will interpret that as a reward and continue to perpetuate the behavior a either because it's the only way they can get attention or.

B because it creates reactants in them and they get defant and they want to keep doing it just despite you. So be very very careful with uh you know how you go about rewarding behaviors reward the positive ones catch people doing things right. Uh. But relatively just no.

Zero feedback give them a vacuum for not doing what you want them to do uh it sounds kind of harsh and it sounds kind of um. So what's the word. I'm looking for um counterintuitive. I guess is the word.

But that's actually the best way to do it you see this a lot by the way with people who you guys are familiar with the term trolls. I'm sure you know when you see people trolling you and and. Blasting you with negative comments uh like on the. YouTube channel the worst thing you can do is answer them because they're they're fishing for attention and they're doing it any way they know how uh.

So the best the best thing you can do is nothing is just ignore them press the delete key ban them and move on and. So. I would say the same the best way way to deal with flaky behaviors or inconsistent behaviors is to um not give them what they expect from it right. And that's a that's a case-by case basis.

So be very careful with that sometimes if people are inconsistent and. Flaky and they consistently violate your rules it's best for them to be removed from your life uh that's a judgment call that you have to make right. Um do. I offer mentoring only in the sense of our.

Platinum apprenticeship program and what. I mean by that jod is um. Jody's asking do. I offer mentoring um there are people who self select to spend uh extended periods of time with me in my trainings and who want to become uh trainers in their own right.

And for that we have a what we call the. Platinum. Mondo supro package which is a funny name. But it's basically um it's a 9,997 program and it gets you into uh as many trainings usually we do this as many training you can squeeze in in a year and all the videos in our catalog what most people do though is they'll take any 12 trainings and take.

However long they want to do it uh and. Then they get the uh all the videos in our course catalog for the year they signed up uh and that's a great way for people to kind of immerse themselves in what. I do and see if it and and take what what's. Best in in our world and go out into the world and do their own thing if they want to become instructors and represent.

David. Snyder and. NLP power uh it's a little bit harder to do. But it starts with uh becoming what we call a.

Handler for our programs and basically what's involved there is you literally help me you come in and you you to qualify for the apprenticeship program by the way or the um the. Handler program as we call them you have to have taken at least each class that you want to be a. Handler for at least two to three times and that's why a lot of people choose that. Platinum.

Mastermind package that we do or that. Platinum um. Mondo supro package because it lets them take multiple trainings and really get a handle on the core skill sets in our system and. Then they can come back and be handlers and we don't charge you to be a.

Handler um you just come in and you just you work as a teacher now you work as an assistant helping manage people breaking out in groups and things of that nature and. Then uh to be to be an instructor for us what you actually. First of all nobody gets to be an instructor for. David unless you actually are seeing clients on a professional basis.

So if um you know there's a lot of people who just go to training after training and training they don't see clients. But they want to be in instructor um to me that's almost counterproductive because as an instructor you need to be able to bring. Real. World experience to the material that you're teaching and.

So nobody gets to be an instructor in my world without a lot of time energy and effort and you must be seeing at least you know you must have at least a part-time practice and have at least 100 successful client sessions under your belt before we even begin to consider you for a train the trainer program. So uh and the reason is is because we're very committed to making sure that people can actually do this work and that they're qualified to be teaching the work there's a lot of trainers out there who will accept anybody into a trainer's training regardless of how many clients they've seen professionally regardless whether they have a business or not and that's a great business model for them because they get to take your money and let you think like you know and let you sink or swim that's not how. I do things. I want my people when.

I say my people. I mean the people who self- select to go the full nine yards and and take this stuff out into the world and use them um. I want you to be successful and. I want you to know that can do this work anytime anywhere for any reason the vast majority of people that that come through really don't want to be instructors they just want to fix their [ __ ] and you don't need an instructor's program to be able to fix your stuff and and.

So all of our courses are designed for whatever level you are to take you from where you are to where you want to be and one to you you know in one or two trainings minimum and if you want the the. Long. Haul there's opportunities for that too um we don't have the resources at my clinic now to. Mentor people anything beyond that um.

But if you do uh if you do. Stand. Out amongst your peers as somebody who's exceptional. Then we actually will start sending clients to you um if we feel that that you have the skill sets that are representative of what we're looking for it's a little bit you know um preferential.

But it's based on performance you know one of my instructors used to used to have a t-shirt you know. I'm a black belt in the martial arts they used to say skill is. Rank and. So um.

Steve. Martin used to say if you really want to succeed in this business be. So good that. Steve.

Martin the comedian by the way some of you might not know who he is. But. Steve. Martin used to say when.

I asked how do you become successful uh in. Show. Business he said be. So good they can't ignore you and.

So that's kind of what we do with our instructor traines is we want you to be. So good at what you do that you get results no. Matter what no. Matter where you are.

So that's kind of how we approach it um we're still developing our instructor program because we want to make sure that it's accessible to the people who want it and. But the quality control and the consist from trainer to trainer is there. So. I hope that's working uh.

I hope that answers your question if not ask the question differently. Bob. Bob says the beard is working oh thank you. I spend.

So much time on this [ __ ] you wouldn't believe it um. But my wife loves it and kind of gives me that pseudo. Tony. Stark.

Doctor. Strange look. Somewhere. So.

I'm kind of kind of two of my my favorite characters um let's see here. Paul. Bothwell hi it's ranan. I was wondering what advice.

I should do to help my son he's been abused by his dad and we are getting him back um. First and foremost be very very careful what kind of work you try to do with him uh. I would. I would send him to a therapist who's very very uh comfortable working with children.

I would not recommend once again that you try to do the work yourself there's too many boundary issues that come into play when you start working with family now if your family members won't work with anybody body else um. Then that's. Then you have to bite the bullet on that. I've have.

I've have family members who won't work with anybody. But me even though. I. I'm the worst person from a a a boundaries perspective to work with them.

So. I have to maintain super uber professional boundaries uh when. I'm working with family especially those kinds of family members um one of the things that that. I also recommend is that you do simple game like things for them color game color breathing uh are really good spinning magic frame gry room don't try to do any form of regression on them right.

Away or at all because children will tend to the they don't want to revisit those experiences they're they're they're not they're not ready to handle that [ __ ] yet. U. So anything that's holographic memory based is going to be relatively safe for kids um. But remember they have a they tend to have a shorter attention span and because um of the boundary issues you may get too emotionally charged by what you're uncovering to be able to to perform the work and.

So these are all things that you really really have to understand and. I. I get wanting to help your family. I get wanting to help your your significant others or whatever just be you got to be really really careful um and.

I'm speaking from almost 20 years of experience in that in that area. So please be uh you know that that's my advice find somebody who does that work that you trust to do that work um let's see here. Brooklyn says best afternoon love seeing you thank you. Brooklyn that's that's really sweet um.

Michael. Hilton am my. I'm making my way towards affording a conference cool uh. Moon 9 at torrent okay.

That's not to me what do. I think about tapping a lot of people like tapping um. I'll be honest. I have never seen great results with tapping.

U. I'm not saying other people aren't virtuosos at it uh. I was trained in it very very early on um. I.

I make a little little little punny joke um spinning beats tapping 10 out of 10 times at least in. David's. World um. But.

I know a lot of people a lot of. NE neurol linguistic programmers a lot of um hypnotherapists who swear by tapping in. EFT and. TFT and various forms of of of uh surrogate tapping and things like that my experience has been that it hasn't it has not yielded the level of result that.

I expect from an intervention in the amount of time in invested in the technique. So uh if you're one of those super. EFT. Superstars that can that can make that stuff work go for it um.

I certainly uh based on the amount of time involved and and things of that nature have not seen those results. But there is a lot of of of scientific research that that demonstrates the efficacy of of tapping. So again that's strictly my opinion the science is there certain other practitioners out there uh swear by it they get very good results with it and if it works for you use it um it just it. I've never.

I've never been satisfied with the results it's yielded from my clients uh and. So and. I've worked with a lot of people who've been through tapping drills with other practitioners and. I'm fixing the same stuff they were working on.

So that's just my been my experience um. Jo saying how to cure what's up with that uh arams black would well stay on the channel for me to view yeah this one is going to stay on for a little while. I. I don't again.

I. I'm uh. I had a little bit of time uh before. I went to pick up my kids from school.

So. I wanted to kind of let you guys know about the webinar tomorrow and. I wanted to kind of answer any. I haven't actually had a chance to kind of bond with you guys outside of a structured format uh certainly my my platinum and my uh diamond.

YouTube level members have have been getting a little bit more personal attention um because that's you know what they signed up for uh. But. I wanted to let you guys know that. I still think about everybody and.

I want to be here and and answer what questions. I can uh let's see here uh goo. I answered that question already when you asked about blushing syndrome. So you might want to go back and review the video when it's available on a.

Second here. I hit. I hit the little arrow button and it skipped like all the way through like 500 questions let's see here. David you rock thank you uh.

Michael. Hilton says trolls got disciplined by too many people in real life possible menar says you're either a scorpion or a. Capricorn wrong. Cindy.

Bogart says hi. David and everyone. Michael. Hilton says thanks.

David uh we asked that question works for me. George um um. Moon n says that's for not for me. I didn't know you taught.

Vanessa. Smith oh. I teach absolutely have a huge training business in fact um. I think keep seeing the.

EFT question. So uh okay. So. Julia.

Hart says yeah. I'm curious about. Maya mind magic. I read it something you studed um.

Maya in viic means illusion. So what you're talking about and the book. I. I re.

I reference for that is. Orman. McGill's um hypnotism and mysticism of. India.

I believe is what it's called. Uh and he starts about the study of. Maya which is is part hyp part hypnotism uh and part illusionary illusion based magic like you know our slight of hand types of things uh very good yeah. Hypno.

Hypnotism and mysticism. I think what it's called by. Orman. Migel um very very useful didn't go nearly as deep as.

I would have liked. But. I learned a lot from that book. Based on my time.

George. George asking again what do. I think about tapping. I've already told you what.

I thought about tapping um let's see here okay. Oddball six says an aquaintance doesn't want to take anti-depressants anymore and wants to do hypnosis. Andor. HR anyone in.

Vegas you recommend um. I'd reach out to. Richard nongard in. Las.

Vegas. I don't know how much longer he's going to be in. Vegas. But um he's probably one of the most educated and skillful practitioners.

I know uh. So if you just. Google. Dr.

Richard nongard. Las. Vegas his uh his office should come up uh the grey. Ghost says hey.

David. I'm an artist and was wondering if you had any advice on how. I could combine my talent with the concepts and techniques that you teach stage hypnosis stage hypnosis would probably be the most useful uh unless of course you're talking about um uh different kind of art uh because when. I think of artists.

I think of. Performing. Arts um. But certainly any performance enhancement techniques like um the.

Garden gry. Room uh magic circle would be very useful for you to do deep trance identification with high level artists who you admire who' like whose skill sets you'd like to uh integrate into yourself uh. Susan the most important thing do not react to things he tells you about little kids don't know how to okay. That's not at me um.

Jessica. White says if someone is still in love with a past partner is it is it like that person was able to install a trance that is still running um all transes all emotional. States including love are trans. States.

Jessica. So the short answer is yes. Um what happens a lot of times is we get triggered by the way the relationship ends and. So what's happening many times is that particular um relationship gets linked to a lot of past stuff and it gets perpetuated we start thinking and we start getting stuck on a on a.

Perpetual rewind. So again here we again we see um regress to cause is going to be very useful um holographic memory resolution um and spinning and framing are probably going to be your. Best. Bets for that.

So um. But basically any any any trauma that we have is a trance that's still running if that makes sense um and the part the part of us that's still in that part of us that's still in trance doesn't know it's over and. So part of our work is to go back to that fragment of your. Consciousness that doesn't know it's over and let it know hey you survived this it's done what do you need to get through this and.

Then giving it what it needs um uh kit. James says can. I purchase a one hour consultation with you sir absolutely all you got to do is call the clinic and um they'll let you know when my. Next available appointment is for me uh.

B ramaha says. Enlightenment in your. P you say. Enlightenment in your perspective is about erasing the filters what's your opinion about using.

DMT for this purpose have you ever used it or can you achieve the same results with self hypnosis. I have never used. DMT. I have had many clients who have used it and and have enjoyed their.

The. Experience very very much. I don't think. DMT is is the issue though.

I think. DMT facilitates a trans state that maybe other that certain people have problems reaching on their own what's really important about. DMT it doesn't really matter how you access trance it matters what you do and what your intention for the trance is. So a lot of people go in and have a.

DMT experience and they come out having a great trip. But not really resolving anything uh. So it's how you manage the trance that's really important that what you know. I.

I tell my hypnosis students and my. NLP students a monkey can put someone into trance it's what you do once you're in trance that defines whether you're an expert or you know what you know if you're achieving the goals. So any form of directed trance work is going to yield powerful results if it's directed. But if you just you know shoot up or take you know you know take the pills or whatever it is drop a you know a tab or whatever and and just let whatever happens happens maybe you'll get something maybe you won't.

So. I think who's facilitating the process and the intention behind the process are are as big a factor as how you're getting there. I personally. I've never used it.

I've always relied on my own faculties to do those kinds of. Works uh let's see here okay. Uh. I opened my wife shakas under hypnosis she flew she flew she said and felt balanced energy back and forth she said she felt euphoric and common piece her sides became cross left side became right.

Side interesting. I'm not sure where you're going with that. David. But let's see here.

D um bazilus is asking at. David. SN do you simply think that subliminals work or not. I do um.

However. I don't think they work the way most people assume they work there's this phenomena in neuroscience and and cognitive science is called priming and. So uh priming will predispose you to take a certain type of action if you're in the state where that that behavior is a natural byproduct of it. So let me let me give you an example let's say.

I create a a video uh let's use the old the old fashioned one where which by the way was proven fake by the way um the old. But the old one the old the old stereotypical subliminal says you know. I'm. I'm showing you a movie and between the frames.

I show a picture of that says drink. Coke or eat po popcorn or whatever or eat pizza let's let's just do eat pizza and. So you're getting the hundreds and thousands of these repetitions of drink. Coke eat popcorn eat pizza whatever whatever whatever and let's say that as you're walking out of the theater or driving home you realize you're hungry you're far more likely to stop at a pizza place or grab some popcorn on the way out of that theater than if you were not hungry notice what.

I said if you were already hungry and the natural byproduct of being hungry was to take an action to buy some food. Then you would be far more likely to buy the food that was primed inside of you. But if you're not hungry when you're receiving those messages those particular primes may not necessarily install hunger in you. But the.

Next time you get hungry you might go ahead and and and follow the instruction. C. So a lot is based on the state that you're in in order for those subliminals to to. Prime you to take a certain action now there's a lot to be said for consistent repetition you know you it's like nickels in a slot machine the more repetitions you you get in the more weight and gravity those particular suggestions have to the unconscious mind and at some point they may take they they will take hold it's just a question of when now another facet of this is something we called the placebo effect if you buy a subliminal message or subliminal tape with the expectation that it's going to work whether the subliminals are actually there or not whether they actually do work or not there's about a 40% chance you're going to get a result up to a 40% chance because that's what's that's the efficacy rate that subliminals and placebos sorry not.

Su. But placebos have shown in in double blind medical trials. So your your belief about whether the subliminal will work can give you up to a 40% success rate bump in your success rate based on your expectation. So the short answer is yes.

They work the question is do they work well you know there's a lot of factors there. So. I hope that. I hope that answers your question um yeah uh i'.

I've. I've met. Robert. I've had a lot of people really loved his classes um.

I've never worked with him he's actually come to a couple of mine though which is kind of fun um people fight tapping they can't believe something. So easy can yeah well a lot of people believe that you have to suffer in order to get get past your stuff uh there's this belief that in order to work off our. Karma we have to suffer and it's not true um certainly there's a degree of discomfort that's involved many times. But.

But we don't have to work hard if we understand how the system works we do have to work relentlessly though um let's see here uh let's see um. So many questions um thank you brother uh. Jessica. White if someone is still oh we we've already done that one.

Jessica. I don't know if you're asking me the question again or if. I just am scrolling upward instead of downward. But.

I've already answered that question. So. I would go back and review the video um the door oh that's at. Art let's see here.

So baram ha is asking usually say by hypnosis cure issues come originating from repress emotions. I was wondering can you use hypnosis for curing physical does absolutely absolutely you can. H you can use hypnosis for pretty much anything and get some level of change uh. So much depends on the client relation the client practitioner relationship and the the skill sets of the of the practitioner.

But uh. But yeah you can use hypnosis for pretty much anything you can conceive of uh let's see here let's see here. I believe if we stay strong it will be better okay. Never be lied to.

G oh somebody's looking at my bookshelf uh let's see life is not about permanent punishment reward it's about experience and evolution let's see here see uh. F godess iy hey. David hey. Ivy uh what what do we do when there's a block us in relationships that seems.

I can never go past a certain point communication wise or detach after. I hit it every time regress to cause because chances are the problem isn't the relationship it's something that happened at 0o to five that is a safety mechanism that your unconscious mind is using to protect you from a negative consequence damn is. David another form of a god what. AR be careful you're gonna get me blackballed for political incorrectness big big surprise there um what would be an introduction to inter initiation into hermetics by.

Bon um also. Magic. Frame healed a five y old pain. I had in my head.

I'm 21. Allah bless you well thank you mure thank you. I'm glad it helped you um. I would start with honestly um it's going to sound self- serving.

But if you really want to uh really crack the the the whole hermetic aspect of things there's a series of trainings that. I've put products that. I've put out if you can get to the live trainings do the live trainings instead. But.

I would start with killer influence. Then. I would do vibrational influence from there. I would look.

Into hidden. Laws of. Attraction um and. Then use.

Bens and and anything that that. I do in the martial. World from the systemic work that. I do.

Systema martial arts practices these are things that are going to allow you to take what is written in initiation into hermetics and make them functional and practical um everything we do is about taking the the abstract turning it practical and. Then making it pragmatic. So you got to do the work if you want to crack what the hermetics were teaching you there the universe holds its. SEC.

Secrets by making sure that you can only tap into them after you've evolved your neurology to a certain level with certain understandings. Then things start to become self-evident. So there's certain things that we can start right. From ground one that yield very practical real world results that we can use anywhere from.

The. Boardroom to the bedroom to the treatment room to the barroom to the courtroom and. Then you build on those foundations and apply the. Hermetic principles as an extension of them and things start to make sense from a practical.

World otherwise you can read initiation in hermetics 50 times and never really get it right. You've got to do the work that's how that there there's a pra there's a repetition code on the information that unlocks when you've hit a certain level um what is the most important book. You've ever read the one which had the biggest impact. God there's.

So many. But probably and you got to remember about this is this is when you know when. I was reading this in my early 20s probably 19 or 20. I picked up a book.

Called. Unlimited. Power by. Tony.

Robins and that was my introduction to neural linguistic programming and quite frankly um once. I read that book. I. I drank the.

NLP. Kool-Aid and. I never looked back certainly my approach to. NLP and my understanding of it has evolved by orders of magnitude from that moment.

But that one book. Changed the course of. My. Life um and.

So. But honestly look. Behind me and you're seeing just a tenth of the books that. I have um.

But having a lifelong love of reading and and self and self-improvement um really fed that. I was. I. I got planed a seed that.

I was ready to fertilize for lack of a better metaphor uh. So. I hope that helps you uh let's see here oh there. So many questions guys um let's see um life is not about punishment reward okay.

Need to start to kind of scope down here uh let's see. So. Sama. Smith says hello.

I know. I can achieve a certain goal and. I can only achieve it in one day. Then lose it what can.

I do. I'm not sure. I understand the question. Uh sama.

So go ahead and re ask the question uh. Jimmy. Fallon's asking me. David what do you think about.

Mark. Pio. I don't know who that is um. So honestly not a whole lot.

I don't know who that is. I don't know what he does um. But if you send me some links. I'll be happy to take a look.

At it when. I have some time. Street cheese says what wuang. Clan song best represents your feelings about the current political climate um honestly.

Street cheese. I don't know many songs by wuang clan um. But the word the game the the the song the game uh by. Kansas comes up they play the game tonight um see here the whole year.

Inn. I do like. Snider's early stuff 2013 to 2016 you to. CL thank you thank you hoier.

I'm glad you've been around that long uh and certainly we've got a lot more that stuff from those years coming out especially for our diamond and plat members uh. I'm. I'm really tapping the archives. I'm loading up a little bit the entire 10 plus years we're upad in it in in incrementally uh because it's too big a job to do all at once.

So we're you know. I. I uploaded like eight hours of content yesterday for our gold and platinum members. So if you're interested in getting more of the behind the-scenes stuff.

I. I invite you to go ahead and uh go to the community. Tab and join at whatever level you're um you're comfortable with we have three levels gold d uh gold platinum and. Diamond um and there's a little video that explains what each of the levels are and what you get for each of those.

So if you're interested. I invite you to go ahead and go to your community. Tab and sign up for that content diamond and platinum members actually get uh personal uh amas like this one where. I where.

I spend more time and and they get actually uh two special topic amas a month where. I literally go in and. I. I go deep dish like our 20 like our our 2013 and our 2016 videos where.

I'm doing meetups it's actually kind of like an online. Meetup where. I teach deep dish on um on one particular topic uh and. Then diamond members also get to not only do they get those two live personal amas they also get to participate in our 4-Hour uh skill building sessions where.

I. I ask what you want and. I. I drill you on those topics for uh four straight hours interactively through.

Zoom. So if you're interested in that kind of work. Then. I invite you to to to sign up on our.

Diamond level and at least test it see if it's something that works you've not quit um or and go back to the whatever level you think is is a better fit for you um that's my little infomercial there um. David is waen says. David is there any way hypnosis can help with more lucid dreams absolutely uh. I am not an expert on that.

But. I think um uh the late dick sutfin at. Valley ofthe sun.com had a huge selection of uh hypnosis videos and audios for people helping people do lucid dreaming if people want that kind of material. I.

I will um look. Into creating some product in in in those lines those will be part of probably our vibrational influence trainings because that's where that stuff. Falls um. But right.

Now we don't. I don't do lucid dreaming. So. I would have to study it.

Master it learn it and get results with it before. I'd be willing to do a product on it. I won't do a product on things. I don't actually know really really well and get good to results with.

I don't waste my time on low percentage technique and neither should you uh. So. I want to make sure you only get the best uh let's see here. Julia har says vibrational influence um.

Sama. Smith. I focused two years for trying to clear my subconscious. I've learned.

So much. But. I still haven't achieved a goal that. I know.

I can achieve in minutes okay. Then you might want to work with somebody who's a little bit more experienced in clearing blocks to success you might want to leave a shout to. TJ uh at my clinic who does most of my client work now uh if you want to wait for me uh there's a significant waiting list for it. But you can always reach out to my clinic at 858 let me put that in the in the chat eight oops 858 4811 1438 um let's see here.

Bita rasar says your spinning technique cured my horrible car sickness recently someone got in my car and stole things that were in it is there energy techniques to manifest them back can you help uh bla. I would look. At again here's where. I keep going back to this image cycling the image cycling technique that.

I. I learned from. Dr. Bill bankson and.

Then modified with the other technologies that we do has been the single most powerful manifestation reality modification tool that. I've ever discovered and it's still you know. I'm trying to find something that works better. But.

I just haven't. So anything um that teaches you how to do image cycling is going to be the best approach to what you're asking bla uh. Julia. Hart says the best thank you.

So much. Agnes. Maria. Michael.

Hilton this big smiley face mure anim says what is the most important book. You' ever okay. Uh. I think.

I've answered that question uh. Blade. Runner quote something like life is not living. I am for living okay.

Uh. Julia. Hart says how do you learn. Systema.

I can't find much information on it well you can go to combat system.com uh www. combat system.com you can also go to www. Russian martial art.com uh and you can find resources there uh those would probably be the two best sources. I can find um you could also you can also go to www. cuttingedge system.com those are three really good resources that. I.

I. I enjoy those people um the whole year and says. I learned a lot from stoicism lost weight gained confidence to control my life aurelian philosophy okay. Uh.

Laura. Thompson. I keep coming up against something. I'm not legally permitted to talk about and is getting to place where.

I cannot ignore it anymore okay. Uh. Laura don't know if you're asking me a question there or what uh let's see here. Paul deie missed the face reading course you offer course that can make me a hypnotist.

So. I have credibility to offer absolutely. Paul uh let me put the link here for you how many of you just bu a show of hands really quick are interested in learning hypnosis and hypnotherapy and becoming a hypnotist just go ahead and type that that in the chat if you're learning to do that are you want you're interest in learning to do that. I'm going to put a.

I'm going to put a a link in this in the chat for you guys um yeah uh hold on a. Second. I gotta. I gotta pull up the link here uh hold on a.

Second where'd it go here you go. So here's a link we have a we have a a live training coming up in. Washington. DC in.

November um we have a few seats left for it. But if those of you who are serious about becoming a hypnotist and getting a really indepth skill set um that's the training. I recommend it's called identity by. Design and we'll be doing it in uh.

November 2018th through the 25th. I believe in. Washington. DC.

So if you can get there get there uh if you have any question you can reach out to. Stephanie 858 282 or 663 and she can answer any questions that you have on that um see here uh not for m control uh let's see here uh. Julia. Hart says.

I am learning. I've done a few of your home courses killer influence. CPI reveral in influence real world hypnosis and by. Design they're the best trainings.

I've done thank you. Julia. I'm. So glad that you're getting.

Val from what we do. I mean that's why we do it obviously. But it's really nice to hear and you know. I'll tell you it's great and this it's gonna sound weird coming from me as a.

YouTuber obviously. I love the attention that you guys give me and stuff like that and. I love it's nice to hear how awesome you think. I am.

But you know what really excites me more than anything else is when you write to me either in a chat like this or in an email or a comment and you tell me how the techniques that you've learned have changed your life how you've used them out in the field and. I get really excited when you write to me about how you've used this to help other people pay this stuff forward spread the videos spread the words there's a technology out there that can help you right. Away um. But keep writing to me and telling me how you've been using this stuff because it lets me know that we're making a difference in the world you are the light of the world and if you take these materials out into the world you can be the people who bring change and and.

Comfort to people who are suffering. So you know that's you know that's my little. Public. Service.

Announcement. I guess um. But. I really what really excites me is when.

I hear about how you've been using the material uh let's see here sobody. Michael. Hilton says you got me to start live beer videos with if you get easily offend yep um it's a good disclaimer right. Um just let people know hey if you're someone who's got a political correctness stick shoved up their rectum this is not the best place for you to be um always lead with that because.

Then if something comes out of your mouth you can't say they weren't worm uh. David. Bonita says. I'll be seeing you.

Next month cool. David awesome sauce um oh. I'm sorry. I gave you the wrong link that's for the.

CPI class. I've got starting at the end of the month. So those you want to learn conversational hypnosis you can jump on that link let me do this one uh www. HTTP www.

David. Snider. DC. I think is what it is.com try that one and let me know if that's the right.

If that's the right. Link. U let me look. Real quick um.

David. Snider. DC is the. Jason that's.

Jason's link. David yeah that's it. David. Snider dc.com okay.

Yeah here you go um. Aman tajri says. I want to be a hypnotist use the. David.

Sneider. DC link. I just posted to get all the information on the. Fivay intensive we're doing uh musique heals heals me says.

I do anesthesia am interested excellent excellent come to the. DC training we'll show you some really cool stuff. I have a. I have an emergency.

Critical. Care. Unit physician who actually uses spinning on everything that comes in because it's faster than drugs on a. Second will wagin spuck says where's your.

Workshop located this one will be in uh. DC. Washington. DC.

November 18th through the 25th. I believe is what we're doing or the 23rd it's the five days um paulini says. Ah thanks is traveling to the. US that has become awkward uh.

Paul what we're doing for people who can't travel to the. US is we have a hybrid training option and the way that works is um you sign up for the class and. Then you attend virtually and. Then every virtual and this is only available for people who are not allowed to travel to the.

United. States. So um if you can be there physically we expect you to be there. But for people who can't be there like.

Australia. UK. EU countries. South.

Africa um will let you attend it virtually. But you have to record all of your breakouts when you break out to do an exercise you have to videotape each and every breakout during the training and. Then submit them for vetting personally by your. Proctors and.

Then if you satisfied the requirements and you've performed at the skill level that we uh we expect which has been the the norm. So far we will issue a. Prov a provisional certified hypnosis hypnotist certification and a free voucher to attend the. Next live version of that training when you when you are able and.

Then at that once you've attended that free live training. Then you'll be issued a full certified hypnotist uh training through the. Society of or the not. Society um.

David. Snider hypnosis. Institute as well as the. ICBC they've actually uh graciously acknowledge that they're willing to certify our students through their organization because they respect what we do.

So much. So you will be able to to train virtually there are some some hoops that you're going to have to jump through that option is not open to everybody it's only really open to people who cannot physically for legal reasons travel to our. Live. Events if you can come to the live event you expect you to be there okay.

If you have any more questions about that you can go to 858 282 4663 talk to. Stephanie let me give you her email. Stephanie. NLP power.com and she can answer any questions that you have uh regarding how to get certified uh virtually okay.

Um we we are have a very very strong emphasis on live event and. Ski and performance-based certification. So we need to make sure that we we have a way to vet your abilities and your skill sets before we'll issue this certificate and you'll know when you walk out of that training virtually or not that you can do the work right. So that's kind of what we're doing um.

Agnes. Maria says every day. I use the techniques hold it. I missed it darn it every day.

I use the techniques either to help myself or someone else cool. Maria that's. Agnes that thank you. Susan.

I see you the. Next month online excellent. Dasha uh. Buffet monster says uh will wagon.

Spock says will you be in. DC. Virginia yes. I will be in.

DC. Virginia uh. November 18th through the 22 23rd. I think it's a f- day training.

So uh if you follow those links that. I sent you you'll be able to go see it buff buffer monster says do you have an advice on picking colors for the spinning techniques go with your. First impression when you when you ask your neurology what color something is whatever comes up. First is the right.

Color whether you're doing color breathing whether you're doing spinning it's the same idea we call that the sematic search engine concept the unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly as long as you follow those rules you're going to be fine uh and. Bernard says when you talk with hypnotic patterns and use words like realize notice. Etc can you put them in questions yes.

You can use them as long as you understand how how they work and what they do you can use them in statements you can use them in questions you can use them in commands uh let's see here studing online course in. C therapy literally. The. Next.

Step. PA says yes. She's used the techniques excellent spinning got rid of my migraine the other day perfect stuff is. So simple yes.

And that's what's cool about it is you know. I think. Advanced. Techniques should give you faster results with less time and that's how.

I gauge whether a technique is. Advanced or not shouldn't shouldn't more advanced techn ology give you more result with less work right. If it takes greater skill sets it takes longer to use and it's more complicated and you can only use it in certain circumstances to me that's not. Advanced.

Techniques that's complicated technology that's not what we want we want userfriendly fast acting work um zurin. Perkins says do you know about the technique of observing someone's eyes. As they slowly look. Upwards to derive relevant hypnosis information from it's called in.

NLP it's called. I accessing cues there is a therapeutic derivative deriva derivative of it known as uh. EMDR um. So you can start to look.

At that idology also has a lot to do with um reading the body using the eyes. Uh will will. Lin spect says. I want to join go to.

David. Snider dc.com and you'll be able to do that uh and. Will's. Will's been drawing some really nice pictures of me for a long time as a.

Jedi. So. I. I would really recommend will you get your butt uh into.

Jedi school he those politicians. Michael says um do you have any more information on this uh. I have lots of it lots of it um. So if you were talking to someone in a cult what approaches would you use conversationally um there's some books you might want to pick up uh one of the things that you have to do is you have to start you have to isolate that person from.

The. Cult. I would use a lot of embedded commands. I would use a lot of um reframes uh and a lot of meta modeling uh which means absolutely nothing to nobody people who don't understand.

NLP um. But one of the things you got to do is you've got to really break apart and attack uh that mindset there's some books you might want to pick up called uh one is called combating called mind control you also might want to research a book. Called snapping um those are the two that that uh. I recommend off the top of my head that might be useful uh.

Jason. Derulo ask who are the top three most important. Mentor in hypnosis. I think.

Mark. Cunningham was one of the most important. Jerry k for sure um and. I think.

Kenrick. Cleveland um if. I had it if. I had to look.

At my biggest three in the hypnosis. World those would be those would be the top three um. But. I've studied with a lot.

Richard bandler is certainly up there although. I would classify him more as a neur linguistic programming uh resource than a hypnosis resource um. So were you talking to someone in a we've already did that all right. We're coming up on time when.

I need to go juliia says damn that's a good deal. I'm signing up for the training now awesome. SAU uh oops. I gave you the wrong email.

Stephanie. I don't. I'm doing this in my downstairs office rather than at. NLP power.com if you can't get through by email call her at 858 28246 630 and she'll be able to do that okay.

I've got about four minutes left before. I got to take off um. Lara. Edmonson says um.

Laura. Edmonson rather any products you created for women to attract men through. Rapid attraction love your work start with three magic questions and. Renegade romance is probably a good place to start um see here.

I was brought up in a cult they use thought limiting language yes. Um one of the ways that that. Cults control you is they create their own language they created an us versus them mentality they isolate you from all your social support mechanisms your identity mechan your identity um anchors and things of that nature and. Then they love bomb you they they consistently love bomb you and.

U. Gaslight you um until you're pretty much selfless literally um. JY. Hart says.

SNY plus eagor plus overdorf plus. Krick in my opinion okay. Um let's see here how can you get your ex back if they're no. Longer in your life figure out what made him want to leave in the.

First place uh and. Then fix yourself uh let's see here my subconscious keeps on saying can't can't can't it's. So annoying because. I know.

I can't try the echo magnet technique or the the procrastination. Blaster that. I teach um okay. Where did.

I learn deep trans identification couple of different places um learned a little bit of it in uh in my spee seduction days. I learned a little bit of it from. Kenrick. I learned a little bit of it from.

Jerry. K uh. I learned a little bit of it from. John over derf through his books uh.

I learned a lot of it from. Red. Gold uh which was a book. I recommend a lot um let's see here.

So this is. I'm gonna. I have time for like four more questions and. Then.

I have to jump off. But. I hope you guys had a good time uh. But continue to post your questions because if they're if they're good.

I'll. I'll hop back on. Later and and answer the answer the comments in the in the post your comment post your questions in the comments underneath this video um because sometimes. I can't access the chat.

But um if. I don't answer the question here if you ask it in the comment section below this video. Then. I can pop on.

Later and give you an answer to the question uh okay. Uh let's see here. So baram is asking can you keep your state no. Matter what goes on around you do you do it by imagination already.

Pro you start with your physiology we give you uh one of the things that we do intensive basic training on in every single. Le class um with some modifications is. State control and we do it through physiology posture and breathing. First and.

Then what you do with your cognitive abilities um how do you visualize with all senses to manifest if you have. ADD you just do it in shorter increments the secret to to working with. ADD is you just chunk it smaller you work if you if you do the 5-second rule if you can do things in increments of 5. Seconds and eventually increase it to 7.

Seconds and just add a couple of seconds with each repetition you're going to find that you're going to be able to train yourself to have a greater degree of um a greater degree of ability and don't get hooked and don't get all hung up on the visual aspect of it imagination is important. But not the visualization um whatever visualization skills you have is usually enough. Mike said. Mike.

Mike fix says thanks for the chat you might be able to help me in the future archam is asking how hard is it to learn the hypnosis that. Mark. Cunningham teaches to make women orgasm it's easy easy orgasm is one of the easiest things to get hypnotically speaking um what are you talking about this month for. Diamond members uh.

I'm actually for. Diamond members um. I just. I just did part one of uh lie detection and we're going to be picking up uh and and how to protect yourself from liars cheaters and other a-holes uh and for.

Next month we'll be picking up part two. So if you're already a diamond member you can go in and watch the. First set of videos uh on lie detection uh and. Then we're going to be transm uh transferring into uh catching narcissists cheaters and and other social.

Predators we'll be looking at how to flag them on the approach how to deal with them in a relationship and. Then. Finally when you've exited the relationship and they keep trying to suck you back in what are the mechanisms that they use and how you can deal with them. So that'll be part two coming up um in.

November we've already done the one for. October. I'm. Jerry der says you mentioned.

Jerry something when talking about deep transcen ification. Jerry. K. Jerry.

K was easily one of most powerfully influential hypnotists. I've ever studied with um and. I can elaborate on that. But.

I'm. I'm running out of time because. I got to go pick up the kids. But um.

So here's what. I'd like you to do for me if it's okay. A um if you know you want more one-on-one. David time uh seriously go to the community.

Tab and look. At the vid the introduction video it's about 30 40 minutes of me explaining the different levels and if you're interested go ahead and please uh please sign up for whatever level you feel you're comfortable with if you're happy with the public level that's fine uh if you're interested in hypnosis trainings um go to devid www. David sndc.com or uh the other one on the conversational hypnosis um we have events calender on our website uh. Finally um if you'd like me to to take a look.

At your questions and and have a chance to answer them when. I exit this video and. I shut off the live stream go to the comment section of this video it will be available for all public members. So everybody can can access it ask your questions in the comment section and.

Then. I will go back after. I've picked my kids up and do everything else and. I will go in and.

I will answer those questions for you okay. Or. I will point you in the direction that you need to go. So um if you had a good time please you know like and share the videos tell people about what we're doing take the techniques go out into the world and change your world and change everybody else's who deserve the change by their action okay.

Um. I love you all and uh. I hope to see you all very very.
