Title: Secrets of Human Influence - Weapons of Social Seduction
File Name: mgUw3uuBQM0.txt
Video Id: mgUw3uuBQM0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgUw3uuBQM0

Those of you checking in with us from our youtube channel there is a slight delay between when i speak and when it shows up in your chat uh to quote uh kj brocky yes. We will be starting in about 13 minutes or. So and uh by all means uh spread the word gonna have some fun tonight this will be another as is our tradition this one will be another long one. So by all means make sure you have lots of caffeinated beverages oxytocin laden substances things to write with and a sincere desire to do the drills and get the skills uh we'll be starting shortly hey i see about 32 people in the zoom room welcome we'll be starting in about 11 minutes give or take uh if this is your.

First time with us uh this is not going to be a traditional webinar like many of you are used to i'll be talking about that very very shortly uh today's course is all about taking things you can take right. You can uh learn things and take them right. Out into the real world and uh and really make things happen. So like i said we'll be starting in about 10 minutes now it's 3 50 p.m my time pacific.

So we'll be starting in about uh 10 minutes and uh expect this one to go a little bit on the long side we're going to be giving you a lot of actionable content a lot of things you can start taking out into the field right. Away and uh i'll explain all that when we log on at 4 pm in the meantime feel free to discuss things amongst yourself ask questions between each other and we'll get started shortly take care okay. Folks you got about four minutes and counting this is dr david speaking at you we're going to be jumping in um going to try and get on right. At four o'clock we have a lot to cover in a short while technically i have as much time as i want.

But i know your time is valuable. So i want to make sure each and everybody comes out of here with enough actionable content things they can actually put into practice right. Away this will be an experiential workshop. So i need you to come in with a sincere desire to roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills if you follow my instructions and you do what i say you'll pretty much discover some of the most powerful ways for influencing human beings ever and you can use them anytime anywhere pretty much for anything and we'll just and that's where we'll start and.

Then we'll just keep showing you where to go. So that being said um if you hear some noise in the background as i'm speaking it's because my beautiful little children's just got home from school and they're going to be running around up and down doing their zoom lessons and stuff like that. So just bear with us as the uh inevitable child induced chaos begins and we'll begin shortly bye hello hello hello everyone my name is uh hold on a. Second let me turn my thing on hello hello hello everyone my name is dr david snyder welcome to secrets of human influence skills of social seduction today's course is all about influencing human beings.

So that you can never lose an argument never fail a job interview and never miss a sale ever again we're going to teach you some of the most powerful most proven most effective ways to get people to like love and trust you how to change beliefs how to incorporate belief and people's belief systems and bond them to what you want them to do it's a very powerful very ethical and honest system you're gonna be able to do all of this without lying cheating stealing or um what's the word i'm looking for misrepresenting yourself in any way i guess is a good way to say it uh extorting them and. So that's what this is about. So before we begin um quick couple of we have some administrative stuff i need to get out of the way. First and foremost if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best choice of your time for the.

Next two or three or four hours now notice i said two or three or four hours why did i say that it's because our webinars are not like typical webinars our webinars are very very um actionable content oriented delivery mechanisms what i mean by that is our intention for you tonight is for you to come away from this training with some solid powerful user-friendly things that you can put into practice right. Away to start moving your life forward and moving your life in the direction you want it to go i'm if you're anything like me you don't have time for your luck in your life for low percentage technique you don't have time for bs or things that take years and years of study to master now there are things that are very powerful that do take a little bit more study. But beautifully and wonderfully the things you're going to learn tonight don't take a lot of time you just gotta know enough to do them and have the presence of mind and somebody to guide you through the steps to do it now if this is your. First time joining us in planet david as i like to call it i'd like you to do some things for me.

First of all this is a very interactive webinar. So if you were coming in planning on just kind of sitting vegging out taking a few notes maybe doing some multitasking while i'm talking and teaching probably not going to be the best use of your time on tonight's webinar tonight is about putting skills inside your head. So that you can take them out into the world and get the things you want in life that being said i need you to be focused i need you to follow all of my instructions over all the commands i give you. So that you can have the experience because if you have the experience you'll retain the information when you retain the information you're more likely to use the information and.

Then it'll pay the dividends that you came for if you came here looking for a 90-minute webinar where they tease t t's talk about other people's successes other people's successes see some more and. Then hit you at the. Last hour with buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy myself buy my stuff you're probably going to be a little disappointed this webinar is what we call a free form webinar which means there's no. Set time limit to it.

So if you're coming in thinking this is going to be like a 90 minute class and you're off to the. Next thing you're probably going to be a little bit frustrated not because of the content. But because when you're when the other things you had planned start to kind of impinge on your free time we're going to still be going. So let me explain you a little bit about how things work tonight uh if this is the scope of everything that there is to cover in the realm of persuasion that is actual and you could do right.

Away we have time for this much even with two or three or four hour webinar. So my commitment to you is i will take you as far into this material as i can in the time that we have i will show you how to do this i will guide you through the steps to do this and i will point you in the direction of where to go to take your skills to the. Next level if that's what you want to do is that a fair is would that be a fair trade if you believe that's a fair trade if you feel that's a fair investment of your time and energy please go ahead and type in the chat room that's fair i agree and and again i am a teacher who thrives on feedback the more feedback we get the more interactive we get the more deeply this learning will go into you okay. So that being said um someone great vest be aware of yourself giselle says thanks for sharing without all the bs.

First yeah we're gonna again we're gonna we're gonna in a moment we're gonna start what i what i lovingly call the dr david gog and pony show and. So let me explain a little bit about the format of our webinar this webinar is what i call a freeform webinar and. So what that means is i'm going to go through a set presentation. Then i'm going to customize the presentation to your needs your desires the things you want most from this webinars and there's actually some drills that we're going to do that will teach you what this process actually feels like when you deliver it to other people uh if i'm if i were teaching you the mental training secrets uh class that i teach you would be learning about the emotional motivation checklist tonight you're going to learn about the emotional bonding checklist which is one of the most powerful ways to get people to want to do what you want them to do for their own selfish reasons now when i say selfish i don't mean that in a bad way because you see everybody moving through the world has an emotional need that they want fulfilled and a way that they recognize that those needs are being met and when you understand exactly what those things are and you can talk about your product in your service or yourself for that matter in a way that links those two together.

So that they can't be taken apart people will simply do what you want mostly out of their own selfish reasons for doing it and they'll feel more connected trusting and loyal to you than you can possibly imagine would that be a good way to start learning how to get people to like love and trust you to to just want to do what you want them to do and feel really good about it all 100 ethically would that be a good way to start tonight's seminar type in chat if you think that's true that's a good way to start because that's where that's one of the very. First things we'll be doing. So let me explain you how the rest of the webinar is going to go in a moment i'm going to start my formal presentation i'm going to teach you i'm going to tell you about my bio where i come from what my background is and at some point i'm going to give you as much content as humanly possible for about the. First 60 to 75 minutes of course just like any webinar we do have a package we put together for you a training package that will take your skills into orbit compared to where most people are now and i'm going to explain that to you at about the 60 to 75 minute mark in the seminar it's going to take about 25 to 30 minutes depending on how fast i move through that once that is done i'm going to come back to the main webinar and i'm going to continue to teach for the.

Next 30 40 50 another 90 minutes i've been on i've been online as long as six hours with people now we're probably not going to go that long we usually top it out at about four hours total. But i just want you to understand that the moment we hit that offer part where we start talking about the package we put together for you you want to stay on till the end of the webinar because as soon as that's done i'm going to come back and i'm going to pick up where we left off i'm going to build on the foundations that we laid out during the. First segment of the webinar and i'm going to continue to teach and you're going to continue to get some really powerful skills that you can take out into the world. So if that's a fair trade if you're willing to do that and stay on through the entire webinar and do everything i've asked you to do type that in the chat go ahead and do that cool there's hal welcome how i remember you excellent excellent excellent cool stay and learn right.

On okay. Cool now if you're brand new to planet david right. I want you to type your name where you're checking in from what's your biggest question about influencing human beings to do what you want them to do type that in the chat type what your name where you're checking in from and what's your. First time and uh what's your biggest question is because we're gonna circle back to those okay.

And. Then what i want you to do uh for those of you who've been be bopping around planet david for a while those of you who have been through with some of our seminars who are regulars on our on kimmy's coming kim king's calling in from northern california welcome kim our camera as we like to call her right. Okay. Um uh if you've been around planet davis well if you're a veteran type in veteran and how long you've been doing our content and using uh using our materials okay.

And there's a very specific reason by the way for you new people there's a very specific reason why i ask all of my veterans to identify themselves it's because when you log on to a webinar especially with somebody you don't know like me okay. And they're gonna tell you about all these really cool things and all these systems and all these packages and offers that they've got you expect me to tell you my stuff's the best on the planet you expect me to pitch my stuff and say buy it buy it buy it buy it right. But i don't want you to believe me i don't want you to believe anything i tell you best part about the technologies you're going to learn of tonight is you don't even have to believe they'll work you just got to do them because it's based on mechanics and how the neurology of the human being actually works. So if you actually just go and do the skill sets you'll be amazed at the response that you get.

But don't take my word for it take the material learn it go out and play with human beings in their natural habitat and notice the responses that you get if you have a question now there's a lot of people on tonight's webinar and a lot of times the questions fly by faster than i can see them or even answer them that's why i'm asking all the veterans of planet david if you see a question in the chats that i don't see or i can't get to or i can't answer or i don't answer in the webinar and you have real world experience that speaks and answers that question i'm asking all of my veterans to answer that question for the person asking in the chat okay. Now i have some amazing people uh in the back behind the scenes tonight we have the amazing administrative goddess stephanie skiba who handles all of our customer service we have our our premier online mentor holly bigelow working in the in the uh the youtube and chats and and chats like that i think brandon's flat uh brandon burr is hiding around back there he's the owner of jet webinar a guy who's responsible for actually bringing us back to life on the internet. So i want to shout out to all those guys and uh. So those of you who are oh and by the way we have the we have people on what i call wack control duty uh every now and.

Then when you have a public webinar like this there's people who just want us want to get all kinds of attention in a less than positive way we have a no. Uh no. Tolerance policy we have a zero strike rule. So if you start misbehaving uh holly and stephanie and brandon have standing orders to just play wac control and boom bounce you right.

Out of the group right. So if we have any if we have even the slightest hint that people are going to try and distract you from getting the information you came for we're going to bounce it okay. Um there's lots of people who actually want to learn this and i'm committed to helping you uh be the best influencer you can be in the shortest amount of time possible. So once again that being said um if this is the full scope of everything there is to learn today we've got time for this.

So without further ado i'm going to take you as far as i can and the time that we have and i will point you in the direction of where to go for more one. Last thing before we start i have lots of people in the chat who are willing to answer questions if you're not satisfied with that answer or you want an answer directly from me here's all you need to do as soon as we're done with this webinar and you're going to want to stay till the end of some amazing stuff that comes at the end of the webinar okay. If you you want your question answered personally by me as soon as we log off this webinar youtube is going to process this and this webinar is going the replay is going to go live if you go into the comment section below this webinar video and type in your question i always go back to the comments after the webinar i read each and every one of them personally and i answer them. So if i have an answer for you i'll give it to you if i don't have an answer i'll point you in the direction of where to go to get that information is that fair enough is that is that me going the extra mile to make sure that you get what you came for type yes.

If you think that's that's that's fair and a good fight and a good thing okay. Cool excellent. So like i said we're going to start with a formal presentation at some point i'm going to ask you what it is you want to learn most about we're going to do some drills and we're going to uh tailor the content of tonight's webinar to the reasons you came and we'll do our we'll do our offer we'll come back we'll continue to teach and. Then we'll send you off into the world to get cool stuff you guys ready to play type in the chat if you're ready to play we have oh we have one of the leading psychologists in behavioral psychology bf skinner is with us today excellent all right.

So without further ado let's go ahead and start the dr david dog and pony show welcome to weapons of social seduction discovering the psychological master keys to have people hanging on your every word and how to never lose an argument fail a job interview or miss a sale ever again all without lying cheating or stealing i'm your host and mentor for tonight dr david snyder and uh. But if you if you're brand new to doctor dave to planet david as i like to call it you may be asking who the heck is dr david snyder and why should i care well i'm glad you asked uh. First and foremost i am an actual doctor of acupuncture and chinese medicine this is a copy of my diploma from pacific college of oriental medicine i've been a practicing acupuncturist and he and uh neuro-linguistic programmer and hypnotherapist in solana beach california for the. Last 15 years where i've specialized in treating physiological illness that has has its roots repressed in motion.

So while a lot of people in the hypnosis world in the nlp world deal with a lot of phobias and confidence issues and some trauma work you know there's quite a few people out there doing trauma work i spend a lot of time unpacking terminal cancer multiple sclerosis parkinson's lupus pretty much a lot of autoimmune a lot of chronic disorders a lot of terminal cancers things of that nature and. So we've had we've had we've gone a real deep dive clinically into what is the emotional pathogenesis of how we manifest chronic illness and about eight out of ten nine out of ten people that come into a doctor's office are manifesting an illness based somewhere in a negative repressed emotion and. So if we just learn how to unpack and attack those negative emotions that are locked in the body it doesn't take long for a lot of the symptoms and severities of the illnesses that our patients are experiencing to resolve. But that's not all there is to planet david you see in 2020 i was dating the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org in the.

Last five years i've been named among the top two and top three nlp trainers of the year by global gurus i've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from dating and attraction to sensuality and and relationship maintenance all the way up to advanced sales and marketing techniques uh therapeutics energetic influence remote influence and all points in between we've i've created a system called cpi which stands for conversational persuasion and influence and killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis and the reason i mentioned secrets of covert hypnosis is because this is a copy of a letter from globalgurus.org and i'll read it to you real quick it says dear david it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp nlp stands for neuro linguistic programming and if you click that little blue button there it takes you to this page and as you can see um my program killer influence was named number one amongst all these competitors now what's interesting a little fun factoid about killer influence is that i never created killer influence to be an nlp program it was just something that got uh because it was such a powerful program to influence human beings that people assumed it was all nlp it's actually much more than just nlp it's an integrative system nlp stands for neuro-linguistic programming and what it is rebecca is it's the study of how people create their thoughts and how language interacts with how people think to form their belief systems their their traumas their skills their abilities their talents and once you understand how to use your language to impact how people think you can use it to pretty much get people to do what you want to do anytime you want you can use it to remove limiting beliefs remove blocks to success to write very powerful and persuasive copy it's easily uh one of the most powerful skill sets you know and that we we've discovered short of maybe the wheel or fire. But unfortunately with classical nlp a lot of times it's very hard for people to be explained what it is without causing confusion. So at the end of the day killer influence is about understanding how people think and speak and how to use how people think and speak to get the things you want to remove blocks to your success and become the best version of yourself that in a nutshell is why you're here nobody in this on this call on this webinar is here to make their life more random you're here to take the randomness out of your life to get more influence and control over certain areas of your life where you'd like to have more skills and abilities and influence would that be true is that is that true that you at least have at least one area of your life this goes to all of you that you'd like to have more influence in type yes. If that's true for you in the chat and what that area might be cool okay.

Don't be bashful all right. So let me go ahead and erase this and go on with the bio side of things for those of you who are wondering okay. What else you got david uh hold on a. Second for some reason there we go okay.

I also have i'm also a career martial artist and the reason i bring that up is because a lot of the things i learned in my martial arts translated directly into the persuasion influence skills that i teach and vice versa there are certain key principles that are built in from the biomechanical all the way up to the psycho-emotional level that the martial arts allowed me to unpack and and simplify and deconstruct for people that they can take it out into the world and use it. So real quick uh i have a 10th degree black belt in riku kempo karate i have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kung tao. Second degree black belt in kosho kempuru uh fourth degree black belt i'm sorry uh. First degree black belt and fon kuru jiu jitsu i'm a certified instructor in combat systema cinco mono.

Escrima and modern ernest i also have a plethora of energy healing credentials including reiki advanced chronic healing and chronic psychotherapy advanced dna fatigue healing bankston and qigong i i like to tell people i have more energy healing credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers. But. So when you look. At all these things from the acupuncture to the um from the acupuncture to the martial arts to the energetics to um and everything in between what do what do all these things really have in common and that commonality is pattern recognition pattern recognition means the same sequences appear at every level of human interaction from the biomechanical to the physiological to the biological to the cognitive to the emotional to the to this the linguistic the same patterns keep showing up and when you understand that people have patterns of thought patterns of speech patterns of movement and you can learn how those patterns operate you can start to not only predict what a person is going to do or how they're going to do it you actually know when is the best time to inject change into that pattern to get a predictable result and that's what this class is about.

So what does pattern recognition have to do with human influence pretty much everything okay. So is this class for you if you can answer yes. If you can answer yes. To any of the things i'm about to read off to you or share with you you're in the right.

Place this class is for you if you would like to become super attractive to the opposite sex and maybe even make them find you more charming fascinating and irresistible if that's something you'd like to learn how to do even if you don't do it all the time type yes. In the chat if you'd like to learn how to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate confidence assertiveness and power maybe even be considered truly alpha amongst your peers this is probably a good place for you to be if you'd like to make more money from your job book. More clients for your business get that raise or promotion you know you deserve maybe even protect yourself in certain situations from being manipulated or to handle difficult people more easily this is absolutely one of the best places for you to be tonight for the. Next two or three hours okay.

If you'd like to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to. So that they naturally want to follow your lead you're in a really good place right. Now if you'd like to program yourself to create massive financial abundance with more than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some welcome to your new home this is going to be amazing for you if big if here guys and gals if you actually do the things i'm teaching you to do i can't i'm really good at teaching this stuff i really am.

But i'll tell you one thing i can't multiply zeros if you don't follow you won't have the experiences and if you don't have the experience you won't be excited about moving out into the world and actually putting this stuff to work for you the stuff i'm going to teach you is powerful. But it's simple and it's actually easy to do if you just do it you don't got to believe it you just got to do it okay. So if you'd like to cause anyone to you meet to like and admire and trust you and maybe even in love with you in as little as 20 minutes you're going to find some powerful master keys for helping you do that today if you're a team leader uh ceo or manager of a team middle manager and you'd like to learn how to inspire your employees your children maybe even your spouse to do what you want them to do and have them want to do it for you this is a good place for you to be right. Now if you'd like to surround yourself with lots of new and trustworthy and loyal friends and attract more of those kinds of people into your life and know that they're the kind of people you want this is a great place for you to be if you've ever fantasized about having jedi like powers and having the ability to these are not the droids you're looking for put people under your hypnotic spell probably not the best webinar for you.

But it comes close right. We we do have force-like powers. But they're more in the state control realm not in the these are not the droids you're looking for a kind of category. But you will understand how people go into trans what puts people in trance how those trances are managed and you'll begin to get the foundations for how to link people's emotions to what you want them to do when people's emotions are linked to what you want them to do their imaginations are linked to what you want them to do and.

Then everything else gets linked from there does that make sense i gave you a very powerful principle just. Then do you understand if you understand what i just said type it in the chat i understand cool all right. Back to the presentation. So.

First and foremost this is my personal promise to you okay. If you stay until the end of the webinar tonight i will teach you the fastest most powerful and direct way to make people like love and trust you it's almost neurologically impossible for this to not work almost i'll teach you how to have people hanging on your every word in fact they can't resist this one even when they know it's happening and how to emotionally bond another human being to you your product or your service and make them actually want to do what you want them to do and. Then. Finally when we're all done with that i'm going to show you how to go from just interesting information to becoming a master of unstoppable persuasion if that sounds like a good plan for tonight type in the chat that sounds like a good plan and yes.

If you're wondering why i keep asking you to do things it's because i need to know you're with me i need to know you're paying attention and doing what needs to be done because if you follow the instructions you'll get the results it's really that simple follow the instructions get the results you don't gotta believe it heck you don't even have to like it although it helps right. It's gonna you're gonna get these things okay. I will stay on as long as i need to to put these skills into you and show you how to take it to the. Next level all right.

So let's go on to the. Next piece of tonight's presentation here's what i want you to do now i've asked you earlier what brought you out what do you want to learn about today what's the biggest most important question you have about how to influence other people and in the context you want to influence them that you would like the answer to take a moment for me because this answer that you type in the chat is going to be used in the very. First drill that we're gonna play with okay. So it's important that um you have that very clear in mind in fact if you have something to write on not only do i want you to write it in the chat or type it in the chat i want you to write it on a separate piece of paper.

So that we can go back and begin the exercise with as little down time as possible because i have a lot i want to teach. But everything is foundational it builds on the. Next thing. So we got to get these foundations.

First study patterns okay. Influence my ex okay. I want to learn about new language patterns like 54321 that's really not new. But we can teach about that adverb adjective presupposition okay.

Uh make them draw to my online media without having to search for them okay. How to influence someone and turn it around when they're testing or challenging you undermining you okay. Pattern recognition okay. I keep telling you about.

But i keep getting okay. I don't understand that question. But all right. So good we're getting some getting a lot of good messages in fact they're my little my little red prompt that says we got too many messages you're gonna have to click to go to the bottom all right.

So here's where we're going. Next the things i'm gonna be teaching you tonight are excerpts from a system i created many many years ago for me one of the things that people are often shocked to hear me admit to is that the vast majority of the uh the unite i did not create for you i created them for me because growing up i had the social skills of a rock i was bigger around than i was tall i was habitually lied to manipulated and picked on by practically everyone i met for the. First 10 to 11 12 years of my life okay. It was one of the most difficult times for me my teens weren't much better.

But i did start realizing and start actively going about trying to learn how to fix these things um and. So it began a lifelong study a lifelong passion for me of how to become for lack of a better word how to become irresistible and here's what i mean when i say irresistible after watching yet another relative pass away with me you know being a kid i have nothing i can do getting turned down and rejected yet again i remember sitting in my bedroom and praying to god to teach me how to be irresistible how to never be powerless again i made a commitment to myself at that moment that i there i was never going to find myself in a situation where there wasn't something i could do i was never gonna be powerless again i don't know if you ever had those moments where you're just getting attacked or manipulated and there's nothing you can do about it and. Then you find out. Later on there are all these different things you could have done had you known that would have made the difference right.

That was my life and i made a decision and it's still driving me today to to become a master of these skill sets all right. And i went through training after training book. After book. Thousands of hours of cause you know trial and error to figure out those little gold radioactive nuggets.

But i didn't i'm going to be right. Up front i'm going to tell you right. I didn't do this for you i did this for me because i had problems i needed to overcome and solve and as i found those solutions i put them in my little little pack like little gold nuggets right. And.

Then one day i opened up my sack and i found out these these radioactive gold nuggets i had weren't just little nuggets they were more like legos and there were legos that you you know how legos work you can put them together in any way you want to create whatever you want right. That's how legos work well a lot of the technologies that we're going to be sharing with you tonight work the same way. But there is in many situations in many cases an optimal order for these things to be used in and if you follow the order in sequence that i share with you you're probably going to get the biggest bang for your buck in the shortest amount of time possible. So uh that's my little kind of sidebar on what's behind the system about you now obviously i don't have time to teach you the entire system it takes me at least three days to teach people the sick the six stage universal persuasion protocol.

But what i am going to teach you are some of those hardcore radioactive nuggets that give you the biggest bang for your persuasion buck every single time you decide to use them if you use them they'll work for you if you don't use them you might as well not even be on the webinar okay. So i'm going to give you the overview of the system i'm going to drill down into three or four key areas and. Then depending on your questions and where we go um i'll present our offer i'll come back i'll continue to teach and drill down on those areas. So you come away with actionable techniques that you can actually use does that sound does that sound cool okay.

Okay. Excellent yeah the metaphor is my is me not taking myself too seriously i see lots of hands and again i'm asking my handlers and my uh my virtual people who are monitoring the chats if there's a question that they can answer please do otherwise you know what to do. So what you're seeing here on your screen is the cpi killer influence system and this is what i call the universal persuasion protocol. So before you begin any single persuasion interaction the.

First thing you got to know is your outcome you got to know what you want and even most importantly you've got to know how you're getting it or if you're getting it how you know you're getting it if you don't have that benchmark in place. Then it doesn't really matter what um what skills you know it's gonna be random okay. But if you know what you want and it doesn't have to be very complicated it could be as simple as making a friend uh it has to be something that you can measure. So when you're going to create an outcome when you're going to create a goal a persuasion outcome for yourself a result you want to produce you've got to have a way of measuring it okay.

Now if you're in nlp they would say you need it needs to be measurable by one of the five senses something you can see something you can hear something you can smell something you can taste something you can touch right. Um if you're using the smart goal system it needs to be uh strategic or what's the word specific manageable actionable um realistic and timely right. I don't care what system of measurement you're using as long as it's something that can connect can give you an indication of whether you're actually moving towards what you want or not you know in the very. First course i ever wrote for uh to teach people how to become their partners i do a lover one of the very.

First things i said in that course was the reason that most attraction and dating systems fail to work isn't because of the technology it's because the people practicing them don't have a way to calibrate if what they're doing is actually working or not right. You have to learn to pay attention to people to pay attention to the results you're producing okay. So again everything that we're going to teach you has to start with an outcome after that there are six layers six specific stages that this system uh is all about to get what you want you're gonna learn to control your state you're gonna learn to get rapport with your subject you're to use whatever language skills you have to manage the state of the subject the person you want to influence if you can pay attention to how they think using nlp type methodologies you jump into their process and. Then you bond to their emotional criteria and values now we're going to drill down on the emotion on this part we're going to drill down on this part today okay.

If you have an outcome you know how to end we're going to drill down on the report part okay. So we're going to get about three or four of the seven stages and we're going to go again we're going to have like a sample platter approach. But if you put these together in the right. Order you're going to get a synergy you're going to get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts.

So that's the entire system can be found in our cpi or killer influence training we talked about that at the beginning of the webinar i was named the number one nlp covert hypnosis course in the world for 2020. um hold on a. Second let me find my eraser here okay. So once again the universal persuasion protocol starting with your outcome you want to control your state you want to get rapport with your subject you want to use whatever language skills you have you're going to come away from tonight with some very powerful language skills that are very simple you just got to use them you need to use these three processes to manage the state of the subject. So you got to know what state they're in and what state you wanted to be in and know how to get them there you need to jump into whatever cognitive process they use to make a decision now the good news is if you follow these earlier pieces this will happen automatically i'll show you about i'll teach you how to do that in a moment okay.

And. Then you want to emotionally bond to their criterion values the criterion values by the way for those of you who don't have an nlp background is a very complicated and abstract way of saying emotional bonding checklist and here's why this is important you see for every single thing human beings decide to do there is a checklist inside of their head whether they're conscious of it or not that is the idealized experience of it assertive parameters that have to be satisfied out in the outside world they'll cause them to generate a feeling that is emotionally gratifying to them if you can link their emotions to what you want them to do in a way that they recognize that getting doing what you want gets them what they want on an emotional level they will tend to do what you want them to do out of default of their own choosing does that make sense if that makes sense to you and you get that please type that in the chat cool all right. A lot of people in our in our youtube channel as well i'm sorry that there's a little bit of a delay between when i speak. So this again we cover this much more in depth in the cpi system and in the killer influence system.

But this is where the elements of the training that we're going to cover tonight are drawn from if you want to know more about how to get more of that information i'm happy to uh point you in the direction of where to go for that. But again once again repeat after me you don't have to do it in the chat. But repeat after me control your state get rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process bond to their emotional criteria and values okay. So let's start with the beginning.

So this is the this is the. First exercise one of the you know you can i can talk to you for an hour or i can give you one experience that will completely transform your life. So here's what i want you to do you remember earlier i asked you specifically to write down what you want to be able to do as a result of this webinar in other words if if you came away from this webinar with the answer to one thing that would have made it completely worth your while what would that one thing be if you haven't written it down already i want you to go ahead and write that down now on a piece of paper type done when you're ready when you're ready to move on to the. Next piece i will not move on until everybody has typed that in now for this exercise you're going to need a pencil and a uh because again the more if you physically interact with this and you physically do this exercise you will understand exactly the kinds of feelings you're going to be generating in other people and once you understand that you're doing this with people and you understand how good it feels and you reckon you experience it for yourself you're going to be excited about going forward okay.

So now here's how the exercise works this is the fast one of the fastest most powerful ways to get others to want to do what you want them to do is to bond yourself to their product or service at the emotional level. So i'm going to jump to um i'm going to jump to my my onenote because this is the free form part of the webinar now as we go through this exercise i want you to constantly be relating it back to the the reason you came on this webinar and what following instructions on this webinar will do for you if you do this you're going to learn how to emotionally bond your subject or subjects to you your product or your service and literally make them want to do what you want them to do okay. And uh for those of you who are in are here for attraction purposes little extra step if you are eliciting the emotional needs of a significant other or someone who you want to be attractive to not only must you describe and talk about these things you must also embody them and express them. So i just wanted to put that out there because a lot of you are here for relationship reasons okay.

It's important to not only know what they are and talk about them it's also important to actually express the behaviors that your subject equates with that value or that emotion or that um value our value is this word. So the emotional bonding checklist relates to a category of beliefs in nlp known as criteria and values functionally speaking criteria and values are checklists by which we decide if something that we encounter is right. Or desirable in our personal reality okay. So here's the thing i need you to understand is that a person's emotional and in our world i i keep it simple i call the emotional bonding checklist the important thing to remember from this particular mini lecture is this people have a personal unique emotional bonding checklist for every single decision that they make let me let me come back on screen explain this to you there's two kinds of filters that human beings have there's context dependent filters and context independent filters when you start looking at a person's emotional bonding checklist what you are human beings are literally moving through the world with little check boxes below the threshold of conscious awareness and every time they see something that they put a little check in the box think about how many of you here know what a sonar or radar is and if you know what that is type that in the chat okay.

For those of you don't know how a sonar radar works sonar is this little sound device at the base of usually at the base of a submarine sometimes at the top it sends out a little ping right. Just sends out a little wave and as that wave goes out it if it hits something solid that wave bounces back and that bounce back from the wave is interpreted by the stone arm machine and is represented to the people driving the sub and and looking for whatever it is they're looking for using sonar human beings have a very similar function with their their map of the way of what they consider to be desirable and perfect in their world in other words they have a little checklist they're moving through the world projecting emanating that internal checklist out through their five senses through their hands through their words and they're looking for people who reflect back to them an image or a representation of themselves when they find something that matches their little checklist they orient on it like a moth to a flame okay. The nervous system literally can't ignore it okay. Are you guys with me.

So far now if you can get out of your head long enough to ask people questions and pay attention to their responses and use their words effectively you can in a normal conversation bond and stimulate their deepest emotional desires to what you want them to do ethically and honestly i'm going to talk about the ethics issue as soon as i'm done teaching you the technique i'm not a persuasion cop i can't control how you use this material it can be misused i'm not going to lie to you. But if you do it the way i teach you you will never need to lie cheat steal or deceive manipulate or exploit anyone in any way to get the things you want in fact you will get more by not doing that okay. Even if you determine that what you have to offer isn't a fit for the person that you're you're using this with if you tell them that right. Off the bat they will bring people and send people to you.

So again this is how we begin the process of ethical and honest persuasion by finding out what people want how they know they're getting it and describing our product or service in exactly that way. So we're going to do that with ourselves for a moment together and you can experience this for yourself. So the other thing i want and circling back this is one of the things i want uh to understand is that a person's checklists are context dependent you may have a set of checklists for buying a pen a separate set of checklists for buying a stick of gum a separate checklist for how you select a mate a checklist for how you buy a house they will be different as the context changes other parts of how human beings think and behave and and process their thoughts are not context dependent right. Some people who sort for similarity will always sort for similarity.

First and. Then difference. Later and vice versa people who are that's a what we call meta program that's not what we're talking about tonight tonight the important thing to understand is context context context. So i'll probably try and do some demos for you a little bit.

Later as we get through the process. But for right. Now are you guys ready to do this drill with me type yes. If you're ready to do the drill okay.

So on a piece of paper i want you to write exactly stop for a moment and imagine you got the tool that you came for tonight right. You did all the steps i told you to do you took. Them you took. The actions you applied the information and you got what you wanted boom i want you to imagine it right.

Now in your head close your eyes. If you want unless you're driving don't do this if you're driving right. I want you to see what you see hear what you hear smell and taste what you smell and you taste and really be in that moment and i'm going to ask you a question i want you to write the question and i want you to write the answer what's important about that write down what you got and. Then underneath that write the question what's important about that and write the answer.

So let me see if i can find my template for you it might make it easier okay. So here we go. So by the way this is the master what we call the master echo sequence one of the most important things that you can do is use a person's very own words okay. So let's say i'm asking you well we'll cover that in a minute we'll just do this drill ourselves real quick.

So. So what do we get from the seminar and if you got that what's important about that product or service or experience another what's important about having it and i want you to write that answer now i'm not going to ask you to to share that with the group i just want you to write it. So you have your answers readily available right. Then once you have that let me see if i can find a better template for you here we go.

So what's important type in your answer write your answer what's important about that and if you got that part if you got what's important about it ultimately what would that do for you right. What would you experience what would you see what would you hear what would you feel right. And if you and i'd go about three levels down. So again i asked the question trying to find the optimal way to view this because i keep changing things here uh.

So you ask the question what's important about what you came out tonight right. Type your answer if i got that what's important about it type your answer and if i got that ultimately what would that do for you and what's important about it right. So if you do this properly you should have three sets of answers each one getting a little bit more emotional is that true or not true how many of you notice you're getting a little bit emotional as you're typing your answers okay. Now here's where it gets fun i want you all to stand up i want you all to stand up and now in the privacy of your own room i want you to speak those answers to yourself five times just repeat them out loud five times from the most superficial up here to the deepest here and when you've done that type done in the chat kathleen says done anybody else done perfect what did you notice when you repeated those just the answers to that question out loud what did you notice what did you feel type your answers in the chat happy heart you go into a powerful state feel awesome happy guess gets better better of purpose excellent chris mantra very good empowered perfect do you think it would be okay.

For all of your customers partners friends spouses loved ones it would be okay. To move through the world helping everybody else feel this good or better you think that'd be useful deep connection antoinette says happy this is how we go through the world making everyone we meet feel ridiculously good you see everyone you meet has an emotional driver that they want to satisfy this is how it's meant that's right. Chris okay. This is what you're going to be giving with people okay.

This is what you're going to be giving people this is what you're going to be sharing with them okay. Here's the thing you need to understand about the process okay. So as you link this to everything i'm going to teach you to do. So you can get more of what you want understand this what you tapped into was a person's emotional reasons for everything they do now it's context dependent.

But for every single thing a human being can conceive of they're going to have an emotional bonding checklist that can be accessed just like i showed you okay. This is where we're going to start okay. If you can link you can get a person to emotionally bond what they want to what you offer they will tend to do what you want by default and you will gain tremendous tremendous loyalty connection and trust from this person a person cannot go against these things without experiencing emotional pain they cannot have those things massaged and stimulated without feeling emotional pleasure is that cool to move through the world showing people how to feel ridiculously good and getting everything they want by doing what you want is that an ethical win-win way to go through the world. So led's asking are there any negative side effects for using the echo technique with someone who's a bit dodgy would it potentially contaminate echo i don't know what echo shredding is um using the echo technique with someone who's dodgy uh it really depends on their level of sensory acuity um.

But by and large people who are dodgy are just as susceptible to the echo technique as anybody else and that's where we're going. Next what if there was a way what if there was a way to literally force somebody to pay attention to you a way to literally at the at the neurological level cause them to just vomit information about themselves in such a way that the longer they talk to you the more connected and attracted to you they became would that be something you'd like to learn about type yes. If you'd like to learn that in the chat okay. So some of you have already hinted at it you've seen me alluding to it and.

So many things we're going to talk about a technique we call the echo technique now what i just shared with you is called the emotional bonding checklist part and parcel to the emotional bonding checklist is this concept of the echo technique the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the ones that just came out of their mouth let me repeat that a couple more times the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the ones that just came out of their mouth okay. Now you don't have to believe me for this to work for you all you have to do is go out and go amongst humans in their no. In their natural habitat and when people speak to you simply use as many of their words when you respond to them as possible and notice what happens how many uh how many my veterans here have used the echo technique um in the past just type that in the chat kevin asks does this work with a narcissist works exceptionally well with narcissists works exceptionally well with narcissists it works right. Okay.

The way you get to this deep level of emotional bonding checklist is through the echo technique you ask a question you echo it back you agree with them wash rinse repeat. So let me now in the earlier part of in an earlier slide i showed you what we call the master validation sequence or the master echo sequence and that's what we're going to cover now. So at the basic level the principle that i want you to get is if you want to force somebody to pay attention to you in such a way that they literally can't not the fastest most powerful way to do that is the echo technique you will trigger a process in them that causes them to want to connect with you more deeply that causes them to want to be with you more often to close that distance and and be in your presence more you literally become the most fascinating person they've ever talked to in a few minutes do you think that would be useful socially professionally personally would that be useful to just be able to walk up some and become the most fascinating person they've ever met in a few short minutes right. That's exactly what the echo technique will do right.

The echo technique is the foundation technique that it's like the skeleton key to the or the bump key to the human nervous system people can't resist the echo technique even when they know it's being done even when they know it's being done okay. So if you come away from this webinar with nothing. But the echo technique and an understanding of that emotional bonding checklist you're already miles ahead of the competition. But we're gonna we're gonna give you the opportunity to to learn this a little bit more deeply.

So let me let me share with you if i can uh what i call the master echo sequence or the master validation sequence okay. There's a there's an optimal way for you to echo okay. And here's how it is here's how it goes. So this is uh my uh did i am i sharing my screen okay.

Yes. Okay. So this is how to get maximum this is how to get maximum attention to minimum time most powerful way for human beings to communicate with is uh is the echo technique it literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention to you it eliminates the problem of making small talk this is one of the beautiful things about the echo technique how many of you guys here hate small talk bernardini says i have a friend that always repeats the. Last word i say to him before i start before start talking and i love him that's absolutely right.

Right. I hate small talk that's why i surround myself with people who are into the things i love because i don't have to make small talk. But if you ever find yourself in the line at starbucks and you got a little chatty kathy or chatty george or whatever this will help you tremendously tremendously if you're at networking functions where you don't know how to get people to really want to remember you or whatever that's one of the problems that you have is that people don't remember people who don't engage them emotionally if you use the echo technique properly you will automatically engage their emotions okay. So and the beautiful thing about the echo technique is that when you use it it triggers a process inside of people that makes them want to reveal themselves it makes them want to talk about themselves even more and here's the best part about this and i have to there's always there's always a smiling on my face when when i explain this when they hear the echo technique they they what's that their sonars going out right.

You hear what they say and you give them back exactly what they were sending out when it comes back it comes back as a hundred percent match to their internal checklist and they get. So excited they orient on you like like a magnet right. Like a laser beam like laser focus and because they heard exactly what was going on inside their head they want they feel validated they feel heard and understood and connected to and they want to tell you more you understand. So what will happen is the moment you echo a person back they'll start talking more and they'll keep talking and you won't have to say all that much except to echo them strategically from time to time and here's the best part the longer they talk the more trusting connected and attracted to you they tend to become is that useful type yes.

In the chat type yes. Or yes. As t hardware would say right. And you don't have to say anything practically and they feel.

So validated. So heard and understood when you echo them properly they will feel like you've known them better than their best friends do uh kj brocky's asking does it help to make them wait a while sometimes as in responding to an email um waiting doesn't seem to be a factor either either for or negative as long as it's their words as long as it's their words it'll register ng says they get disappointed when i reject the romantic gestures yes. Uh again you have i'm warning you right. Off the bat this stuff is powerful use it at your own risk.

But if you're here to take the randomness out of your life if you're here to get more of the things you want to hear yes. More often use these techniques build them into whatever other systems of persuasion or influence you happen to know if all you do is come away with what we've learned tonight you'll already be way ahead and try to get caught john masters is one of them literally one of the masters he's been studying me for a long time he's gone out into the world uses all over the place try to get caught and notice what happens instead right. And the best part is even if you get caught there's nothing to catch because all you're really doing is communicating to a person this is the important piece you're communicating to a person in exactly the way nature designed them to want to be communicated with right. So here's something i want you to think about assuming what i'm saying is true right.

Now don't believe me talk to the people who've been using the echo technique for any number a length of time and go off their experiences okay. Think about this for a moment i'm telling you right. Now on this webinar on may 6 2021 at 4 59 pm pacific time that the echo technique is the fastest most effective way most authentic and and set fulfilling way to communicate with another human being understand that now here's the thing i want you to think about if you knew the the way to talk to somebody that would cause them to feel absolutely connected absolutely her absolutely validated and want to spend more time with you because it felt good to be around you if you knew exactly how to do that and you chose not to you chose not to who's the jerk now think about it for a moment right. If the echo technique is the most ethical honest satisfying and gratifying way to communicate from one human being to another and you choose not to do it well who's being the jerk right.

Now a common thing that happens when people start to use echo technique for the. First time is something called the spotlight effect the spotlight effect is this sense of self-consciousness that arises whenever you start to employ a technique that isn't something you or organically unconsciously do for yourself and because you know you're actually using a technique you think that everybody else knows it too i'm here to tell you that is not the case right. When we come back from our promotion uh our explanation of our package that we've got i'm gonna tell you some really cool stories about people not believing the echo technique would work how i use it in business how i connect that and integrate that with criteria and values right. And how you can begin to put it into practice right.

Away okay. But this is again if you go back to that cpi model control your state get rapport use your language manage the state of the subject right. The echo technique bridges rapport language and state management it connects all three of those levels in one technique it also puts you right. Into their process you need you don't need to know how or why that works all you need to know is that the moment you start echoing them you're also jumping into their process and indirectly linking right.

To their emotional criterion values without asking for it okay. Because if you go back to that. First exercise where i had you write down go back to that exercise and read that list out loud a few more times just read it out read your answers out loud you don't have to read the questions just read your answers out loud and notice what happens to the feelings in your body type that in the chat type done when you're done robin's like robin figured it out all you're doing is repeating your very own words to yourself that's all you're doing you understand every time when you communicate with someone this way they're going to have feelings like this and they're going to be looking at you when they do guess who gets linked to all those good feelings that's right. Not hard just get out of here in a way right.

But again one of the things that holds us back is this is this idea that we're going to get caught well here's the. First thing if you know in your heart of hearts that this is the way to make people feel the most heard understood accepted approved of validated and allows you to understand people better than people who've known them 20 years and if you come from the place of wanting to know them better and wanting to communicate with them in the best most fulfilling way possible there's nothing for the for you to get caught doing what are they going to do. So why are you repeating the words i say all i ask is because i want to understand you better and make sure that we understand each other better and communicate correctly is that okay. Who's going to say no.

To that the only time that you will get caught in a negative way is if you start echoing somebody and they catch you and you stop doing it that's it right. Because there's a framework that goes on we don't have time today to talk about reality frames and things of that nature uh in uh in some of the courses that we're going to talk about. Later we'll be talking about frameworks and reality frames and things to do. But the thing is is if you understand if you adopt the echo technique as a way of life just your default way of moving through the world that when you don't know anything else to do or you don't have a specific outcome in mind just reflect their words back to them in exactly the words that came out don't do reflective listening which is kind of hearing what they said changing the words and saying that back keep to the exact words you only the most exact words humanly possible you got me on that.

So far okay. Cool. So i'm going to give you a real um i'm just going to give you some some real quick pointers on this um where's. So what we've got here let me go back to sharing my screen what you've got here is called the master echo sequence and the way this works is you ask a question it always starts with asking a question whatever they say to you you agree you find some way to signal that you're in agreement you understand where they're coming from you totally get them they're good enough you repeat back what they just said you ask another question and.

Then you pay attention to the responses. So real quick example for this is um once upon a time i had a martial arts school in coral springs florida and if you went a half a mile in any direction there was another martial arts school and. So i would literally get calls that went something like this ring ring good afternoon coral springs martial arts academy this is david how can i help you oh hi david my name is brenda i'm looking for karate i'm interested in karate lessons for my 10 year old son josh oh hey brenda good to meet you. So you're looking for karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh yeah now that sounds funny because i literally just repeated back what they said.

But that's exactly what they do okay. And i say well brenda you know karate lessons are a really great step for 10 year old kids and i'm sure josh has some good reasons for for wanting to take karate. But i'm curious just. So i understand you better you know what's important to you for uh about karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh you know well david i'm glad you asked because you know josh is a great kid he's super super smart uh.

But he's small for his age in fact you know not only is he small for his agent he's he's super smart. But you know he's. So smart his his teachers actually moved him up a grade and they're actually ready um they're they're act and i know i'm ready i'm afraid that when he gets into that had that earlier grade that the bigger kids are gonna are gonna pick on him and i think i think i've always heard that martial arts was good for concentration was good for you know self-defense and i thought it would be a really good thing for josh to kind of help him uh you know keep up and and and be accepted uh by the by the older kids oh i see. So josh is not only really smart he's uh and small for his age uh his teachers have actually moved him up a grade and you're worried and you heard that martial arts was a good way to build confidence and and just for self-defense and you'd like you like to use that to help him focus and kind of help the kids accept him is that true yeah david that's exactly it can you help me well the truth be told brenda is that martial arts is a great way to teach younger smaller kids how to defend themselves it allows them to become very con to concentrate more easily into focus more readily and because of that confidence he'll tend to carry himself better and that'll cause the the older kids to kind of give him a little bit more respect and they'll be more willing to accept him now to help josh along we have a special program designed specifically for kids who uh need to be able to kind of focus better to have more concentration to be able to protect themselves from bigger stronger bullies and things of that nature uh it comes with it's a two private lesson class along with one group class it comes with a free uniform and we'd like to offer that to you just to come in and try it out we have a slot available today at 5 30 pm we also have one available tomorrow at 6 pm which would be better for you let me think um you know i think tomorrow at 6 would be better because.

Then i can have i can pick him up at school he can get his homework done he can have dinner and. Then we can come in and and try the lessons great i'm going to put you and josh down for tomorrow at 6 00 p.m i'll just have my secretary take some information and we're going to help josh and you to stand up to those bullies to have more self-confidence self-respect more focus and be more accepted in that in that big and that heavier in a higher grade. So that you can feel confident knowing that josh is in the right. Place we'll talk to you soon bernice you have a great night thank you david we'll talk to you soon click about nine out of 10 people show up from that okay.

That's literally how the conversation went right. I don't have to ad well again 80 of what you're going to say comes out of their mouth because out of the person's mouth now the way that you hack this is a little template going back to this you ask your question. So here ask your question pay attention to response and. Then you repeat back what they said you agree with it you repeat it again sometimes in the form of a question and you ask again you pay attention and you just keep cycling through that okay.

Now be warned if you're using this out in the field right. People will start to run off at the mouth right. They'll start to just keep talking let them because the longer they talk the more connected to you they become the more trusting of you they become. So i want you to go back and when we come back we'll look.

At ways to mask the echo technique ways to integrate it with the emotional bonding checklist and. Then depending on uh real quick question when we come back from our our process are you guys more interested in learning how to uh make people like love and trust you or getting people to how to remove resistance to persuasion which would be something you're more interested in type it in the chat which one you'd like to you'd like to focus on when we come back both resistance removal removal okay. 3mq is it well i think it's an overwhelming we're overwhelming on this one okay. All right.

So well. So if it's okay. With you i'd like to share with you a training opportunity that we've put together when we come back we'll talk about some ways to mask the echo technique in normal conversations. Then we'll focus on resistance removal specifically how to utilize this in normal conversations to get people to want to do the things they've just said they didn't want to do does that sound like a sound like a plan.

So before you jump on our offer make sure you review everything on your checklist that we wrote down and connect it to what i'm about to tell you okay. Can you do that styles okay. Cool all right. So without further ado i have a question who wants to take their lives to the.

Next level put your answer say i'm ready in the box if you're ready to take your life to the. Next level because if you're ready if you're ready to go i'm ready to show you how to do that okay. I'm ready excellent here we go all right. I want everybody to answer 3mq is resistance removal permission with your permission i'd like to teach you about a program i put together specifically for you it's called the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion training home study course this is a course that allows you to hack the human nervous system in an ethical honest and powerful way that lets you get what you want and make people want to do what you want them to do it's all about helping to take your life to the.

Next level. So whether you come to this webinar looking to make more money to close more deals to have more dates to be able to help your clients better to feel more confident or powerful the secrets of human influence program is all about winning the game of life and i'd like you to really think of it as a game because if you think of it as a game you're going to play it better okay. If you'd like to be 30 percent better at everything learn to be more playful that's a step that's a statistic that comes from a hostage negotiation by the way this program will teach you step by step by step in exquisite detail how to become more charming charismatic and irresistible the way i define it and the way you define it okay. So here's what it's about there is a time limit on this offer it does expire tonight may 6th at 11 59 pm um as we go through this process um again remember that hard deadline there will be some other things that are actually even more time sensitive that i'm going to share with you.

So please uh link what you want to what we're going to be giving you this is the seventh the secrets of human influence is a 17 video course that teaches you the entire seven stage universal persuasion protocol our art our time tested never disclosed to the general public state control training it's proprietary how to think like a master influencer which is how to set goals and how to how to measure them how to become very very outcome directed as an influencer how to know who you are and the things that are important to you and what's not it's a 297 dollar value we're going to teach you how to control your psycho-emotional state how to go into and out of any emotional state as an act of will. So that you can have a link those emotions to other people's neurologies. So that they actually begin to feel the way you want them to feel when you want them to feel that and if you do it properly and there's actually drills and tests for that you'll be able to use to figure out when you've made that connection now that'll let you know that that connection has taken place and it will actually change the perceptual filters that reticular activating system or emotional refractory period that everybody has that controls what you pay attention to you'll learn how to tap into that and change it from the inside out. But the probably the best part about the psycho-emotional state control is this is once you understand how this works you can be in control of yourself anytime anywhere under any circumstances and no.

One can push your buttons or manipulate you emotionally for any length of time against your will ever again would that be a good superpower to have it's a 297 it should be a 1297 value because this is something that everybody needs to know we're going to teach you power rapport skills in our approach to human influence we have three levels of rapport each one teaches you how to influence human beings in a very different way some are more optimized for attraction applications others are more optimized for therapeutic applications others are more optimized for selling applications we're going to show you the differences that make the difference how to do each and every one. So you can turn on the right. Juice the right. Mojo uh anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason because that's what it's about influence we're all about wielding influence from the boardroom to the classroom to the seminar room to the treatment room to the bedroom okay.

It's a 297 value we're going to teach you the most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns in the world the ones that really create the most powerful and irresistible change in another human being these seven patterns will allow you to a direct a person's internal focus of awareness to exactly what you want them to be and exclude everything else it'll allow you to automate mental processes inside the minds of your listener. So they automatically begin to undergo the cognitive thoughts restructuring that you want them to have we're going to teach you using another language pattern how to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the mind of your listener another language pattern will teach you how to make anything you want mean anything you want in the mind of your listener that's all on top of the echo technique and. Then another yet another pattern will show you how to force a person's internal thoughts and mental mind movies to be exactly what you want them to be without any with any without any danger of being misinterpreted okay. And it creates such a powerful state of uh absorption based trans in them that they literally find you the most fascinating compelling charismatic speaker in the room okay.

Um 297 dollar value we're going to teach you how to manage the emotional states of others right. So that they they're emotionally primed where you want them to go and you can sequence them from one emotional state to the. Next to the. Next to the.

Next until they until they naturally take the behaviors that lead to you getting the things you want and hopefully them getting the things that they want we're going to teach you how to hijack a person's own internal behavior code you see for every behavior a human being engages in whether it's a thought a feeling a memory a belief or be an actual a physical action there's a sequence of cortexes of the brain that's fire in a certain sequence kind of like a code to an alarm or a code to your gps or a code to um a spark plug firing sequence in your engine and and that key keys to that brain real estate that firing sequence come out in the way a person speaks using the cpi system the killer influence system you'll be able to pick up that code instantly and use it to get people to take the behaviors you want them to take at the time you want them to take them it's really powerful and it's based on the technologies i've already taught you it's just an extension of what you're learning right. It's a 297 value and. Finally like we've been alluding to here like we've talked about today we're going to take it even deeper we're going to show you how to even more powerfully emotionally bond anyone's deepest desires to doing what you want them to do and get them to want to do it like that it's it's it's almost unfair if it weren't for in fact the most powerful and ethical way to persuade anyone to want to do what you want them to do ever devised it's a 297 value we're also going to include what i lovingly call the killer influence master text this is our killer influence manual and it covers everything that we've just talked about it also teaches you the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence of the the categories of attraction of authority attractivity affinity and acquiescence if you have any two of these you'll automatically generate a. Third one which gets you full compliance and again authority is the king attractivity is the queen everything else follows suit was teaching powerful techniques on each of those categories that you can let use to leverage everything we've talked about.

So far and make everything you're doing even more powerful than uh. Then you've already experienced we're going to teach you about proxemic hypnotic operators this is how to manage and manipulate spatial relationships between you and another person most people don't realize that simply standing on a person's dominant side if they're right-handed standing on their dominant side will actually cause them to think more highly of you than if you stand on their non-dominant side where do you sit at a meeting or negotiation to have the maximum hypnotic impact the maximum authority in the minds of your listener we'll show you step by step how to do that how do you position yourself in relation to another human. So they automatically perceive you as more trustworthy likable and less threatening these are just some of the things you'll learn in that chapter we'll teach you about social hypnotic operators these are some of the most powerful hypnotic triggers in that every human being is susceptible to because society itself programs these into things like reciprocity and liking and commitment and consistency and um scarcity these are all things that you flick it's like you flip a switch and the behaviors are automatic you'll learn how to use them how to recognize them and how to how to protect yourself from when they're being used on you we're also going to teach you about meta programs matter programs are ways people think about the world and how to if you match a person's meta programs they automatically consume your information in the way that's most normal and natural for them to want to do what you want them to do there's. So much more if you want to learn how to read people how to detect lies it's also included in this killer influence master text it's a 418 value and we're also going to give you access to a special online community where you can actually practice and learn these skills hands-on.

So that's what we've got the secrets of human influence home study course 17 videos 200 plus page manual the seven stage universal persuasion protocol total value two thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars. But as you can probably guess especially if you've been de-bopping around planet david for any plan of time we're not going to stop there there's a lot more coming your way just stay tuned grab your course today it will also include these special bonuses. First one is going to be weapons of mass instruction this is the scientific and seductive storytelling secrets the neuroscience of narrative and persuasion as i like to call it you know one of the most powerful persuasion tools on the planet in fact it's literally governed the history of mankind is the power of story and one of the most frustrating things i encountered when i was trying to learn how to use story and metaphor to persuade nymph was that nobody gave me an answer i could understand nobody gave me a set of do this do this do this build this into your story build that into your story avoid this they didn't teach me the things that i needed to know to be able to convey what i needed to convey everything i went to on storytelling was all about ericksonian metaphors and um the theatrics of storytelling or the hero's journey none of that is really really was really useful in my opinion i realized after buying yet another course on storytelling that was exactly the same thing as every other storytelling course i'd ever seen that if i wanted a course that would give me the foundations the neuroscience of how and why story actually works to be the most powerful persuasion tool in the world i was going to have to create it and. So i did i went on a mission i started looking for all the neuroscience i started looking at the top presenters what they were doing how they were doing and i made some amazing discoveries.

First and foremost that there's um there's and i there's actually a system behind the system i'm going to i'm going to tell you about in a minute i broke i created this course i broke it up into five or six modules the. First module is all about connecting with stories these are stories that allow you to connect in five minutes in a line at starbucks and get people to bond with you. So that they want to interact more fully and freely we'll teach you about the neuroscience behind it how it works and why one of the things most people don't realize is that just hearing the word story hearing that a story is implied automatically triggers the listener's brain to entrain with that of the storyteller and the longer and more absorbed they become in that story the more those brain hemispheres align until they start actually anticipating what you're going to say. Next and you can do all kinds of amazing things and i'm going to teach you about stories for leadership and what we call alpha stories these are stories that have a powerful persuasion push to them these if you want to lead motivate inspire get people to buy the things that you're selling or to take the.

Next step in your life these are these are stories that have more energy they add more more persuasiveness to your message. So we've got a whole chapter devoted to the structures and the neuroscience behind that. But one of the coolest things i discovered was something called omega stories and omega stories were radically different than alpha stories and this is again where we start to differentiate what we're doing in terms of uh weapons of mass instruction from every other storytelling course on the planet omega stories think of it this way an alpha story here's here's a metaphor i like to use an alpha story is all about persuasion push. So if i have this big filing cabinet and i need to push across a room the heavier that filing cabinet is the more i have to push that's an alpha story okay.

But let's say i have to move a filing cabinet and i don't have enough juice or um it's too heavy for me in some way right. But i put some rollers where i put some oil on the floor and now i can slide that filing cabinet much more easily that is exactly what omega stories do a lot of you are asking about resistance removal you guys remember you asked me about that omega stories don't add more push to the message they reduce and remove the resistance to the persuasion it changes people's attitudes thoughts beliefs in the background and it allows you to cause people to buy into the story to associate into it and. Then there's another there's a phenomena connected to storytelling called transportability there's two factors that make stories irresistible if you have these two factors identification and transportability the stories become exponentially more irresistible okay. Stories are one of the few things that can literally change a person's mind in the background even if they're diametrically opposed to the attitudes prior to hearing it.

So identification is one we'll talk about the identification principle how it works how do you build it into your stories the other one that's super cool is the phenomenon known as transportability transportability is the ability to get someone. So fully absorbed and engrossed in your story that they can't not think about it okay. There are six key factors to building transportability into a story to make it even more irresistible we're going to teach you what each of those six categories of phenomena are how to build them into a story we're even going to give you a checklist that once you've created your story you can present it to a focus group hand in this questionnaire and they'll rate 21 questions they'll rate the power of that story. So that when you deploy it for an audience when you deploy it in your podcast or you deploy it with a client you know you have an accurate assessment of exactly how powerful and persuasive that story is that's modules five and six the.

Next module is another one you guys have all heard these these um we call it ninja stories right. You've all heard of famous public speakers like mark victor hanson robert allen lisa sasebic uh t harvecker uh tony robbins of course um uh who's some others that i can think of the top of my head um a lot of the the marketing guys right. And a lot of those people have speakers trainings right. And a lot of them are using the tools and techniques of nlp in their stories they're using stories as a delivery mechanism to enhance exemplify and accelerate the persuasive power of a story to prime people to think feel and behave in predictable ways you've ever seen guys like t harvecker talk for a few hours and.

Then half the room meets up and stampedes to the back of the room to buy every single thing that he has for sale this is the this is what he's doing we literally take a transcript of one of his presentations and we deconstruct it and show you all the hidden nlp all the confusion patterns all the semantic priming all the behavioral priming all the uh uh presuppositions things of that nature we talk we show you where what what he's doing how he's doing it and. Then we teach you each and every one of those techniques i think there's about 12 different ninja influence techniques that are that form the ninja the ninja stories model right. And. So you'll learn how to do it you'll learn how to be aware of it when it's being used on you.

So that you can engineer powerful compelling presentations and stories that change people from the inside out regardless of what your outcome is whether it's to transfer learnings to people to get them to want to take the. Next level and work with you in your in your coaching business or your therapy business or your sales business whether it's to get people to come to your. Next event or upgrade to a higher coaching level package we're going to show you the process the persuasion architecture you'll learn each of the techniques you'll learn how they fit into each of these models and you'll have a powerful step-by-step persuasion blueprint that lets you utilize story to its fullest effect that's what weapons of mass instruction is if you were to try to buy it on the website it would cost you one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar on the website we're going to give this to you absolutely free as part of your secrets of uh ultra persuasion package okay. Uh total combined value is four thousand four hundred and forty seven dollars.

But we're not going to stop there if you register for the secrets of ultra persuasion home study course we're also going to throw in one of my favorite courses this is called renegade reframing and the art of conversational belief change this is literally how to change overcome objections or change any belief in seconds think about this for a moment what if for every negative belief you had any negative belief somebody else had any argument or objection they had to doing what you wanted them to do you had at least different ways to overcome or change that belief what would you be able to accomplish if you could literally just blow people's resistance out of the water and give them a better way to believe that would move their life forward and help you get what you want would that be useful to have because you see about many years ago richard bandler the founder of nlp would stand up in front of his his practitioner classes and his master practitioner classes and he would say change my belief meta model me check you know reframe my belief and he would challenge his students there says just about everything i agree he would challenge his students to try to change his way of thinking and every time a student would say well what about this. So what about that or maybe it's this he would use one of these patterns and after a while one of uh one of richard's associates a guy by the name of robert dilts after observing richard for a number of years realized that there were 14 different strategies that richard was using to completely blow his students out of the water every single time he took. Those 14 patterns he created them and he called it sleight of mouth and sleight of mouth has been one of the coolest aspects of nlp also one of the hardest to crack i've i've spent years unpacking this simplifying it making it more user friendly more streamlined and and i actually created a card game that would allow you to practice this we call it the reframe game right. And we're actually thinking about making it a drinking game the reframed drinking game where if you if you if you miss a reframe you got to take a drink right.

It's a lot of fun you can use this on yourself to overcome any limiting beliefs that you have you can use it to win any argument overcome objections things of that nature it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar people to register before um the deadline tonight we're going to give this to you absolutely free 100 total value. So far is going to be 6 000 if you went to the website and tried to buy. Then by the way you can't buy some of these on the website they are not available okay. Total um you uh total value would be six thousand three hundred and ninety seven dollars okay.

When you register before the end of the webinar we're also going to throw in uh one of my favorite techniques when i created the cpi system this was the. Second cpi course i created this is called charisma on command i think we changed it the name of it to chemistry and conversion charisma chemistry and conversion and this is hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers i've taught my students for many many years that the fastest way to build your business the fastest way to get clients tomorrow by speaking today is through public speaking and i teach my students how to do this i teach the persuasion architecture i teach two forms of of presentation that allow you to do small group presentations and have people flooding to the back of the room to sign up for your product or service and i teach one stylus geared towards large group presentations that allows you to have 30 40 100 people running to the back of the room to sign up for your product or service it's very heart-centered it allows you it teaches you basic stagecraft the actual format of a talk that subliminally programs people to want to buy your stuff we in this course we also deconstruct uh some of those transcripts i mentioned earlier for weapons of mass instruction. So that you understand how this works and how it looks from the stage we'll teach you about nested loops we'll teach you how to hold a microphone we'll teach you about sound systems we'll teach you how to repurpose content. So that once you've recorded your your talk you can put it on youtube or our instagram and have those things out there generating more business and more authority for you forever right.

It's a 1 950 value it's yours absolutely free total combined value of this package. So far if you were to be able if you were able to buy it on the website is eight thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars. So let's just review really quick what we've talked about um this is the secrets of human influence 17 video universal persuasion protocol it's a 2 497 value the killer influence master text 418 value we're going to talk about that online community in just a moment which i believe is absolutely priceless if you want to be good at this the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling secrets recorded live 1950 value renegade reframing the art of conversational belief change speed conversational nine hundred belief change dollar value and. Finally the charisma on command hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars total value if you were to buy and get it on the on on the website today will be 8 347.

But today i'd like to give you the best deal humanly possible i'd like you to come away feeling like you got not only actionable tools. But where to go. Next and i want to do that by giving you the best deal humanly possible. So you won't have to pay eight thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars we're not even going to charge you six thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars we're not going to charge you 53 47 nor are we gonna charge you 33.47 in fact we're not even going to charge you 23.47 for those of you who want the most powerful persuasion system on the planet you can get everything i've just described to you tonight for one low installment of just 9.97 just 9.97 and if you need a little help all you we can break that up into three easy installments of just 397 for you if you register before the end of the webinar all you need to do to get that is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o if you need help if you have questions reach out to stephanie or holly or brandon they're in the chats to help you and to answer your questions uh if you need to speak with stephanie directly you can reach her at 858-282-4663 that's 858-282-4663 you can also email her stephanie at nlp power.com at stephanie nlpower.com now for those of you who like to call please leave your contact information if you call and leave your contact information before 11 59 tonight you will qualify for this program if you do not you won't okay.

Um if the line up quick. So by all means please uh [Music] yeah all you got to do go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go stephanie will call you back if you need to modify the payment plans a little bit we do have some flexibility stephanie can fill you in on that better okay. So once again if you're on the fence i want you to understand something that if you aren't successful with this i don't want your money. So i'm going to give you a very special promise i'm going to give you 90 days to try this out 90-day guarantee if the secrets of human influence does not help you make more money close more deals move you towards your financial freedom to cause you and allow you to feel more secure confident and powerful when interacting with other human beings getting them to want to do what you want them to do if it doesn't allow you to start winning in more social encounters and be more irresistible.

Then i'll refund every penny you pay okay. That's my 100 percent satisfaction guarantee all i ask is that if you're having challenges with the content if you're having challenges implementing any of the material in the course reach out to us directly at three or three 858-282-4663 nlp power let us help you through your sticking points in terms of application if after a reasonable amount of time it's still not working for you i will happily give you your money back because if this material isn't useful for you i don't want your money okay. My job is to help you become the person you want to be to have the life you want the way you want it and if this technology doesn't work for you which is impossible for me to think about. But i want you to find something else that does and i really really believe that i really really mean that.

So you have 90 days to put this to work if it works keep it if it doesn't work go give us a call we'll refund your money that's there's absolutely zero risk for this you don't lose anything by taking a shot at this. But i do ask that you actually do the drills and get the skills because i can't we're good at what we do guys and gals. But we can't multiply zeros okay. All you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and hopefully maybe holly and stephanie and brandon can throw those links into the chats for people who need it okay.

But as you can probably guess especially if you've been be bopping around planet david for any length of time as if this wasn't amazing enough already for those of you who are ready for those of you who are truly committed to getting on the fast track to becoming a master of unstoppable persuasion for getting the life you want the way that you want it for achieving look. At that list of the things you wrote down at the beginning of this webinar if you're ready to get that and more here's what i got for you i also if you sign up before i end the webinar tonight in other words when the the courses i've just talked about are good until 11 59 pm the. Next set of bonuses are fast action bonuses they're only available to you for as long as i'm logged into the webinar the minute i log out of the zoom room these bonuses go away and you lose them forever okay. So here's what we got for you for those of you who really really want to take your skills to the.

Next level to become an unstoppable master of persuasion and influence we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to our nlp power mastermind mentoring program. So let me explain a little bit about how this works it's a 594 dollar value and here's how it works on the. Third saturday of every month i get together with my students sometimes in person sometimes virtually now that we're moving back to uh being out of the uh out of the pandemic. So to speak or on the tail end of it we're going back to live events we'll start meeting again in person.

But for the time being we're still meeting virtually. But on the. Third saturday of every month like clockwork from 11am to 4pm we all log into a zoom room and i literally go around the room and i say holly what do you want to learn john what do you want to learn gisele what do you want to learn bob what are you on kj what do you want to learn stephanie what do you want to learn brandon what do you want to learn seth what do you want to learn right. I take everything that they want to know about i write them on the board and i look.

At it and i see where they all kind of intersect where the connecting threads are and i create a lesson plan right. On the spot and for the. Next four hours i drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay. At the end of those four hours you take your new skill sets out into the world and you apply them you will not get a certificate from the nlp power mastermind mentoring program what you will get is hands-on skills skills that will serve you every time you decide to use them you decide to get this program and move forward and actually use these skills okay.

If you do the work if you do the drills you'll get the skills and the skills will serve you and it will take you from initiation or access to ownership for everything that my students get from me i always tell them for everything you get from me you'll always pay twice the. First payment's the easy payment okay. That's the money you can always make more money it's the. Second payment though that's the most important the.

Second payment is the one of time energy effort that's the payment that takes you from access to information to ownership and it's a skill set and a power that will serve you anywhere you go anytime you choose to use it okay. So i encourage you if you like what you've learned. So far if you've loved this package and it's one of the best out there in fact it is the best out there and you want to take it even further join the mastermind program take that three months and just on the. Third saturday month just log in tell me what you want to know about and i will drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay.

But there's better there's more to that you see this program has been running for a very long time it's been running since 2010 october 2010 to be exact and we have videotaped every single session and we've archived those videos on the nlp power website we've archived a section of a chunk of them on our private facebook. Group and we've archived another part of them on our private youtube channel as a member of the mastermind mentoring program trial membership or not you get a hundred percent 24 hour a day access to the entire 10-year archive for as long as you're a member of the mastermind okay. Video that has never been shown on youtube video that's never seen the light of day it's never been shown outside of um members of the elite mastermind group. So that's thousands of hours of of information on everything from energy work to therapy to attraction marketing copywriting hypno.

Conversation hypnosis neurolinguistic programming how to improve your memory um manifestation and law of attraction and all points in between it's yours to binge watch to your heart's content if you've been binge watching our videos on youtube there's an equal number of videos that have never been on youtube in the mastermind mentoring archive and you can binge watch it to your heart's content for as long as your mastermind member and you get the hands-on skills you meet a bunch of cool people who like to do cool stuff just like you that's free for you if you grab one of these memberships before the before i log off tonight there's only a few spots of this left if you like the mastermind stay at the end of three months let stephanie know you want to continue we'll make that happen for you if you don't you have three months to some of the most amazing people the best skills and practice sessions and massive content that nobody's ever seen for three months can't beat that with a stick okay. Total value is way more than 594 dollars. But we'll put it in there we'll put it in the chat for that okay. But you're also going to get for those of you who want to start hypnotizing and putting this stuff into action tonight i've included this course this is a course i created many years ago it's called the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course it's a deep dive into the the seven most powerful language patterns that exist lie detection instant and rapid hypnosis inductions um hypnotic hot buttons there's even a five video mini course where i'm teaching these hypnotic language patterns to a private meetup group powerful powerful stuff this is specifically designed for people who want to get started today you can literally watch two videos and be ready to hypnotize somebody uh that night it's a 997 value it comes with manuals it comes with workbooks and transcripts it's a 997 value it's yours absolutely free.

So the total combined value. So far for the fast action bonuses along with everything else is nine thousand nine hundred and thirty eight dollars now for those of you to be about you know around planet david for a while you know that i'm a huge proponent of live events and this is probably the coolest part of our program for those of you who are the. Next 15 people to register for this program today we're going to issue you a special vip super ticket this ticket will grant you free admission to any single live event of your choice in our 2021 and 2022 calendar even if it's something that we haven't added yet okay. Now there are some limiters on this and i just want to tell you.

So the asterisk there says that there's some restrictions a it's for any course that's five days or less paul's asking are we planning to return to dk yes. As soon as the board is open we'll be setting up trainings in the uk if the course you want to come to has prerequisites that you haven't satisfied you must take those prerequisites. First now let me explain a little bit more about the vip ticket program because this nobody else nobody does this the way we do it the vip super ticket allows you to come to any training you want provided you've qualified for it even if the training sold out. So let's say we have a training like we're doing a face reading master class in july it's a four day event and let's say it sells out and you have this super ticket you want to come to the event if you tell stephanie you have a super ticket we will let we will find a seat for you in the sold out training if for some reason you sign up for a training and at the.

Last minute the borders get closed again your boss makes you work somebody dies in the family somebody gets sick or for whatever reason you can't make the training all you have to do is pick up the phone give stephanie a call or an email and we will move you to another training you do not lose your ticket until you use it okay. Let's say there's a training coming up. But your calendar was such that you couldn't make it there was no. Way you were going to be able to get to that training all of a sudden at the.

Last minute your schedule opens up you want to come to the training. But it's it's closed or it's or the registration's over all you got to do is pick up the phone give stephanie a call or send her an email we will move you to that training okay. Let's say you have somebody that you would like to share this experience with you can gift that ticket to a friend or spouse or a partner or a sibling or or a son or daughter okay. Um final thing about this particular ticket is that once you have this ticket the price of the event no.

Longer matters. So paul was asking if i'm ever forever coming back to the uk the answer is yes. We're also going to be going back to the eu what the things that and one of the things that we do when we go to places like uh the uk or the european union is all of our events are in the local currency. So we don't have to to fudge with uh exchange rates and things like that.

So if you buy a 1950 event in the uk or a 1950 event in in the eu it's not going to be in dollars it's going to be in pound sterling or in euros that doesn't matter if you have one of our vip tickets. So if you get one of our vip tickets at the american price and you want to go to event in the uk it's not going to cost you any more you get to walk to the front of the room you get a special seat even if we're sold out. So massive amounts of value here and you and there's no. Time limit if it takes you four years to use that ticket it'll still be good you have it for as long as until you use it total value for all the trainings for all the bonuses for everything we've talked about total combined value is eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty eight dollars all you gotta do to get this vip ticket the three months of the mastermind and the stealth instant conversation nurses crash course fast action bonuses is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go again secrets of human influence home study course valued at 2 497 secrets of human influence killer influence master text 418 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free weapons of mass instruction 1 950 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free uh renegade reframing in the art of conversational belief change 1 950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free um chemistry charisma and chemistry and conversion 1950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free nlp power mastermind mentoring program and all the videos 9 000 i'm sorry 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and you're also going to get that vip super ticket that gives you access to any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar and beyond now one of the things that that i want to kind of really really uh impress upon you is that people always ask me especially in the early days they would say david i noticed that the i noticed that the uh the prices between your live events and the prices between your video courses are very close what's a better investment for me should i buy the video should i come to the training without hesitation i look.

Them in the eye and i say come to the live events because at the live event i can observe you i can interact with you i can give you drill after drill after drill i can tweak and modify and customize drills to make sure that you come out on the other end of that seminar owning those skills in a way that's real world applicable. Then when you go back and you watch the videos of your course you will see things you didn't see before you would hear things you didn't hear before you will see it through new eyes. Now if you can't get to a live event. Then the video courses are.

Next a good. Second choice for those of you who are restricted by cova you can we do have a hybrid training program if you're locked in the in australia canada the uk uh the eu and you can't physically get to a live event you can take the course virtually holly who's operating our our youtube chat room right. Now she is our online mentor she is amazing at teaching this stuff um i'm often in awe watching her work with 20 10 20 30 people at a time getting them into doom rooms getting monitoring their their drills and making sure they get all their reps in she is absolutely astonishing with what she can do and uh and. So what we do is you can attend the event in real time through the zoom interface you will get broken up into groups you will be doing the drills your drills will be counted you will be issued a provisional certificate that is good for free attendance at any live event in the future and.

Then when you come to that live event you go through the drills we vet you on the skill sets and you get a full certification in the in the in the discipline that you came to learn about. So you get a provisional certification if you do the online learning which is contingent on the completion of a live event when the borders open. So you literally get to come you get two events for the price of one if you take it hybrid. But certain restrictions do apply to co to to qualify for the hybrid program you must be legally restricted you must be legally restricted from travel.

So australia borders are closed new zealand borders are closed uk borders are closed eu borders are closed you can attend through the hybrid program. But if you're in florida and you just don't want to haul your weenie butt to vegas you don't qualify right. If you can get to the training we expect you to get to the training that's all we ask because our job is to make you good we can't make you good as well if you're not if we can't monitor your practice and i asked this ticket works one time yes. One ticket one event.

So if you have 12 tickets you can go to 12 events right. Limit two events per customer right. So this is what we got for you right. It's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value now if you notice our prices are two are twenty two fifty and higher at the door.

So this ticket can actually be worth a lot more than one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars. But we're gonna give it to you absolutely free if you want the. Next 15 people to register for the training. So total value 11 888 bucks you can get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need to we can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 all you need to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and uh we'll help you out.

So what's gonna happen now is we're gonna take a five-minute break five-minute restroom break when we come back we're gonna we're gonna start teaching again we're gonna circle back we're gonna cover a little bit more on the echo technique we'll try and integrate that a little bit with the emotional bonding checklist and. Then what we're gonna do is we're going to jump right. Into the resistance removal formula we'll show you how that works we'll teach you how that works um and maybe we'll demo it for you as well and you can you can feel how this works for yourself. So um before you go to the bathroom make sure that you register for your your your course.

So you reserve your course you can qualify for that free vip ticket when we come back um we're going to dive into um we're going to dive into more content just like i promised is that fair cool all right. Okay. Cool. So it is 5 56 by my watch right.

Now and uh. So let's take seven minutes. So i'm gonna be back at six um at six four six oh no. Yeah 604 i think yeah 604 and we're going to jump right.

Into more language technique more resistance removal and more emotional bonding okay. If you have questions reach out to stephanie holly or brandon and they will help you uh get situated. So i'm going to go ahead and go potty we'll see you soon. So while we're waiting for folks to come back from their breaks um you guys have any questions start you know i have a few minutes before we have to get back.

So what questions do you have if any. So uh um paul who's asking this one's that besides reps is there a better way to get better at doing resistance removal besides reps everything that you're going to need to do for resistance permanent for resistance removal is going to revolve was all revolve around some kind of repetition now those reps can be they can be done mentally they can be done in front of a mirror they can be done with a live human they can be done on yourself. But everything is a rep right. The more the the more context that you can actually practice in the more comfortable you're going to be doing this anytime anywhere you see one of the things that we've built our entire reputation on we call what we do real world hypnosis and and the reason for that the reason we call it real world hypnosis is because we want our practitioners and our members our students to be able to do this anytime anywhere under any circumstances with practically anyone for any reason and.

So everything that we do is geared towards teaching you how to be that kind of practitioner right. We're not you know we we try to teach the you know to be the good jedi. So to speak. But we're not persuasion cops some of you are going to be applying these things in very adversarial situations like if you're a personal injury attorney uh law enforcement officer interrogator interviewer um auditor things of that nature um mediator sometimes these things can get a little bit more combative or adversarial than others and.

So you have to use tactics that are a little bit harsh the vast majority of most people's applications don't need to go that direction. But we want you to be able to generate very powerful very compelling and irresistible communications that leave people feeling better for having done what you wanted them to do we want you to be able to do that anywhere you go i don't care if you're a therapist i don't care if you're a bartender i don't care if you're a lawyer or mediator i don't care if you're uh an aspiring pickup artist right. Or if you just want to make your happy your wife happy or your husband happier or your children get to listen to you better right. We're not going to judge the application.

But you need to understand how human beings work and you need to develop the ability at least in our world this is what we this is this is our gold standard the ability and the willingness to do this anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason i don't know of many other trainers who can brag because i'm going to brag now about my students who can do full hypnosis in a hotel in the lobby of a hotel undergoing renovations. Next to a jackhammer that's actually operating and be 100 successful our people can do that and it's because of the way we train you it's because of the drills and the way we make things simple and easy and the way we introduce these things to you now you may never be called to influence somebody. Next to a jackhammer. But wouldn't it be great to have that level of ability right.

You can we've these these methods are proven they're tested over and over and over again and. So our commitment is to help you get there that's why we give you the 90-day guarantee that's why we make this. So easy and we give you that live ticket because we want you to succeed we want you to be successful we're good at what we do we really are. But we can't multiply zeroes you know.

So if you do your part we'll do ours right. Go ahead and get your package if if you know this is right. For you right. If you have doubts well i can't i can't speak to that you know you know how bad do you want what you say you want right.

But that's kind of where we come from um there are some other quick questions here i wanna again i just wanna i wanna i want you to know that i'm here for you right. I wanna i'm gonna teach you the resistance removal part. But i want you guys to know that i'm committed to helping you guys become the best influencer you can be. So kevin says i've naturally used my echo my whole life.

But did not know this until i learned it from you that's true that's probably true most good persuaders do these things a lot of things naturally that we other the rest of us have to learn and that's okay. Because they're learnable they're skills they're not just people were born with this silver tongue they're learnable skills right. Deborah says yes. Joseph says i use it online chatting and i people can't stop chatting and always want to connect with me 100 um paul's asked can you re-sequence their phrases provided you don't change the basic construct yes.

Yes. You can it's not as optimized. But it will work it'll work very well chris says awesome great scripts um if you hear eyes. In the background because my daughter is in her tongue pseudo class right.

Now um it's all about them okay. All right. One more question. Then we'll jump into if someone in your life is toxic do you recommend trying to change the dynamic using influence techniques or is it more trouble than it's generally worth and better to get away from them and fill your life with healthier people i'm going to tell you right.

Up front that a lot of the people in our lives don't shouldn't be there and we have to make a decision about how much value a person brings to our life is the person in our life making our life better fall in life based on the people you surround yourself with okay. I've i've run head. First into this principle over and over and over again and yes. With enough relentlessness and enough determination hard work you can beat the odds.

But you shouldn't have to okay. If you're willing to make the changes you know man you have to you know surround yourself with people who are going in the same directions or types of directions that you're going. So the question that was is is it worthwhile to influence these people you can there is a degree of influence that you can exert over these kinds of people the question you have to ask is is the level of energy and effort and exhaustion i'm going to go through the level of skill that i need to work with this person worth the investment if the answer is yes. If the answer is that the value that they're bringing the degree that they're making your life better is there it's quantifiable.

Then yes. It's worth the effort to exert the influence and manage that that relationship if the answer is no. Which is more often the case by the way is unfortunately. Then the answer is you're better off using your skills to keep yourself safe and removing that person or yourself from that circle of relationship and being free okay.

Chris voss in his book. Uh never split the difference said no. Deal is better than a bad deal i'm going to paraphrase that and say this to you no. Relationship is better than a bad relationship now emotionally we don't feel that way because we're afraid there's not going to be another one i'm afraid the.

Next one will be worse believe me when i say you're better off not being in a relationship than suffering with a bad one it will destroy your health it will destroy your peace of mind it will not you day and night okay. You will live on eggshells you will develop all kinds of weird stuff because of the background stress and tension. So pulling the trigger again i'm not telling you to stay i'm not telling you to go i'm telling you to evaluate the value this person brings to your life emotionally physically financially if that's a factor for you and. Then decide what to do remember that they're not mutually exclusive you could decide and i don't i don't recommend this.

But it's a possibility you could decide to try and manage the situation using the skills and techniques that you've learned and if that fails eject or you could just pull the trigger and say you know what this is not a relationship that is healthy for me it's keeping a space for you from being filled it's probably time for us to go our separate ways right. I teach a lot of very advanced uh very powerful influence techniques and technologies for managing these kinds of relationships can't cover them here in a webinar obviously we do cover quite a bit of them in the courses that we discussed in in advanced live trainings and things of that nature. But right. Now you most of you barely know me most of you don't you know i'm just some dude a vest right.

You don't know the technologies you don't know you know that's why we give you some stuff that you can use right. Away um there's more we give you we're giving you like the sample platter. But there's whole systems that we've developed for managing all types of human interaction and human influence and communication and if you want to take that to the level and deepen that relationship with me. So i can teach you better pull the trigger go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and we will do everything we can to give you the skill sets to manage your life.

So um that being said are you guys ready to learn some more stuff yes. Or no. Okay. Let's go back.

So people were asking about the echo technique and um the gentleman mentioned earlier that one of his partners always always um like echoed the. Last word that they said he fell in love with him that's actually one of the ways that you camouflage the echo technique. So let's look. At that really quick i want to focus on resistance removal.

But i want to go ahead and um just show you that the way that there's a whole science behind the echo technique that you don't need to to use it out in the field. But if you want to become a master. So to speak. Then.

So let's talk about masking the echo technique a little bit. So some of the ways that you can mask the echo technique you can do it in the form of a question you can do it in the form of a statement. So if i'm using this as an example let's say i want to let's say i'm echoing myself right. And i'm saying what are some ways to mask the echo technique now notice what i did there is i i said what are some ways to mask the echo technique right.

I could say it in the form of a question i could i could do what we call a stem process instead of saying what are some ways to mask the echo technique i could say to mask the echo tag what are some ways to mask the echo technique i could look. At them and say to mask the echo technique which is a question right. So what the what the conscious mind pays attention to a lot of times is the words the unconscious mind pays attention to the structure and because the unconscious mind is more powerful than the conscious mind you can say the exact same thing and sound different right. So let's say you have a question like how can you remove a curse put on you by a witch i could say how to remove a curse or i could say how to remove a curse right.

So again i can just put a i could i could shorten that even more this goes back to what the gentleman was saying right. A curse how do you how can you remove a curse put on you by a witch a curse or how do you put a curse put on you by a witch a curse or a curse a curse right. So the tonality gives you a different sound and. So the neurology doesn't pick up that you use the exact words.

But the same words will send a signal of sameness to the nervous system. So you can mask the echo technique using tempo through pitch tonality volume you can use segments to match everything you can do a full echo you can emphasize different words you can use just the. First phrase or the. Last statement of the sentence again as you can see there's a whole lot of ways that you can use this if you if you like if you wind up like.

So many people who use the echo technique out in the field and you start echoing them and they just start running off of the mouth. So much. So that you can't remember everything they said all you really need to do is remember the. First phrase they said and the.

Last phrase and it'll work just as well okay. Because most people focus on the. First thing and the. Last and they lose everything in the middle.

Anyway. So there's lots of different ways that you can throw these little echoes out during a normal conversation and the tonality or the tempo will mask that you're using exact words. But it'll still send that signal of sameness it'll still trigger the neurology to start to divulge and self-disclose more information and the more information a person discloses the more leverage you gain in influencing that person to do what you want them to do in a way that's right. For them does that make sense if that makes sense type that in the chat okay.

Perfect excellent okay. So let's talk about resistance removal. So this formula that i'm about to share with you um was derived it was it was something i adapted. So john f said even echo back as a participant rather than a question yes.

Absolutely right. So one of the things that i love about the resistance removal technique is it it actually works on everything and what i mean by that is i've actually used this technique to argue people out of being in back pain i've used this to cure people's tinnitus believe it or not i actually have those on video you can go to my um you go to my youtube channel type in uh conversational pain relief and you'll watch me literally using a variation of the technique that i'm about to share with you to argue somebody out of their back pain. So it goes literally like a four or five to a zero in like five minutes right. And and one of the reasons that that works is because the nervous system the the divisions of the nervous system that control physical pain also control psycho-emotional pain.

So if i can if i can stimulate that area the right. Way through my words i can deal with physical or emotional pain you have to you have to tweak it right. The the subject needs to be a little bit more suggestible for this one to work it wouldn't be my one of my go-to uh techniques for pain relief. But it happened to be one of those moments where i was teaching it and it just kind of came out organically see here jax is spinning tennis in myself it's almost completely gone disappears when i'm online listening to you how about that because it's something you want to hear right.

Excellent a lot of good a lot of good questions in the chat i like good questions okay. And again the more the more the better the question the better the training my job here is again to give you the information to go forward. But i also want you to believe in what i'm telling you even though you don't need to i want you to to take these skills go out into the world and and just say david said it works like this i'm just going to do what david said and see what happens have fun with it be as playful as humanly possible the more playful you are the more power you have okay. That's also true with um with the resistance removal protocol now the resistance removal protocol i have adapted from a book.

That book. Is called instant influence by dr michael pantalone p-a-n-t-a-l-o-n-e dr michael panlone who did his initial research i think he was from stanford okay. So there's a couple of things that need to happen when you're doing resistance removal the. First thing ironically is that in order for people uh i'm going to put this up on the screen in just a moment here we go okay.

So this is uh again uh the the the the source material is dr michael pandelon's book. Instant influence the. First thing that has to happen when you want somebody to give you a reason for doing the thing they just said they would do let me clarify that for you write this write this down this way the most powerful reason anyone can have for doing the thing they just said they did not want to do is the one they make up okay. Let me say that again the most powerful reason anyone can have for wanting to do the thing they just said they didn't want to do is the one they just made up and that's exactly what this process does it guides you through a conversational framework that leads a person to make up their own reason for wanting to do the very thing they just said they did not want to do okay.

Now the very. First thing that has to happen when you want to reverse somebody's decision is you have to restore in their mind their ability to not do it and what here's what i mean the technical process is dissolve psychological reactants restore personal autonomy. So human beings have what i call lovingly the you factor okay. It's called reactants reactants and resistance are a little bit different.

But the result is the same people don't do what you don't what you want them to do. So think of it this way if i have if i have a person standing. Next to me right. And they're solid and they're just kind of hanging out and i push them if they feel me starting to push or they know i'm coming at them to push them what would you do wouldn't you just kind of dig your heels in and kind of get ready to brace yourself and push back yes.

Or yes. If that's something you would do go ahead and type that in the chat okay. That instinctive pushback that wanting to stand your ground psychologically or physically is not conscious and. Therefore it's not resistance i believe resistance is actually a little bit more on the conscious side than reactance is reactance is the initial pushback that is activated whenever we perceive that somebody is trying to take our freedom away or impose their will on us without our permission does that make sense reactance is the psychological pushback that people go are the physical pushback that people engage in any time they're the the target of an attempted influence that they did not invite or somebody is trying to take their freedom of choice away now when people come to how many of you guys are here for therapeutic are like therapists or coaches or whatever i i don't i'm i'm curious okay.

Grant grant's here okay. Good all right. Virginia good okay. So here's the thing a lot of times when people come to you especially if you're dealing with things like smokers alcoholics um procrastinators things of that nature they're coming to you because they have to do something that they don't want to do.

But other people are pressuring them to do it and what happens is the moment a person feels like the locus of of uh influence is out the locus of control is outside of them they become reactant because they feel like their sense their freedom to choose has been taken away okay. Remind me after we go through the the protocol to talk about uh internal motivation versus external motivation okay. Because it plays a large part in this phenomenon. But it's not if i explain it now it's just gonna it's just gonna muddy the waters a little bit the.

First thing that has to happen if you want somebody to choose to do what you want them to do is you must tell them it's okay. For them to say no. That it's absolutely 100 percent okay. For them to not do it and and you will support them in not doing it okay.

So if i get somebody who uh what was the example i used. Last time um smoking all right. Let's let's let's take worst case scenario you got somebody who comes to you as a therapist and they say i need to help i need your help i need you to make me quit smoking now. First of all the moment you hear the word make come out of somebody's mouth you know right.

There that they're not in control they're there for some other reason they want something done to them not for them or with them. So the minute you hear that little flag should go up. But and i might say something in fact. So you want me to make you quit smoking what did i just do there by the way can you make me quit smoking.

So you want me to make you quit smoking that's right. Why did i do that because the moment the moment a person gets their very own words back they feel heard they feel understood they feel like they have an ally and the moment they feel that alliance they don't want to give it up and. So you begin to leverage right. Off the bat.

So you want me to make you quit smoking yeah yeah i i i you know my parents my parents are on me about the smoking my wife has given me about it my kids say i taste and smell like an ashtray and uh i just wanna i just i just to stop i just want people to stop bugging me about it. So i need you to help me you know make me quit smoking. So. So i don't have to hear crap from my family anymore oh i see.

So you're getting crap from your mom and your dad your kids say you smell like an ashtray your wife's giving you about smoking you want me to make you quit smoking yeah dude can you help me well i can help you. However let me ask you a question. First and foremost i want you to know that you're here and i'm here okay. Your wife isn't here your kids aren't here your parents aren't here you're here i'm here and my job is to help you to make your life better by your standards and your definition.

So i'm going to tell you something right. Up front let's let's call him frank frank frank i want you to understand something if you don't want to quit smoking i'm okay. With that if you want in fact my job frank is to help you enjoy your life more. So if you don't want to quit smoking i'll help you not quit smoking in fact i'll help you enjoy smoking more i'll even teach you tricks and techniques to manage your family.

So you can smoke without the without the hassle right. I want to support you i want to help you be the person you want to be. So if you don't want to quit smoking i'm on your side i support that because that's my job right. I'm not here to help your wife i'm not here to help your kids i'm not here to help your parents i'm here to help you.

So lit i mean sound funny. But if you want to be a better smoker i'll help you be a better smoker because that's my job to give you what you want. But i am curious about something if you you frank were to want to quit smoking for your own reasons right. Not my reasons not your wife's reasons not your parents reasons not your kids reasons your reasons if you were to want to quit smoking why why might you want to do that well save me a lot of money for sure probably able to taste better food better and breathe better yeah that's that's probably right.

So let me get this straight you'd save money you'd be able to breathe better food would probably taste better sounds about right. Yeah that sounds about right. All right. So let me ask you something if you were to be able to save money breathe better have your food taste better on a scale of 0 to 10 frank why might you want to do that or how much might you want to do that zero to 10 maybe five excellent five.

So let me ask you this frank why. So much why didn't you rate it less what what why you want this. So bad why didn't you rate it less well because i want to breathe better and i want to save money and i i you know it just makes sense it's just i just want to you know have food taste better you know it's i like i like my food you know it's i want to do that excellent and i agree i think it's important that your food tastes better you breathe better and you call you save some money. So thinking about it like that what's the.

Next step that we need to take to move you towards having better tasting food saving that money and breathing better well i guess we need to do a session excellent how soon you want to get started right. Now cool let's go. So what happened what did you what did you type in the chat now what did you observe in that in that role play he talked himself into wanting to quit even though i was i was wrong i was literally like being two different people. So what were my responses what what did my nonverbals look.

Like was i congruent youtubers don't be bashful type it in the chat used i used echo a lot didn't i right. Exactly. So let's break this down okay. In fact if you guys want to you can we can do a couple of actually we can do a couple of these together.

So you understand the process okay. First and foremost you must restore let me go back to my screen you must restore our sense of personal autonomy acknowledge their right. To say no. And support that right.

To say no. Right. I did that very you know i went very very deep into that in in a very congruent very heartfelt way in in in saying that look. Frank i'm here for you i'm not here for your mom i'm not here for your daughters or your kids i'm not here for your parents i'm here for you and i'm here to help you get what you want and if you don't want to quit smoking i'm going to help you not quit smoking you can come back into the time when you're ready i can help you become enjoy smoking more.

So you get more joining from less cigarettes i can make you be able to smoke without having actually physically light it i can do all those things right. What do you want right. I'm going to support you no. Matter what and if you were to want to do that for your reasons not your spouse's not your parents not your problem if you were to want to do that for your own reasons why might you want to do that right.

The moment you ask them why you activate two levels of the brain simultaneously the mammalian brain as well as the neocortex the newest layer of the brain the neocortex of the brain is the rational lying brain it's the part of you that makes up reasons for justifying and doing the things you do and they have nothing to do with reality. But the reality that gets challenged grows stronger we'll talk about that i'm going to open that loop we'll come back to it the. Second part of your brain that we're going to activate is the mammalian part the limbic system which is the emotional part which is where your values are where your emotional bonding checklist is okay. And.

So the moment a person taps into their own why and you engage them emotionally that cements in that new reality that new perspective. So what did i do i restored their personal autonomy i asked them what they wanted okay. And i asked them to generate their own reason for why they might want to do it if they were to do it now remember this person's already said they don't want to do it you say and you know what if you don't want to do it i'm going to help you i'm going to help you not do it i'm going to support you no. Matter what.

But if you were to want to do this for your reasons for your reasons why might you want to do that right. What happened when what happened when i asked them why they might want to do that he gave me a reason i echoed i vow i agreed i echoed i asked the. Next question okay. Um you guys with me.

So far do a man a lot of a lot of relationship questions coming up in the in the youtube sections right. Okay. So the minute they give me a reason i wanna i wanna i wanna save some money i wanna have food taste better i wanna breathe better i'm gonna agree i'm gonna yeah i think it's important to breathe better that food tastes better and to save money. So let me ask you a question on a scale of 0 to 10 here's the magic question how much might you want to do that the magic word in this sentence one.

Second is might this is one of those times when a seemingly innocuous word makes all the difference on a scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that they're going to give you a number usually 1 to 10. it doesn't matter what number they give you like in my example i think frank gave us a five right. For most people's perspective that's not a very high number. But they said they said ten i said oh i see his alright. I said what number frank he says five said five excellent let me ask you a question why.

So much why didn't you rate it less why didn't you rate it less okay. Now you now if you watched if you go back and you watch the replay of this video you'll see me do exactly what most people do when you ask that question i asked frank i said frank on a scale of zero to ten how much might you want to do that he said five excellent. So five huh let me ask you this why. So much why didn't you rate it less and frank goes what because they are.

So used to people saying why don't you want it more and be and and going on the defensive for being berated for why they want it more that they they think they know what you're going to say and. Then they hear why didn't you rate it less they go that's a momentary confusion induction by the way right. Why. So much why didn't you rate it less here's an important principle for this the behavior or the rationale the rationale that gets attacked grows stronger when you have to justify anybody ever ask you like um somebody asks you a question and you say no.

Or they say or they give you an answer and. Then they go why why do you want to do that or why do you not want to do that how did you feel type in the chat how did you feel did you feel like agreeing or did you want to you felt attacked you felt inferior you challenged my statement you felt defensive right. Now think about this for a moment the person came into your office defensive expecting you to try to make them do something that they really don't want to do that's what they ask you for because in their mind their autonomy has been taken away by giving them the choice that it's okay. For you not to choose that you give it back to them now you move them through this process where they've generated their very own reason for wanting to do it the moment you have them rate it and ask them why they didn't rate it more or less you you you triggered defensiveness and.

So that level five jumps to level six or seven the moment a person has to answer the why question the resistance they have to change gets stronger only this time it's getting stronger in the direction of the choice you want them to make you understand what i'm saying right. Let's all do this together shall we let's all do this together i want you to on a scale of 0 to 10 write some i'll guide you through it's going to be hard for us to do this a little bit um. But i want you to have the experience of this okay. Think of something that you've been putting off or been hesitant to do okay.

And i want you to understand something that let's say for example i want you to buy my program right. Whatever and i get it if you don't want to buy my program that's fine i support that i support that right. But if you were to want to buy my program for your reasons not mine not holly's not stephanie's not um brandon's why might you want to do that for your reasons write that down write that down on a piece of paper right. I want you to feel this why might you want to do that we're going to do a generic one.

First. Then we'll circle around and do the uh do an individual one okay. Now as you look. At that reason on a scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that here are my words repeating your words back to you how much might you want to do xyz your reasons for doing it write the number down now answer my question out loud why did you rate it.

So high why didn't you rate it less why did you rate it. So high why didn't you rate it less answer the question out loud and. Then once you've done that type into your chat what happened to your desire to do it it increased lisa says see some of these things you have to increase virginia says it increased do it more yeah it increased it became a 10. boom jedi trick it clarified right. Now if i were a mercenary son of a i would say brandon holly stephanie put the link in the chat before they change their mind right.

It increased now you can do this with yourself you can do this with any of your clients who don't want to do the things that you know are going to get them the result that they want for those of you who want to do this you can go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go okay. Um. So let's do one more um. But before we before we do one more let's just review what our package is.

So people can kind of know where they're going oh okay. Okay. Let me just change this really quick is this useful. So far by the way guys is is this something that you can take into the field and actually put to work okay.

Oops all right. About that. So here's what you're getting in the whole package tonight secrets of human influence uh ultra persuasion protocol 17 video seven stage universal persuasion protocol 2 497 the killer influence master test valued at 418 you get the three month nlp power mastermind mentoring program totally priceless right. Weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling secrets one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value federation and conversational belief change one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value you're gonna get the charisma on command hypnotic persuasion skills for speakers and presenters uh one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value you're gonna get the fast action bonuses.

So the stealth instant conversation with notices crash course valued at 997 dollars you're going to get the nlp our mastermind mentoring program practice group 594 value and that unlimited 10-year archive and you're going to get that free vip ticket to any single live event in our 2020 2021 calendar total value is eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty eight dollars you can get it all today for 9.97 all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go it's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go if you have any questions reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 once again that's 858 282-4663 or you can reach out to stephanie nlpower.com okay. All right. You guys want to do another one yes. Or yes.

Some good stuff going on in the chat. But it's going by. So fast and it's kind of kind of glitchy because i think we've got a lot of people on all right. So now let's do another one and again once again i need you to pretend that you're working with me personally and i want you to speak things out loud i'm going to ask you to write them down just.

So you have them. But i want you to speak them out loud because i want you to see how generic this is right. So scale of 0 to 10 name something that needs to be done. But you don't want to do write that down and.

So insert that as we go through this conversation together the. First thing i want you to understand is regardless of why people want you to do this thing you don't want to do regardless of all the logical reasons and the ethical reasons and the social reasons yadda yadda my job here hold on a. Second let me change uh change my screen my job here is to help you and the important thing to remember is i want you to have the life that you want the way that you want it and. So the.

First thing i want you to understand is that if you don't want to do the thing you just wrote down the thing you're you're playing with me right. Now with if you don't want to do it i'm going to help you not do it we can either cut it here and and terminate the interview or i can help you not do the thing you don't want to do better find other ways to get the same result without having to do that thing you don't want to do right. I'm going to help you in any way i can because at the end of the day you're the one that's here on this webinar you're the one that is engaged in the process of learning how to become a better persuader right. So you're here for your reasons not your mom's reasons not your wife's reasons not your husband's reasons not your brother's reasons not your kids reasons your reasons right.

And. So i'm gonna help you for your reasons. So as you look. At that thing that you wrote down that you don't want to do i'm curious about something if for some mysterious reason you did want to do it for your reasons nobody else's why might you want to do that go ahead and write that down and.

Then speak it out loud just write it down speak it out loud a couple of times and. Then i'm going to ask you another question imagine that i've just heard what you said i've echoed it back to you and i've asked you this i'm curious on a scale of 0 to 10 if you were to want to do that for your reasons scale is 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that write the number down say it out loud type done in the chat when you've done that okay. Excellent. So here's my question why did you rate this.

So high why didn't you rate it less why didn't you rate it less speak the reason out loud why didn't you rate it less write it down. Then type it in the chat excellent pf because i really want it excellent. So what's the. Next step that we need to take to get that.

First impression what's the. Next step write that down type it in the chat and. Then tell me what you discovered in yourself as you did this process type in the chat what you discovered how soon you want to get started on it type in how soon you want to get started now perfect tomorrow perfect and that's the close by the way there's two closes that you use with this what's the. Next step we need to take how soon do you want to get started parker says now yesterday leticia says tomorrow right.

Where'd the resistance go now i could make now in killer influence and and uh the 17 video course that you learn i'll show you how to take this even further and lever and connect this to criterion values yeah definitely feel more like i want to get it on yeah pretty cool huh they might even deny they had a problem yes. Very cool right. And like i said i've used this for pain i've used this for emotions i've used this to help people get over um a boy a breakup okay. This is probably one of the solid platinum radioactive nuggets i've discovered right.

And again it takes a little bit of practice. But if you go back and look. At the structure once again it all starts with restoring a sense of personal autonomy communicate to them that it's okay. To not do what they you know they're trying to people trying to make them do and.

Then you ask them if you were to want to do x why might you want to do that you validate echo and ask again scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that the moment they give you a number you echo validate ask again and. Then you ask why. So much why didn't you rate it less they're going to do a double take they're going to just they're going to give you a justification for why for why they want to do it and. Then you ask them what's the.

Next step to move forward how soon do you want to get started and that's the autonomizer that's the resistance move hold on a. Second there's people there's all kinds of questions floating by in the chat hold on a. Second james says i cannot do this because my sense of self is not my identity okay. I don't understand that question or that statement.

But if you use this on someone who is super compliant could the question is why didn't you rate it less have the opposite effect i've never seen that happen uh the only time that might happen is if the person's actually trying to please you and if you've done the the the autonomy restoration process adequately they should feel safe enough to give you their true feelings good question though yeah when you start getting you know a lot you got to be very careful because the most important piece of the resistance removal protocol is the is re returning of restoration of the autonomy you see if a person does not feel truly feel that you are on their side they will tell you what you think they want to they will tell you what they think you want to hear rather than the truth and. So the whole rapport building echoing process is absolutely critical in giving people the ability to feel like they can express themselves without judgment because if they feel in any way that you're going to judge their answer especially if they have a weaker sense of self they're going to tell you what you think what they think you want to hear right. And that's where you've got to pay very close attention right. Because if you think that's what they're doing you haven't you haven't done the preliminaries you haven't deepened the rapport enough you haven't made them feel safe enough you haven't made them feel supported enough okay.

Does that make sense you must soften yeah and again we'll teach you all about softeners in the course and things like that right. Now softeners don't help you if you don't have the skeleton right. If you don't have the bones the muscles and the flesh and the guts and the blood don't ain't gonna help you okay. But this is a very very very powerful process uh and i've used it on everything from getting over a breakup to um back pain tinnitus uh a lot of cool stuff there's a lot of cool stuff going on in the chat.

So us here says i really want to organize my house. But i can't get myself to prioritize doing that over going out to play okay. Use this process uh you can also combine uh you can also combine this particular formula with a program with a process called the the echo magnet or the procrastination blaster dan larson says can it help with cptsd from long-term abuse yes. Yes.

It can will it be the only technique that you use probably not. But it's a great way to oh i think i just closed my youtube channel i think i just lost my youtubers um sorry about that guys uh let me see if i can get them back on a. Second oh no. Apparently the live stream is still going.

So i i accidentally closed the window to my youtube channel. So hopefully they're still with me i'll have to log back in and fix that. But. Anyway um questions about about the resistance removal program all right.

Real quick uh we're coming in towards the uh the tail end of the webinar here. So while youtube is working okay. Thank you. So just a quick reminder here's what we've got for you for those of you who want to take your again we've given you some nuclear powered stuff already if you did nothing.

But the echo technique the emotional bonding checklist and the resistance removal protocol you have some powerful powerful tools to get people to say yes. And even if they say no. How to maneuver them to where they want to say yes. And move them in the direction that they've decided sometimes if you want somebody to go south you can't get them to go directly north you've got to kind of veer them off angle by angle by angle the nice thing about the resistance removal it gets them focused on the reasons why they want to doing something where they're doing something okay.

So once again for those of you who want to take advantage of this you want to work with me personally um and use that vip ticket we've got the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion home study program it's a 17 video course that teaches you the entire seven stage universal persuasion protocol it drills deep into every level. So that you can do these things in your sleep it's got two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value you're gonna get the killer influence master text which has tons and tons of information including. But not limited to the universal persuasion protocol it's a 418 value we're going to give you that bonus weapons of mass instruction the neuroscientific storytelling secrets home study course with the the modules on stories for connections stories for persuasion motivation stories for removing resistance ninja stories transportability training and beyond okay. It's a 1950 value we're also going to include the renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change home study course and card game and manual it's a 1950 value um if you could buy it on the website which as far as i know you still can't it's only available through our webinar program for those of you who register before i walk off i log off the webinar tonight you're also going to get the following fast action bonuses stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at 997 dollars you're also going to get the nlp power mastermind mentoring program group trial and practice group three month membership plus the uh the full video archive access for three months where you get to roll up your sleeves hang out with cool people who like to do cool stuff and really hone down and get your skills where you can do them anytime anywhere it's a lot of fun it's probably the of all the things i've done it's probably one of the one the single most powerful reasons i can do all the things i do because on on the.

Third saturday every month i literally in front of a different group of people all asking me how to come how to do things and i have to find a way to link them all together into a cohesive study plan. So it's forced me over and over and over again to come up with new ways to integrate these things and it's given me insights that i couldn't have gotten any other way it could do exactly the same thing for you. But most importantly it'll give you the ability to hang out with like-minded people and do the actual skills that you need to move your life forward if you truly are committed to taking your life to the. Next level you can't afford to be without this okay.

And of course to cement in that learning and make sure you get on the fast track to becoming the most powerful influencer imaginable we're going to give you that free vip ticket to any single live event in our 2020 2021 calendar it's valued at 1 950 remember that there are a few restrictions um this the vip ticket is any course that's less than five days anything that doesn't have a prereq and anything that is uh a joint venture um those don't qualify. But anything that is put on specifically and purely by me you're more than able to use that as long as you meet the the criteria for it. So it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value can be as much as two hundred two thousand two hundred fifty dollars uh because that's our what a lot of our at the door prices are now for our live events total value for this entire package if you could buy it on the website which you can is eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty eight dollars you can get it all today for one low investment of just 9.97 or if you want to you can break that up into three easy payments of just 397 each all you got to do is go to www.killerinfo forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and stephanie and brandon and holly can help you with your questions we can set up payment plans for you and um help you get from where you are to where you want to be in the shortest amount of time possible okay. Um that being said at seven o'clock um i'll stay on for a few more minutes i'll take any questions that you have and hopefully answer those um i would i'm going to have to ask anybody who's coming in from youtube would you please um pass it on to holly or stephanie paul says 3 a.m in the uk paul thank you.

So much for hanging out i miss you and your lovely wife i hope to see you guys very very soon get some sleep my friend carl's asking would like to know more about narcissism if it's possible on today's seminars what would you like to know carl about narcissism john master says thanks david you're very welcome john good to see you again who's got questions now's the time when would now be a good time to ask your questions or if you're busy talking to stephanie that's okay. Too frederico says you are a gift to the world that is. So kind thank you. So much if remote viewing the future alters it does remote viewing the past also alter the past it might i think i think i think time flows both ways i really do um the problem of course is your um the problem is is that your nervous system is always running simulations and.

So if the past changed you might not actually realize it mark jones says thank you please. Next time earlier as three a lot of uk folks this time around grant says great session as always david thank you. So much grant good to see you again man i want to shout i want to do a special shout out to all the people checking in from the uk that's. So that's uh a lot of desire and a lot of passion to show up at 3 a.m uh on a webinar that is not short thank i wanna all my all my brits all my european all my euro friends thank you.

So much for your support we love you we will i promise you we will get back to visiting you in the uk um innings and things of that nature and kind of moving forward um i've been missing you guys a lot uh. But we do plan on coming out. So once again special shout out to all you uh you furners as we say uh here australia too yes. Absolutely our aussie contingent is.

So friendly. So loyal grant says the pleasure is mine seven years of australia india two excellent jax i didn't see your question ask it type it again please hold on a. Second i'm gonna have to expand the chat box because things are going by. So quick okay.

I've been telling people about you. But i get resistance in the way of they they believe it's all about convertedness and being unethically changed how can i get around this what are you telling people i need to know exactly how you're telling this to people jax. So that um he had a spin stephanie says we're coming to australia may 2022. robin says yeah yeah thank you stephanie all right. Questions questions questions come on this is your time this is asking you once again i think i figured out why the the zoom is.

So laggy i think we've got more than three or three people uh logging under my account i think that has i think that's something to it valerie asher says you're awesome david thanks. So much thank you valerie i'm glad you joined us that is not about covertedness about learning about you about you can help okay. So are they seeing the words covert hypnosis when they come to my websites um if that's the case send them to davidsnydernlp.com that's the new website and it's a little bit more it has a little it's a little less edgy than my original site i like edgy myself. But sometimes it spins people in a different direction seth is saying at youtube us hereafter i divorced a narcissist i figured out to only respond to the positive things said or done and to ignore the rest that were approved yes.

The behavior that gets repeated gets rewarded i have found most have seen your videos okay. Some people are just not ready jax and if they're not ready. Then hit them with the resistance removal protocol and see where that takes you um. But at the end of the day you probably best off not even talking about hypnosis.

But just you know doing a criterion values listation hit them with a resistance removal and. Then point them at the video that satisfies that and. Then have them think about it again don't it's not about hypnosis it's about getting what you want right. In an ethical honest way.

So rebecca's asking how does hypnosis work on bad habits very well um again your habits are imprint imprints locked in at the subconscious mind. So as soon as we begin interacting with the subconscious mind we can begin to dissolve and neutralize the reasons behind the habit and. Then as the reasons behind the habit go away the unconscious mind is much more willing to let that habit go in in place of a new habit and. So you always should you should always once you dissolve a habit you should always replace it with something else that's positive and moving in the direction that um is in line with who you want to be kathleen gilligan is asking um the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated writing it to remember yes.

Remember it you'll never go wrong it's a it's a it's a uh an axiom for living federico is asking would this work with an ex who was willing to work things out. But after talking to laura wants everything and is not willing to talk or change possibly possibly it would really depend on how that particular lawyer spun it. But yeah you could theoretically change your mind using this technique or this technique in combination with others stuart is asking david resistance removal technique just suppose they don't want to get involved in the process and get angry why might you want to do that well. First of all if they're getting angry you haven't gotten rapport you haven't resolved their you haven't restored their sense of personal autonomy you need to do more work on the front end that's why people will get defensive on you anger is just a form of defensiveness you haven't given back their sense of safety and validation you have to give them back their autonomy if you want to move forward in this process if they don't feel like you're really in their corner they're going to fight you and they're going to be very sensitive to anything that smacks of being manipulative.

So you've got to come across as very authentic and genuinely want to help that person and support them either way it's not always easy because we think we know what's best for people anna f says one question can i get was that two free tickets hold on can i get two free tickets instead of one as a. Third world no. I'm sorry we can't do that anna i'm sorry um. But if you talk to stephanie she might be able to get you if you buy two two packages she might be able to help you out on the.

Second package um it's an unusual request um. But talk to stephanie she is the final arbiter of all things money monetary uh let's see here andrew duran else wanted to test it on a woman standing. Next to me what should i say to get her number and attract um okay. John masters replacing and future pacing is an added bonus for reinforcing change absolutely if you're coming to australia can i use the ticket that is included in this course to attend without yes.

If i'm coming to australia and you have a vip ticket you can use it to attend that training 100 percent paul may says rapport is essential and your state control is key absolutely jack says thanks for a great webinar margaret walsh says awesome parker ac says forget auto i forget people do you see this this is important let me go back to face to face with this i you know in a public training like this i don't normally lean on the autonomy process as heavily because i usually reserve that level for my private students the most important part of this process is restoring personal autonomy if you can't get them into the state where they feel it's okay. To not want to do something and. Then and they're not going to be judged for it you're dead in the water okay. It has to exactly it has to be all about them you have to give that to them this is why state control and report training is.

So critical to all persuasion and influence whether you're using this conversational framework the three magic questions um criterion values none of it matters if you can't control your state and you can't get report the subject to a deep enough level that they're willing to interact with you. So there's again that seven stage universal persuasion protocol process is the bible the the holy book. It literally is a formula. First you know what you want.

Then you control your state. Then you get rapport. Then you use whatever language skills you have you only have the echo technique and the resistance removal formula that's what you use if you only have the echo technique that's what you use if you only have criterion values that's what you use right. Whatever tools you have at that level that's what you use you use those three tools to manage the state of the subject which is what we're doing with this process we're managing their state we've gotten them to the point where they're feeling okay.

To not want to do something and. Then we asked them if they were to want to do it why right. We've managed we've brought them around to where they're willing to even just entertain the possibility that's state management guys that's that's the whole key state management if you can't get control of your own state if you can't get rapport with the subject if you can't use your language effectively you can't manage the state of the person fastest way to change somebody else's state is to change yours. First and that's why the process is that way know your outcome control your state get rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process link and emotionally bond to their values boom bob's your uncle your aunt they're gonna do what you want right.

If you can get any resistance you know what the resistance removal protocol link it to the criterion values future pace and cleanup boom they're gonna do it they're gonna want to do it okay. This is how it works okay. Lots of interesting things going on in the chat i wish people understood values and echo techniques are almost stealth and completely over it is their process it's true there's. So much power and you don't have to lie or cheaters you don't have to be manipulative you just have to honestly want to connect with someone and show them how to get what they want by doing what you want right.

The fact that all this is is a hypnotic process that is organic to human beings it's irrelevant right. You can call it hypnosis you can call it nlp you can call it human influence technologies you can use you can call it behavioral you know it doesn't matter what you call it this is how people work people can't make decisions without going into an altered state they can't think they can't imagine they can't remember without altering their state hypnosis is anything that takes you from the states you're into something else functionally. So just manage the states manage the states okay. All right.

How do you use these techniques in groups of salespeople who seem to be jaded about the use of any influence techniques start with controlling your state getting rapport using your language to find out what they want manage their state jump into their process bond to their criterion values bond to their emotional checklist that's how you do it okay. I'll tell you i'll give you i'll give you one. Last story before we go about the other how many of you have heard my israel story yes. Okay.

So about 2012 i was invited to israel to do some trainings for security company and i was invited to i was i was there to train the r d people i was invited to train the customer service and marketing departments as well as the the vip uh council you know all the ceos cfos things of that nature and. So i'm sitting in the i'm sitting in the training and i'm talking about the echo technique and how it's the most powerful most ethical and honest way to influence a human being on the planet and there's this one guy sitting like right. There i remember it to this day i'm right. Here he's right.

There right. And you know that's that look. People get when they smell something bad right. I'm talking about the echo technique and i can see this guy he's just like he's smelling it it's like somebody just farted in his nose or something he's just getting and he's getting you know more and more compressed and and at some point he just reaches this this i guess this blowing point he goes you just can't take it anymore he looks at me and he goes i don't believe it and i go you don't believe it no.

I don't believe it no. You don't believe it what specifically don't you believe because i don't believe this will work and for the. Next five minutes all i did was feed his very own words back to him and he went he was going off he was ranting and raving and doing all these things and he had no. Clue what i was doing all his friends did though because i'd just been talking about it for the.

Last 20 minutes and they're all looking at him like he's nuts like right. And i just i just kept echoing him i just kept talking and talking and talking and i knew i had to handle this delicately. So i looked at him and i said after about five or six minutes of letting him hoist himself on his own pitard right. I looked at him and i said sir have you realized yet that all i've been doing for the.

Last five to seven minutes is just giving you back your very own words he's very humble about this you had to be very careful how you did this because it could have been it could have gone either way and he looked at me like i was nuts he looked to his friend to his left and his friend went and he looked at the guy who was right. The guy went and he looked at me now have you guys ever seen the old yosemite sim or bugs bunny cartoons where like yosemite sam drinks too much hot sauce or he gets. So angry that the red rises like a thermometer and. Then all of a sudden steam just starts pouring out of his ears that was this guy he turns beet red and he's struggling and.

Then all of a sudden he gets this defeated look. On his face and he looks at me and he says are we all. So stupid and i looked at it i said sir sir you are not stupid you're selfish every nervous system on the planet is selfish it's moving through the world looking for itself and when it finds itself it grabs a hold and doesn't want to let go anything the human nervous system generates the human nervous system accepts. So when you ask somebody or when somebody says something and you say thing they've generated they grab a hold of it when you ask somebody what's important about having x y and z and they tell you and you feed it back to them and you acknowledge it they take and you link it to what you want to what they want the nervous system grabs a hold of it and doesn't want to give it up doesn't want to let it go when you give somebody back their sense of personal freedom and autonomy their right.

To choose and. Then you ask them if they were going to choose to do the x y z why might they want to do x y z the moment they've generated their own reason they will accept that reason and no. Other if you try to give them a different reason they'll fight you. But once you give them their own reason and you help them to strengthen it they grab on and they won't let go same pattern different level of experience okay.

If you want to take this learning further if you want to unlock the curve and pull back the curtain by how people think and feel and behave and work if you want to move through the world getting everything you want by helping enough other people get what they want before it's too late click the link and reserve your package and come work with us be part of the group learn these things. So that you can help yourself help others and change the world one person at a time starting with you making your world everything you want it to be by controlling your state by learning how to control the report continuum by using the most powerful hypnotic language patterns in the world by linking those things to the people you interact with. So they come away feeling. So good and.

So positive for having met you they can't imagine not wanting to be with you again these are just some powerful. But small pieces of the full court the full the full platter we have for you all you got to do is click that link break it up into payments if you have to and one more thing about um let's say you you've bought one of our packages in the past right. You have some of these courses already we will substitute any course for something of equal equilibrium. So let's say you already have charisma on command or uh renegade reframing find something of a equal or lesser value we'll let you customize the package a little bit.

So that you can have a very unique package that's right. For you okay. That's what we got one final time before i take off is this secrets of human influence home study course 17 videos this is the full seven stage universal persuasion protocol bite at two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars killer influence master text provided four hundred and eighteen dollars weapons of mass construction neuroscientific storytelling secrets one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value renegade reframing in the art of conversational belief change one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value all these are free stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course charisma on command 1950 value 997 value all free fast action bonus nlp power mastermind practice group three-month trial period and the 10-year video archive with unlimited access 594 value absolutely free and. Finally the vip ticket which is the single most important piece i think in this whole package the one that gets you from interesting information to lasting and and unstoppable master of persuasion 1950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total value for the package today only is eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty eight dollars you can get it all for only just one low installment of 9.97 think about that 997 and the world could be at your fingertips and if you need to you can break it up into three easy installments of just 397. all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go stephanie and the team are standing by to answer any other questions that you may have and uh that being said in the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night god bless we'll see you soon.
