Title: m4jbVpn0LBY.txt
Video Id: m4jbVpn0LBY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4jbVpn0LBY

So we start with grey room now grey room. I did not invent grey room. I do not know who did. But whoever did should get a.

Nobel. Prize what is it oh you don't know well okay. Then huh. I have all the time in the world.

I don't need to be anywhere. I need a problem for this one okay. Would you like to go in the. TR sure.

I'm not already there. I think. I'm there you think you're there okay. So close your eyes.

I want you to pretend to go into the deepest trance you've ever gone into that's right. All the way down deeper and deeper. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take into. Every.

Beat of your heart you're just going deeper and deeper down feeling fully supported fully secure fully strengthened now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to set you gently back in the chair and that won't disturb you or distract you in any way in fact you'll just go deeper and deeper into a wonderful. State of.

Trance your body will remain remain somewhat erect. But you'll still go deeper and deeper down now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to open and close your eyes.

Each and every time you close your eyes. I just want you to double triple this level of. RA wonderful relaxation and. Transit you're experiencing want it to happen expect it to happen enjoy the process of allowing it to happen open your eyes.

Deep sleep all the way down that's right. Open your eyes. Deep sleep all the way down you're doing wonderful. I have you you're fully safe safe and secure open your eyes.

And deep sleep all the way down 10 times deeper than ever before noticing how good you feel you'll remain nice and solid in the chair. I want you to begin to use your amazing imagination. I want you to imagine you can begin to float up out of your physical body and you can look. Down and you can see us here in the room you can see us here in the chair as the body continues to go deeper and deeper into a wonderful state of relaxation you can begin to feel interesting feelings moving through your body feelings that you enjoy feelings that begin the process of change inside even as your.

Consciousness your awareness begins to float up out of your physical body and you float. Higher and. Higher and you look. Down and you can see us here playing together having a wonderful time and you float higher and higher you can actually see the roof of the orens and you can see everything and it's cool and you continue to float higher and higher as your body goes deeper and deeper and you find yourself in what looks like a wonderful outer space type place.

But it's not like space as we would imagine it no. It's dark like we would imagine space to be. But it feels warm it feels safe it feels inviting almost like the womb and you feel that sense of certainty of being supported and nurtured in all the right. Ways and as you look.

Around just like as if you are in outer space face you see beautiful lights all around and as you look. Around you notice one particular light shines and twinkles in the distance it begins to call your attention you begin to find your. Consciousness moving towards it and as you begin to move closer and closer towards that light little beams of. Starlight begin to touch you begin to wash over you in various places and as they do every part of you begins to become cleansed healed revitalized and rejuvenated and as you get closer and closer that water that.

Starlight washes over you like a shower washing all the stress all the strain all the less than positive aspects of your life from your mind from your body from your spirit and as you move closer and closer to the light the beam becomes stronger and stronger they pass through you taking with them all the stress all the strength all the crap all the less than positive experiences leaving you feeling wonderful tingly in all the right. Places you move into that. Starlight even though it's very very bright. It doesn't hurt your eyes.

At all in fact it just makes you feel more safe more empowered more nurtured in all the right. Ways and as you pass to the other side of that light you find yourself in the most interesting room you've ever seen it's. Dome shaped and the walls are a pearly gray color and in the center of the room is a glowing orange fire pit and it and the fire pit is a beautiful flame that cracks tles and radiates and washes heat and warmth over you and you can feel every place that warmth touches becomes energized becomes revitalized strengthened empowered in all the right. Ways you can feel your chakras beginning to vibrate in harmony with these things as that energy seeks out all the areas in your energy field in your chakras and your awareness where you're harboring any stress any strain anything less than positive it begins to dissolve it to break it up and move it out of your body and while that process is happening you your eyes.

Begin to gaze around the room as they gaze around the room you notice on the walls are what look. Like. Bits of. Paper now the interesting thing about this particular aspect is sometimes when we look.

At those things on the wall we see. Bits of. Paper sometimes we see tiles sometimes we see something else something that we can physically manipulate now. I'm going to take my hand away you're just going to stand up straighter and stronger and go deeper into this feeling and you instinctively know see that one color on the wall represent all of the positive aspects of your life all the things that make you feel strong confident powerful all the positive aspects of yourself that make you love who you are and feel good about yourself are represented by one particular color on this wall while the other color represents the less than positive aspects of your life things that make you feel feel less worthy less weak less strong less confident things you consciously know about.

But more importantly the things you unconsciously know about the things that lur below the surface below the threshold of conscious awareness that have been stored in the body and mind that have been running your life without you knowing it changing your perceptions in ways that you weren't aware of their represented there too now. I'm going to take my right. Hand away that won't disturb you or distract you what what's going to happen is in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I want you to reach out with your dominant hand and. I want you to walk over to one of those pieces of paper that represents one of those less than positive experiences. I want you to reach out with your physical hand rip one of them things off the wall that's crle it up in your hand feel that feeling in your body notice where it is notice how that feeling begins to shift and change the more you crumble it up the more it begins to loosen and when you're ready when you know it's time to go byebye walk over to that fire pit throw it in fire notice the feeling notice the feeling in your body beginning to change to burn up to leave your body as that energy is released as that a open and you feel your body become lighter more cleansed more healthy more empowered in all the right. Ways.

I may no. Feelings come up as you go through this process. But do that just mean you've revealed it and you've healed it solve dissolved and resolved from the body solve dissolved and resolved from the mind that's right. Just like that and when you're ready reach over and grab another one of those pieces of paper rip it off the wall.

Crump it up feel it changing inside of you you. Crump it up and when you're ready throw it in the fire. Feel the. Rush of energy feel the release from your body feel your body changing from the inside out as you take charge of your life inside and outside notice how good that feels to.

Finally be free of it one more time. Reach. Out want grab one of those papers. Crum it up that's right.

Throw it in the fire there you go now. I it's pretty self-explained to what to do. Next you. I want you to take all the time you need go through every part of this room even look.

Under those positive papers find every one of those less than positive papers rip it off the wall crumple it up throw it in the fire feel the release that's it. Crump it up in the fire take your time go for it feel your body change feel your spirit become lighter feel the joy and pleasure you're capable of experiencing in your body only magnifies stronger and stronger as every aspect burns up releases that energy is taken into your body and recycled for something better think all the time when you know you're done and only when you know you're done look. Under the positive ones too cuz sometimes that hides let that finger float up only when you're done and we'll continue with our process solve dissolved and resolved from the body solve dissolved and resolved from the mind there you go see some of that tried to get away no. One escapes take a tour of your mind take a tour of your body notice how different you feel that's right.

And is you see anymore when you know it's when you know it's done just raise that finger up to let me know there you go see that was a hiding one notice how the fire just gets bigger and brighter and stronger washing over you and you just feel energized in all the right. Ways that's right. Whatti is how good that feels excellent now as soon as that. Last bit of paper goes into the fire some amazing things begin to happen when that.

Last paper goes into the fire the fire begins to double triple to quadruple in size until it's 10 times bigger 10 times more powerful 10 times more empowering than every any other and anything else and the other thing that begins to happen is all of those papers left on the walls all of the things that make you feel amazing about yourself that validate who you are that make you feel right. Powerful and strong everything you want and need in an endless supply those papers begin to. Glow with an inner fire they begin to take on an inner. Radiance and they begin to grow and expand and they begin to cover the entire rest of the room merging into one another like a continuous sheet of empowerment wallpaper and that energy begins to grow brighter and stronger till it's brighter than the very.

Starlight you followed into this room and it begins to saturate you and. Surround you and it blends with the fire from the pit and it goes deep inside deep inside every part of you and it takes home it takes root inside and becomes an endless. Source an endless supply of all these things and an endless never ending. Supply you can feel your body you can feel every level of body and mind drinking in this energy drinking in this knowledge and information to stain nourished and nurtured in a way that that's right.

Only makes you feel better stronger more powerful for more of everything you could ever want in an endless. Unlimited. Supply changed permanently from the inside and the very best part is anytime you want if you want to do more work like this all you have to do is pretend to go deeply into trans go into your little gray room find the papers and you know what to do that's my gift to you you have the power you have the control now let it just double and triple notice in your body where the energy lives notice it's spinning in a certain direction double the spin double the speed double the amplitude double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own. Until.

It. Breaks out of that spot and saturates every level of your body and mind in an endless ever increasing ing. Supply overriding anything that might stand in its way until all you can do is feel this way or even better and when you know you got it just enjoy that process just let it happen in a moment. I'm going to count from one to five this process will continue and it'll continue to improve for as long as your heart continues to beat for as long as your lungs continue to move air into your body and out of your body you'll only get better and better and better tonight while you sleep and while you dream just like the suggestions.

I gave to stepy your brain will start to create new cortical connections new ways of perceiving and experiencing the world that only make your life better for all the right. Reasons and in all the right. Ways number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where you're the one who knows how to do this you're the one that has the power and it only grows stronger each and every day we're getting better and better and better number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your unconscious mind are now 10 times more powerful than any other part 10 times stronger than any other less than positive voice only speaking to you in ways that only make you feel good about yourself that tell you the very best parts of you and a voice you can always believe in a place that's 10 times louder than any other otherwise number three all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your unconscious mind are now 10 times more powerful there's always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly automatically generate those. Solutions in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself don't concerned number four because it's all for you you've done the work you've made the investment you've followed the instructions you've had the experience you deserve the rewards and it's true for you now your mind and body just do it and keep doing it for as long as your heart continues to be for as long as your lungs continue to move air into your body and out of your body you'll only get better on the.

Next count you can emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed that you know it's true the deepest level of your body and mind and your un other than conscious mind your unconscious is already doing it making it happen and will continue to improve for as long as the sun continues to rise in the east number five take your time come on back time it's all right. How you feeling get hering round of appla take a [Music] minute this is. General negativity clearing notice. I never asked what any of that was they don't even have to know that's the beauty of this.
