Title: Hypnosis Training: Learn Hypnosis Online Lesson 4 - The Procrastination Blaster
File Name: mJMARv7BvRA.txt
Video Id: mJMARv7BvRA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJMARv7BvRA

So the. Next technique oh there's more you guys need a minute let's talk about taking action now the whole process if. I were to actually map out the whole silo we'll start with the universal solvent which is another general negativity clearing. Then we would go to gray room and we would go to magic frame.

Then we would go to two pillars of power voice of authority. James can always get the orders oh the pillars of power and it would be voice of authority will move eternity and this we call the identity by design process. So we've shown you the gray row we've shown you the building block of pillars of power which is the neuro somatic energetic repenting or you can just say energy spinning 101 ok. Motional release technique what everyone talk magic frame is a specific negativity clearing exercise it's also a blind technique it's used for the stuff that didn't come out during the general negativity clearing if there is anything sometimes gentle negativity clear clear takes care of all of it it has more of a neuro-linguistic of.

NLP style approach to it's still done within the company parameters of a trance state or a hypnotic induction. But doesn't have to be as long as you've gotten engagement of the body and the mind you can create powerful changes with that we won't go into it too deeply here simply just to give you an idea that there's a whole string of processes that are going here. I'm giving you some choice cuts that you can go out and play with the start getting some big leverage with right. Away with what doing with clients.

So what are you doing it for yourself. Next drill is not even on this timeline or is not even in this silo. But it's one that everybody seemed to really when. I about it they really seem to groove on it's about destroying procrastination and hesitation we've actually got two that fall into this line one is called the autonomous or the other is called the procrastination blaster we're going to start with both of these do something very very specific they reverse your motivation now what.

I mean by that we have two kinds of things that we have to do that we deal with things we have to do or must do and things we want to do as a rule the human nervous system use anything that must be done as painful it's important anything that must be done is painful even if it's a pleasurable thing if we have to do it we view it as pain okay. It becomes important it use anything we want to do as pleasurable okay. The reptile runs away from pain and towards pleasure. So the trick becomes was on a trick it's a process how do we turn our must dues into want twos pretty cool now.

I need somebody's really emotionally expressive that. I can play with you notice how much. I ask for volunteers come on up here okay. You've got a choice a or b pick one.

B okay. Here's what. I want you to do. I want you to pick something on a scale of 0 to 10 and being the most the thing you're avoiding the most zero being something you're not avoiding at all.

I want you to pick something that's around a1 or a2 that's funny use my fingers all the things that are more like 7 to 10 because. I'm kind of how about that yeah. I got a really big hairy one okay. Got it okay.

Here's what. I want you to do this technique is called the procrastination blaster in your mind close your eyes. And what. I want you to do is.

I want you to begin to tell yourself over and over again. I must do. X. I must do.

X. I must do. X and as you repeat it over and over and over again. I want you to increase the emotional intensity an emotional amplitude.

I must do this. I must do this and maybe you don't want to do it. But you just keep amplifying whatever feelings you're having. I don't care if you don't want that.

I must do this. I must have any feeling rebellious that's fine just when it reaches its climax when it reaches its emotional crescendo you just do not want to do it take a deep breath blow it out drop everything become as impassive and indifferent as you can go completely and. I want you to say to yourself over and over again in a different kind of way. I don't want to.

I don't want to. I don't want to we need to increase the emotional intensity over and over and over again and when it absolutely reaches its peak. I don't want to. I don't want to take a deep breath let it go just sit still quietly for a while and begin to notice a voice begins to well up in your mind it might even start to say something like.

I want to notice it getting louder and louder and louder and when it reaches its peak when it reaches its climax get up open your eyes. Open your eyes. And get up and go do it pretty cool huh did you see your shift here big round of applause original the basis of that technique was called the echo magnet comes from the original autogenic training used by. Soviet athletes when they swept the.

Olympics back in. I think it was the 70s or 80s took. Like 30 gold medals or something like that it was from a very highly classified top secret mental training program that was. Later released by a defector it's found in a book.

Called red gold if you want to actually read the the original process what did you experience when you did that. I shall go up here to explain that. But. I'll let you sit back did a big drag.

I don't want to get a little. I don't want to you shop at a toy wagon and fathers a little girl mm-hmm yeah happening and. Then and. Then with that was blown up and cleared out and.

I noticed that. I said. I want to and he said. Anyway notice you have to yes.

I was. I knew that would happen. But. I had to make it explicit.

So that. But you were actually having it before. I said pretty cool and the whole idea is you just let that voice play and you'll notice as the inner dialogue for that particular part it gets louder not you'll get more motivated to go do it and. Then just just go do it okay.

And like. I said. I taught that too now anything. I teach you that doesn't involve a formal hypnotic process doesn't mean you aren't in trance it just means that there's more conscious mind interaction going on there if you do this process in a deep state of.

Sedan ambulation ten times more powerful because the filters that are modulating your internal experience are gone okay. But you can do this is just simple self programming yes. No. Unless you're getting motivated to fall asleep can you actually can you just go through that correctly just worth the price of admission okay.

Procrastination blaster. I don't want it or. I must do. X.

X being whatever it is that you've been putting off hesitating to do and by the way it doesn't matter if it's something you're putting off or something or you just in a moment you're having momentary hesitation like maybe you see an attractive person and you want to go talk to them. I don't want. I must do this. I'm let's do this.

I must do this. I must do this okay. Next thing you do is you you completely drop this once you reach the. First you you you build to a climax and.

Then you release it go completely indifferent and. Then you just begin repeating. I don't want to. X from that indifferent state and again you allow this to build to a crescendo or climax depending on if you're musical or not and.

Then you let it go and. Then you wait for that still small voice that's it and you let that build on its own and you'll notice as that continues to build and build and build. So will your desire to do that thing when it reaches its crescendo get up and do it okay. That's simple that's the procrastination laughter all right.

So. I'm gonna give you one. Last technique okay. Yes.

For the nurses. I want to you there's like a smaller we boys it tends to be a softer quieter voice at. First you talking about station step 1 or step 2 step 2 is going to be again you're gonna start low level. But you can let the intensity build.

But you're going to start it you're going to create a state of complete indifference to the task at hand like you don't give a okay. And you just say. I don't want to. I don't want to.

I don't want you. I don't want you. I don't want to when it reaches its emotional climax let it go deflate and just wait and the voice will happen on its own don't look. For it okay.

Then the now we start suck the blood a lot of times when. I'm doing certain things. I will have you have the experience before. I explain the mechanics of it because as a rule when the conscious mind hears the mechanics of the process it tries to take over the process instead of have the experience and you need to have the everything.

I do is based on gnosis there's there's techniques and and systems that are based on faith and their systems that are based on direct experience you know it because you believe experienced it that's that's the world according to. David yeah that's why. I say don't believe anything. I say go do it that's why all my with very few exceptions.

Oh lately have been a lot more didactic classes most of my stuff is based on getting up rolling up your sleeves doing the drills and getting the skills. I am a skill building kind of guy.
