Title: MLW3j0XhUJI.txt
Video Id: MLW3j0XhUJI
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLW3j0XhUJI

The trances they're in are largely not useful for the outcomes they want that is very true. So i'm just looking for express anger i'll wait here you're not one i'm not one you are what you drink if you're if you're looking for a boring nlp lecture you should leave now because the. First thing i have you do is stand up look. At each other and go boom because the power is in the playfulness if you're going to do hypnosis you're going to do nlp anything to deal with that deals with the human mind you gotta play that's why i tell people you need to learn hypnosis.

First before you become good at nlp because the bias of most nlp training is they take this very large hypnotic yardstick or neuro-linguistic yardstick and stick it straight up your butt because because it's. So formulaic it's. So do this. Then do this.

Then do this and you have to keep track of. So much minutia you become terrified to make a mistake and you become a slave to the script and the pattern whereas hypnosis is the sloppiest easiest most powerful forgiving form of change work on the planet you can mess up ten times fix it up fix it on the 11th time and nobody will ever know once you understand the principles that govern the mind and how they all work it becomes very very easy to induce trends anytime you want because they're already there most rich most hypnotic inductions are rituals for the hypnotist not the client like now come back to the room oh he did it to me i remember when dorian. First started showing up at our sleepwalker how we doing on time big john i'll just let it run just if this light starts flashing red or something let me know. So all right.

Well since we're getting started i'll just i just i like to find out i guess telling malcolm and igor and galena is i advertise a topic. But ultimately what i do for everybody is i try to find out what it is that you want to learn what is it you want to take home what's the application that that made you want to drive all the way out here from wherever it is you came from that if you left here tonight with that it was it was time well worth it does that make sense. So sometimes i i give uh you know full freedom for us to deviate from the topic if enough people want to go that direction. So that being said let's start with malcolm malcolm what do you want to take home this week today oh i want to take home i want to go back practicing the things that i've already done.

But have name three three things you've learned. But haven't used. But you want to practice okay. Well you mentioned on the on the side to use the techniques more for influencing people okay.

To do what specifically i tend to start just building in the facts instead of ah very good okay. Getting better with the emotions excellent all right. Anything else because i'm going to hit doreen. Next that's funny okay.

Doreen what do you want to take home today we don't get out today marketing there's a deviation actually not you want to re you want to read some really good hypnotic language classic nlp style language read your shampoo bottle what about marketing specifically i would like to know how to use the right. Wording to attract people to attract people that's probably an important distinction to keep them interested right. Because how many of us go to places and there's lots of words. But after about the.

Second or. Third sentence we're like right. Darren right. Derek what do you want to take home all right.

So i like him already he's got energy dropping pulling out those mechanics okay. So dr you like instant induction kind of stuff street hypnosis all in three hours paying with paper what was your name again laura laurel okay. Tell me what you want sweetie uh you know i know you did oh okay. So redefine my expectations or just restate them i want to know what's important about what you're taking home tonight okay.

Well um to you know find i would say i can pretty reliably get in rapport with people almost all the time. But i would like to have a more assured way of doing that to feel that it's possible under all circumstances not just selective circumstances where i'm already comfortable and. So what give me an example of a situation where you're not necessarily comfortable um like when some guy at the front of the room is calling on you and telling you to no. No.

So maybe in some sort of situation where it's a little more corporate that i'm than i'm used to okay. Where people are more formal than i'm used to. So in other words in any situation where it's more casual even if it's business related you know it's easy for me to you know hang with that okay. It's a little more formal and stiffer and you know you haven't really felt that people's humor and you can't necessarily um uh assume anything.

So ordinarily the way i established before is do something funny or something funny okay. You know kind of familiar maybe okay. Or something in a more casual sense. So i'm good in those environments okay.

When you're stiffer it's harder okay. Poor skills actually what you're talking about goes more to what we call in my system state control i'm sorry yeah i'm going to teach you guys what i call the critical path of influence it's a six stage formula that you can shorten down to basically two. But if you ever have you're in any situation and you really don't know what to do you just implement these six steps in the order and sequence that i give them to you and you'll pretty much have as much influence as you want or need okay. It's the one thing missing from nlp and most ericksonian forms of hypnosis because basically all they do is tell you to get rapport and be confusing it's pretty much what they do and people wonder why they get thrown out of board rooms or or whatever most of what i do has been honed in the real world under very hostile situations um and.

Then i take that stuff back into the treatment room and. Then i use it on my patients my my specialty clinically by the way for those who don't know much about me and i'll give you my whole laundry list in a minute my specialty is physiological illness that has as its cause repressed emotion okay. I don't get smoke cessation or weight loss that that's other people get that okay. So would you call that psychosomatic i would.

But psychosomatic has certain attachments to it that aren't necessarily true it's like when you say placebo you say placebo people automatically think it's an illusion it's fake it's not real when in fact all it really means is the mind is doing something we don't understand it's like when you say hallucination you say hallucination it's just a hallucination just means how is the experience being generated is it being generated from outside of us or inside of us. But we don't see it that way we see it as fake or illusory. But that's not what's going on when you see some of the how many of you how many of you people here have seen some of my stuff on youtube have you guys watched anything have you seen any stuff where i do the spinning no. You haven't seen the spinning if we have time we want to play with it i'll let you guys play with that tonight that's instant some nambulism and i use it to take away herpes outbreaks multiple sclerosis 25 year long cases of chronic constipation toothaches migraines back aches knee pain high blood pressure um in minutes i've two two what's the word they use catalog cases of tumor shrinkage by as much as fifty percent in a from a two-minute intervention okay.

There's a lot of things that were taught in a certain way and it's okay. But we're still doing a lot of things hypnotically speaking that were only that were discovered hundreds of years ago we haven't really advanced beyond it there's a lot of neuroscience that cuts through a lot of being a technical term which i haven't come up with a cool acronym for yet. But i will yeah okay. So i'm all about the results in the real world right.

Away okay. A lot of the stuff i'll be talking about you may have heard from other trainers that's okay. Okay. But roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills is what we're about okay.

Sir what's your name again larry larry what do you want to take home today well um i have a certification in hypnotherapy did that a few years ago i plan to retire from software engineering in a couple of years and. So i'm right. Now putting together goodness and start going to the men's room for a minute you know with those instructions i'm putting together a plan as to what i want to do. Then.

So tonight i'm really kind of here to see how somebody else does it other than the way my other teacher did it okay. Did you train at hmi by any chance no. No. Where'd you train okay.

Bennett seller bennett stellar is that okay. Because when you say bennett i thought of bene stella which is a very well known and respected hypnosis training okay. Okay. Right.

On okay. You sir who came in yes. I did i noticed you were trying to be quiet about it it's all right. I didn't realize that i'm sorry sorry i'm just getting kind of a groundwork to trying to figure out because what i'd like to do is is uh i create the lesson plan on the spot for the people once i know who's here.

So i want to know what do you want to take home today what do you want to get out of this class i really came here you seem to not heard. But whatsoever you want. But uh just just to see what you in general you think eric's so-called ericksonian uh communication is like what i think it's like well no. You think well yeah what's wrong with the word nothing okay.

But. So you just want to hang out and kind of be the fly on the wall all right. John what do you want to take home today i was actually really interested state control is where it's at it's not the language i know that sounds weird coming from a guy who's going to teach you about conversational hypnosis wouldn't anybody ever try to ever ever work with somebody trying to use a language pattern and you just know they're trying to pull something on you you ever wonder why it's because their state isn't right. You ever try to set an anchor on somebody.

Then go back and try and re-fire the anchor and it doesn't work you know why because your state isn't right. Anchors the human human nervous system is a holographic information processing network it's the most sophisticated one we have short of the universe itself. However when you go to set an anchor there's a state you're in there's a state that your subject is in your proprioceptive nervous system locks into that state and it becomes part of the key that retriggers the state. So that's why many times when you when you try to send right.

Here does anybody here not know what i mean when i say set an anchor okay. Do you have a favorite song yes. Okay. Everybody watch this come on get happy okay.

Notice how everybody just got a big old smile on their face right. That's an anchor it's pavlov's stimulus response mechanism human beings are natural anchoring machines that's how the. First way that we learn. But it's not our.

First language our. First language is actually kinesthetic deep kinesthetic and proprioception and when we talk about state control what we're really talking about in the world according to david is the is the ability to tap into a level of synchronicity and vibrational the word is coherence actually that we actually developed in the womb with our mothers it's a level of nonverbal pre-conscious processing that causes people's emotional states to shift and their perceptual filters to change in such a way that they become predisposed to only focusing on the aspects of our communication that reinforce the message we're trying to send that's not something you'll necessarily hear in an nlp class because it doesn't come from nlp it comes from advanced neuroscience okay. Anybody here know paul ekman is yeah okay. If you don't he is well worth studying paul ekman is the world's leading authority on emotions and facial expression he wrote a book.

Called emotions unv unveiled i think it is emotions revealed which he talks about a concept called the emotional refractory period and we'll get to igor galena in just a. Second. But this is why we keep coming back to the state control thing what he discovered in his studies on emotion and how it relates specifically to conversational hypnosis anchors and everything else is that. First of all you do not realize you've had an emotional shift until you're in it you don't get a 10.

Second warning that says warning warning igor you're about to get pissed off danger danger okay. He's five or ten seconds into the emotional state and suddenly realize it's happened what nobody realized up until very recently was that these emotional states whatever state your body is in it wants to maintain if you're internet are you if your toastmasters or nlp nlp is here toastmasters is there it's okay. Come on that's all right. That's my job by the way if you guys feel a little compressed feel free to spread out i'm very casual with the way i do things people who sit closest get the best stuff getting back to the emotional refractory period and why this is important.

First of all understand this all emotions are trans states period the higher the level of neurological arousal the faster the critical factor the conscious mind checks out okay. In the world according to david all hypnosis is is any process that has two factors in it that leads to these absorption in the experience and a continually narrowing focus of attention if you have these two elements you have what is classically defined by most conventionally trained hypnosis by the way i don't write this stuff on the board for you i write it for me because this is how i process. But if you can't see something you want me to repeat something just let me know absorption anybody here ever a little child absorption oh anybody here question has anybody here ever been a little kid i always get that laugh for some reason now how many people when you were a little kid played pretend i know you did i can tell she's got that naughty look. What did you play pretend at laurel well um i used to pretend that i either lived in the ocean or inside a tree inside a tree cool.

So like a dryad or something exactly right. I believe that the hollows and the trees were entryways to a whole other world full of dry hair and did the trees talk to you and did the trees talk to you well they communicated. But you could hear them right. Right.

And you talk back right. Yes. I did were you asleep no. Were you focused were you completely absorbed in the experience welcome to trance did you play pretend when you were a kid igor yeah what did you play at well different things how many people played soldier when they were little kids right.

Cops and robbers cowboys and indians teacups cowboys right. And we all know we all know that when we're out in the backyard and we're five years old we pick up that stick lying on the ground we know in the. First five minutes that we pick it up they're coming that's an anchor especially in la right. We know in the.

First five minutes we pick up that stick that it's just a stick for the. First five minutes. But the more we play with the stick pretty soon it's a real mk or an ak-47 there's real bad guys hiding behind the trees and we're shooting and ducking and jiving were you asleep no. Were you focused were you absorbed in the experience ladies and gentlemen if you can engender that you can have anything you want because that's all we're doing any process that gets you there you can make or create any effect you want.

So in the world according to david hypnosis is the technical the technical term is the bypass of the critical factor and the establishment of acceptable selective thinking we've been throwing that definition around for a long time and a lot of people know it. But really what we're talking about is any process that leads us to a state of absorption and focus that is different from the one we're currently in okay. And all i have to do to make that happen is pause and your focus changes. So it's not the language that i use necessarily by like can everybody hear me okay.

Because that's kind of noisy i don't know if everybody can hear me if we can get the music turned off that would be good that's why i kind of asked if they had a sound system because sometimes i get a little quiet. So going back to the emotional refractory period when you experience a shift in your emotions you have a change in the level of neurological arousal in your body whatever state you're in your body tries to maintain it. So what happens is your unconscious mind begins to shift its perceptual filters it begins to parse the information in your environment in such a way that it re-triggers or reactivates the emotional state that you're in anybody here ever buy a new car anybody here ever spent a lot of time researching that new car before they bought it. Then they went out and they you just went out and did it right.

I just fly by the seat of my pants and you're driving your car home happy as a clam and every in the same about the same car on the same day is driving it around right. Being a technical term by the way right. I think i said politically incorrect language and stuff like that offends you you shouldn't be here um what happened is your unconscious mind became very very sensitized to certain types of information and that is the information that it called your conscious attention to it didn't the other information was always is still there. But you're not consciously being drawn to it that is the emotional refractory period in action anybody here ever been in an argument with somebody not me nah i'm peaceful right.

Now maybe you went through that argument process you resolved the argument or. So you thought and. Then for the. Next 10 15 20 minutes everything you said pissed them off again what's that about welcome to the world of the emotional refractory period anytime you experience an emotional state your unconscious mind does not ask your permission it does not give you a warning it will simply shift what you consciously pay attention to and you will focus on target on the elements in any communication context or environment that re-trigger or reinforce the emotional state that you're in now how do we use that on a practical level well it's very simple once we understand basic nlp report.

Then we start building on that you see if i understand how to entrain your nervous system which is basically all rapport is it's the physics principle of entrainment it has nothing to do with whether you believe it can happen or not i can pull up youtube video after youtube video after youtube video of metronome side by side and in four minutes 41 metronomes synchronize anything made of molecules anything that's in motion seeks synchronicity it can't not happen okay. So when i start talking to you about state control and i start talking to you about entrainment and rapport and all these other weird words i'm going to throw at you it's based on physics not belief. So the things i'm going to teach you are as reliable as the laws of physics if you can get out of your own way you want to be super powerful at hypnosis learn the state control stuff i'm going to talk to you about tonight if you want to find the science behind what i'm talking about you can go to heartmath.org yeah okay. Your heart is the biggest most powerful rhythmic source in your body it radiates an energy field eight feet in diameter that can be measured with instruments it interacts with the proprioceptive nervous system of a human being and they seek synchronicity when that happens whatever you feel the other person starts to feel pre-consciously it doesn't matter if you're consciously intending it or not okay.

It has to happen for most of us though that process is happening at random and by default we're not conscious of it we don't know it's there. Therefore it's random most of us are in this room because we want to take the randomness out of our lives we want to take the randomness out of our communication we want to get things we want in the quickest easiest most satisfying way possible would that would that be true least control sure okay. So we talk about state control it's not just about pretending because i don't i don't believe in pretending works. But there's more powerful stuff okay.

And we'll since that seems to be where a lot of this is going from if you want to be really good at hypnosis all you have to do is be really good at state control in my system even though i'm known as i'm a leading expert in in uh conversational hypnosis if you come to my training the. First day will not you won't learn a single language pattern what you will learn are very very intense emotional state control drills that send you in and out of certain emotional states physiologically and as an act of will and. Then you learn to transmit them back and forth because if your state is right. See most of us worry about having the right.

Words we're worried about the right. Thing to say you don't need it if your state is right. Everything from the reptilian brain up changes your perception of reality to the point where you could recite the alphabet and have a high probability of getting your outcome if the state control part is right. Does that make sense what do you mean the psycho-emotional state you're in the state of physiology the state of emotion that you're in the amount of amplitude or energy that you're putting out and you'll talk today about how to create you're going to do it right.

Now everybody stand up anybody stand up nobody's going to be on camera laurel it's all right. All right. This is now if you guys want to go and do the research i'm going to give you lots of research material you don't have to believe anything i say all you got to do is do what i say do the drill get the experience and if you want to go check the science i'll give you all the all the research okay. First thing i want you to do is i want you to close your eyes.

And i want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you wanted you decided you wanted it you knew you wanted it you made a plan to get it you put that plan into operation and you went for it and you got it big time and i want you to stand the way you were standing at the moment you realized you got everything you wanted i want you to breathe the way you were breathing i want you to assume that posture assume that physiology let that energy come back that's right. Get into it now double it notice there's a certain place in your body where that energy starts notice that there's a color associated with that feeling point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel it double the spin of it okay. So much for the sound it's all right. All right.

Go back to the feeling go back to the physiology now while holding that physiology of absolute triumph of absolute victory of being a winner without changing anything without changing a single thing try to feel bad notice you can't do it now here's what i want you to do while holding on to that feeling of victory i want you to shift your posture and just lower your head and roll your shoulders forward almost like a depressed posture and try to feel good now while holding on to that now let yourself become a little bit more down now while holding on to that depressed feeling or that down feeling shift your body back to the victorious posture and try to feel bad notice you can't do it all right. But have a seat derek what'd you learn uh two things i'm really bad at visualizing. But body language when we try to control our state what most of us try to do is we try to control our emotional state as an act of will we try to create a visualization come on in we try to create a visualization or bring back a memory that causes us to feel a certain way in most cases that's a very weak way to do it there's a much stronger way a much more reliable way and that's through using your body you see context and environment context emotional arousal they can all override your willpower your willpower is the weakest part of you it's based on two elements it's based on the amount of glucose in your system and the amount of sleep that you've had okay. If you want to do the research on that there's a book.

Called willpower by a guy named roy baumeister he's done intense research on willpower okay. Huh willpower by roy baumeister b-a-u-m-e-i-s-t-e-r i believe okay. So willpower it's the junk food of the mind okay. So there's this constant worry about people in the hypnosis world about being making people do things against their will most people have no.

Willpower to speak of okay. They don't exercise it enough to have any okay. And the minute their nervous system gets too aroused whatever critical factor they have checks out okay. That is a trance by the way you don't have to be somnolent to be in a deep state of trance okay.

What we want to do especially those of you who want to be very very powerful in your ability to use conversational hypnosis the. Last thing you want to induce in people most of the time is this drowsy feeling of or this confused feeling it's not you want to be engaged you want to have them absorbed you want to have them focused kind of like you guys are now right. It's the meta elements of your communication that will actually drive your hypnotic abilities it's not the language patterns the language patterns of the icing on the cake it's your ability to deliver in a way that arouses and excites the nervous system that creates focus and absorption that causes people to go deeply into trans. But the transits have different dynamics to them based on the states.

So you're as a hypnotist your job again isn't putting people into trance it's getting them from the trance they're in to the trance that's most useful for them getting their outcome hopefully if you're ethical come on in sorry yes. It is come on in it's all right. I won't tell nobody look. At him all right.

The secret is dovetailing what you want with what they want which goes back to marketing it goes back to emotional arousal it goes back to all of these things. So the. First thing that we have to talk about yes. The exercise we did i i could not connect because i am a kinesthetic and i was focused on other people talking okay.

So when you get a chance kind of suggestion would you give me. So i can get in touch with that those feelings okay. So. First of all when we're talking about state control and controlling our emotional state the.

First thing we need to understand is there's two ways most people go about it okay. First one is we try to do it through an act of will we try to will ourselves into a certain state most of the time that will. Last as long as you can until the. Next squirrel runs past you okay.

But if you practice what i'm about to show you we've just done the. First version of it if you practice what i'm showing you and you understand the principle behind it you can be dead calm in the middle of a war zone because it's based on physiology that's what i mean okay. So do you remember a time when you when you were relaxed when you felt really confident okay. I want you all i want you to do is i want you to stand that way yeah and for two minutes i just want you to hold it don't worry about anything else just hold just hold the physiology okay.

Now what happens is for those of you who want to do the research on this there's a woman by the name of amanda cuddy it was a ted talk it's called postures of power i think and basically shoulders back relaxed okay. What she discovered was that if you held any physiology for as little as two minutes your emotional state would change she went. So far as to have people hold these these natural victory postures and within two minutes their natural testosterone output went up 25 okay. I've been teaching this since the early 2000s.

But she. Finally got science. Finally got around to teaching it the physiology that you hold is more powerful than the mindset you try to keep your body will always override your psychology unless you are spetsnaz or you know special forces where you're specifically trained to work and operate in those kinds of environments your physiology will reliably override your psychology ten times out of ten if the stress level rises enough. But if we understand that principle how you feeling great actually i feel like rolling my shoulder back lifting my chin up and i i connect with it much better than yes.

Like we did before exactly okay. Give her a big round of applause okay. Once you understand that one principle and again there's other principles that stack on to it. But you can be in the middle of a gun battle and if you have enough presence of mind this is again this is where we still have to have the conscious mind kind of in there i'm not i'm not vilifying the conscious mind at all.

But each part of us has to do their job right. If you're going to go present to a group or a ceo of a company and your states in your shoes you're going to lose before you walk in. So the. First the.

First step in the critical path of influence is state control you've got to control your state that's level one level two is rapport can anybody venture does anybody here not know what i mean when i say report okay. You don't know what i mean okay. Okay. Rapport is one of those words that if you ask 10 different people what rapport means you'll get 10 different responses in the world according to david report has three categories rapport is a state of being in sync with somebody okay.

It's not necessarily a feeling of liking though let's understand that be like them to be like them yeah in a manner of speaking to be like them um. But i want you to think more in terms of resonating at the same frequency kind of moving in synchronicity there's a two-way communication going on and that's the important thing to remember when we're talking about rapport skills is there's a two-way communication going on there's information being sent and information being received most of it pre-consciously okay. In the world of query pre-consciously yeah the most remember write this down and tattoo it to your forehead the conscious mind is the least informed and the. Last to know period by the time information reaches your conscious awareness it's already gone through two other levels of your brain and an uncountable number of filters in nlp we talk about how all information we get is deleted distorted and generalized well that's a very very gross generalization of all the subtle filtering mechanisms that go on to to create our our subjective reality yes.

Conscious mind the conscious mind is the least informed and the. Last to know okay. Most of us like to believe that we think in facts and data figures blah blah blah that's not true okay. You guys know that you have three brains right.

This means yes. This means no. There will be a test okay. Let me talk about the three brains real quick because if you're gonna do marketing if you're gonna do things that really wanna inspire people to take action you've got to know what brain you're talking to okay.

Okay. The very center of your brain roughly this is your brain on david by the way you have what the the soviets like to call the paleocortex it's your reptile brain it's the part of you that thinks and acts in primal drives it is the oldest most powerful part of you okay. I consult with about 30 different lawyers personal injury attorneys on how to influence everyone from expert witnesses to judges and juries for deer closing statements things like that. But before even before i came along there was a book.

Called reptile which if you aren't familiar with it get it it's about two or three hundred bucks. But worth every penny and it talks about how to present things to the reptilian brain if your budget won't won't cut the you know you know reptile reptiles by don kanan and david ball okay. Reptile okay. It's a very expensive book.

But if you really want to be powerful i mean powerful understand the principles in that book. If you can't afford that book. There's another book. That's not quite as good.

But very useful it's called pitch anything by oren klaff pitch anything p-i-t-c-h anything k-l-a-f-f or in class now class book. Is almost a direct steal from the los angeles seduction community except that he's using it to pitch multi-million dollar deals to venture capitalists and it's all about frame control and talking to the reptile brain there's a saying in the book. Reptile goes something like this and this is something that's worth remembering i am the reptile i do not get angry i make you angry. So you'll do what i want i am the reptile i do not get afraid i make you afraid.

So you'll do what i want which is what i tweak your limbic system i tweak your perceptual filters and your emotions. So that the things you consciously and unconsciously pay attention to reinforce the actions i want you to take and. Then once you begin doing that i activate your neocortex which is the. So you have the paleocortex you have the limbic system which is your reptilian or emotional brain.

Then you have your neocortex which i like to call your rational lying brain your neocortex is the part of you that thinks in facts and figures it's the part of you that generates reasons for justifying why you do the things you do that have may not have anything to do with the real reason you're doing them okay. How many people here are hypnotists raise your hands okay. How many people didn't realize they were hypnotists until asked we talk about resistance in hypnosis we talk about resistance in any kind of interaction well resistance only has three three major sources okay. Resistance comes from any threat that we perceive to the self or specifically our self-image if it threatens how we see ourself we inherently begin to resist it if it threatens how we think other people will see us we resist it if it threatens what we know to be true we resist it okay.

Pretty much any form of resistance or sort of another one i'm going to talk about very shortly called reactants is what is going to be the seat of most of the resistance you will run into when trying to use these skills now if we know this thing strategically now we're not yes. Sir oh no. Oh okay. I thought you're raising your hand.

So let's think strategically now before we get into language patterns or anything else if we know that most resistance arises from any threat to how somebody how we perceive ourselves how we think other people will perceive us or what we know to be true what if we built things into our persuasion message that reinforced how we want people to see us how we want other people to see us what we know to be true if if we build those into our persuasion messages they become more compelling they become frictionless does that make sense. So if you're going to write marketing copy like i know doreen wants to write marketing copy you might want to talk about how you'll see yourself being xyz feeling more confident more powerful more at peace and other people will notice that and they'll be amazed at how quickly you've changed your whole life and you'll realize how true that is because you can remember how you were right. Big picture stuff right. But did you notice that as i began to talk about it how you all started filling in your own details finding elements in your own life when those things were true that's called being specifically vague you filled in all the all the details from your own life experience that's called a trance right.

If i can create a vessel for you to fill in your own words or to you to fill in your own meanings. Then your resistance goes away right. So if i can build these things in again this is all a little peripheral stuff that i wouldn't i just want to put out there and let it kind of gel and come together for you in such a way that it makes perfect sense and is usable for you by the end of the night. But let it just percolate unconsciously for right.

Now. So i'll put that out there for you okay. So the basic process of communication that we want to start to work with is we want to communicate from the meat suit up we want to communicate from the body to the limbic system to the emotions and. Then ultimately we want to top it off with facts and figures this is why this is important the more the meat the more the body is engaged in the process the flimsier and less factual the data can be.

But the unconscious mind will still go for it i'm very serious about that the more neural i have a friend of mine who wrote a book. Called real world seduction okay. He's crazy crazy dude brilliant crazy as alone. But brilliant real world seduction and he would tell stories about how he would go to these bars and he would get women all excited and.

Then ask him to come back to his apartment to look. At his stamp collection and they would go oh i heard them yeah okay. It's all right. No.

It's here's the thing here's the point the more the nervous system is engaged the more emotional arousal in whatever direction whether it's for a business proposal or a date or whatever the more the emotions are engaged the deeper trance state you have you don't need to be someone you don't need to have the guy like and you know literally snoring in his chair what you need is a way to get them focused and absorbed in what you're saying the fastest way to do that is to find out what is the most emotionally important to them and give it to them in nlp terms we call that criteria and values does anybody here not know what i mean when i say criteria and values okay. You don't anybody else okay. Each and every one of us like to think we have an identity okay. But we don't we have multiple identities.

But the building blocks of those identities are our values the things that we hold most precious to us and with each of those values each of those values has a feeling a label and a checklist like say my one of my highest values is freedom okay. Well the question might be how do you know when you're free well i know i'm free when i can go where i want do what i want with whom i want for as long as i want the label is freedom the feeling is usually happiness or some other emotion. But there's a checklist that lets me know i'm getting it when you tap in to somebody's emotion somebody's values they go into a profound trance state they experience extreme pleasure you understand what i'm saying. So if i were to say to derek derek what's important to you about learning how to be like darren brown all right.

That's all right. I already know now all right. But if um all right. Let's go with doreen what's important to you about learning this learning the skills.

So i can communicate better with the right. Niche. So you can communicate better with the right. Niche with the right.

What was the other word you used the niche okay. And what's important about that if you were to be able to communicate and use the right. Words to communicate with the right. Niche what would that do for you you get busier more and i will activate the word of mouth advertising.

So i can stay focusing on advertising absolutely and once you activate that word of mouth and save more on advertising. So you can communicate with the right. Niche ultimately just. So i understand you better what's that going to do for you freedom do you hear the emotion that is what we're going for look.

See how she's giving you information she's volunteering information now that is what you'll always get when you tap into somebody's deeply held values and criteria they will start volunteering information they can't stop the emotion right. Now did you notice that all i did was repeat your words back to you the words that come out of a person's mouth are the most perfect words to their nervous system they have a direct pipeline to her values if all i do is learn to describe my own experiences using another person's key words the words that they lean on they will go into a profound state of trance they will feel connected to me and they will feel like i understand them better than anybody they've ever met in minutes look. At her and it's ethical now here's the corollary to that now that i know that about doreen i now have a direct a direct pipeline to everything that is the built that are the building blocks of her emotional identity which means a person cannot go against their deeply held values and criterias without experiencing intense emotional pain. So it's tremendous power that you have to create a lifelong client for friend or lover or a stalker someone who will not rest until they put they get payback for the emotional hurt that you've caused okay.

So back when i had my. First martial arts school in uh the early 90s back in in coral springs florida this was how i primarily booked most of my patients or most of my my students i used a technique we call the echo technique okay. And basically what it amounted to was whatever words came out of their mouth those are the words i gave back. So it sounds something like this it'd be ring ring hello this is coral springs martial arts academy this is david how can i help you.

So hey my name is bernice i'm looking for karate lessons for my 10 year old son bobby oh hey bernice. So you're looking for karate lessons for your 10 year old son bobby yeah. So well tell me more about what's important about getting your karate lessons for your 10 year old son well he's a little small for his age he could use a little bit more focus and i'm afraid he might be getting a little bit of picked on his school he's not telling me that. But i think that's kind of what you're getting oh i see.

So you think he's getting picked on at school a little bit and he could use a little bit of focus and he's a little small for his age yeah well bernice i'll tell you we have a special program just for kids who are a little small for their age and who are you know want a little bit more of we call it bully proofing. But it's really for people who might be getting picked on and what we're doing right. Now is we're offering uh two free classes plus a uniform and bobby can come in try the class out and we can show him how to get focus and and really kind of defend himself and stand up to those bullies who might be picking on it we have two appointment slots available we have one at 5 30 today and one at tomorrow at 6 30 which should be easier for you great i'll pencil you in boom 90 show up rate yeah you see most of us if we work in sales or any kind of marketing we're taught what was commonly known as a traditional features and benefits approach we just keep throwing benefit after feature after feature after feature hoping something sticks right. Now fastest way to close the sale and actually have them ask you for it is to ask them what they want galena what do you want to get out of this class today well we just started to meditate me myself meditate.

So um i feel like it's the same way okay. So you just started to meditate and and i want to learn more about self-hypnosis learn about self-hypnosis okay. But also um we provide service to people and it's physical service who's we and provide service to people for what specifically okay. Great.

So and i feel like all the problems people have that's all mentally. So i would like to help them maybe faster and better if i will know how to communicate communicate with them. So if you could communicate better you could help people faster and better absolutely and you work with a lot of physical physically challenged people yeah right. Okay.

I just want to understand right. Okay. So what did i do i used how did it feel wonderful if you just move through the world making everyone around you feel ridiculously good they will give you stuff they will literally just give you stuff oh people will tell you everything you need to know to give them to make them do exactly what you want them to do once you see the matrix once you understand the levels of information that are around you okay. And again i don't want to overwhelm you with everything i just gotta that's why he was asking the questions what you want to learn.

So yes. How can i give you what you want until i know right. Because every each and every one of you here is unique you're special. But you all came here because there was something you wanted and as you connect the reason you came to the information come on in christine christian as you connect what you want to the information i'm giving you you'll naturally find logically and intuitively new ways that you can begin to apply this information in a way that makes sense that's useful for you at whatever level of skill that you have and the more you work with this level whatever level of skill that you have the more rapidly you'll go deeper into these into these understandings and these learnings and be able to use them even more effectively and feel good about it because you already know that you're doing it 100 ethically you're finding out what people most want in life and linking what you have to offer to what they want in a way that both of you get it and isn't that why we're all here except for maybe derek who wants to no.

I'm just teasing you brother yes. To do that for someone let's say you're dealing with someone who's just you know a rock and they're just not very talkative and maybe you try to start a conversation or ask them some questions and they're just not responsive okay. I need a context um business meeting okay. And there's very powerful clients in the meeting and you know in the room before the meeting started and you want to try to establish a report and they're just maybe dismissive or okay.

Well. First of all never go in feeling one down that's that's we call frame control okay. And that's a little bit outside of the purview of what we're going to do here today if somebody's not willing to engage in a conversation with you write them off i'm serious well if you can't you can't all right. But and you do the best you can.

But you have to go in if you go into a situation in your mind already one down you've already lost this is the hardest part about what does anybody does everybody here know what i mean when i talk about frame control this means yes. This means no. Okay. Think of a frame think about each and every one of you is moving through the world you are the writer director and star of your own movie okay.

You get to decide who the star is who the protagonist is who the antagonist is what the plot line is yadda yadda and as long as everybody plays their role life goes fine. But when people start to step outside of their role they start to improvise they're no. Longer being who you want them to be right. Anytime two or more people get together there's a battle for who's going to control that frame who's going to control the meaning of the interaction okay.

The the the common example that i use is a dating one because i do a lot of a lot of people i do a lot of work with relationships and advanced communication when you see a man approach a woman in a bar or a event a venue who's usually doing the approaching this is actually a trick question yeah. But you know who's initiating it most of the time as a woman women initiate sixty percent of all approaches they just do it. So suddenly men give themselves credit for it. But in the in the traditional dating scenario a man approaches a woman and initiates contact the frame the structure of the frame in any given frame you have you can hold one of three positions you can be the dominant you can be an equal or you can be a subordinate okay.

You understand this yes. When you go into meeting with a venture capitalist or something like that and you go in as a subordinate you're basically giving up all the power in the relationship okay. Now most people don't realize that you can shift positions in a frame very subtly that's a whole art form in and of itself and that's why i recommend the book. By class because it's all about exactly what you're talking about it's dead on what you're talking about.

But on a big picture level if i approach doreen or malcolm from a position of let's go back to the dating the dating sequence i'm getting kind of off base when the man approaches the woman who's the prize all right. I know where you come from in most cases people who haven't been trained who don't understand the social dynamics if igor is approaching galena in a dating scenario she's the prize why because igor is seeking something from galena right. Because of that because igor is the seeker galena holds all the power galena can give or withhold validation or access does that make sense. So if you're going to pitch a product if you're going to pitch an opportunity you have to come in as the person giving the opportunity not the person asking for the sale two different positions right.

But just that subtle shift in your brain will change your physiology it'll change your body language and it'll change your tonality pre-consciously just that tweak mentally we'll do it if we have time you guys want to go into it we'll do some frame game exercises i have a lot of that stuff a lot of that stuff. But a lot of it goes back to state control state control if you can control your physiology you can control your posture your breathing you can control your state if you control your state you control the frame okay. When two or more people get together especially a group of guys who don't know each other you always see this it's the dick contest right. Five or six guys get together and everybody starts jockeying for position who's the alpha right.

And there's organized chaos until the alpha emerges the minute the alpha is established everybody falls in line right. Once it's a frame that's all it is human beings are conditioned preconsciously and genetically to create frames we're always trying to achieve a position in the hierarchy. So we know how to act hear what i said. So we know how to act that means we can change it most of us don't realize we can change the frame we can change our position in the frame and.

So we're stuck in whatever position of the person who runs the frame if the person like the ceo is looking down on you and you don't have the courage to just tell them to go pound sand in a way that's appropriate. But you know you walk in there like you're begging for the sale he's going to make you dog especially the ones nowadays like new york and these some of these east coast you know the ones who wear shorts to work because they can you know they're going to make you do all kinds of somersaults before they kick you out right. But if you go in there holding your frame and saying look. This is what i got either one or you don't man this is an opportunity for you if you don't take it i got six other appointments today right.

Now you don't do it in a way that challenges their self-esteem. But you also don't present it in a way that lowers yours does that make sense it's hard to do it's hard to do especially when we're starting to make pictures in our brain because that's usually what happens that's an nlp thing we make pictures of people who have status in our life we make the pictures them really really big and out of proportion to how we see ourselves and. So we act that way in real life if all we do take somebody who has a lot of stature who kind of intimidates you a little bit bro bring up that picture and if you could imagine someplace in the space around you reach out and touch it physically reach out and touch it all right. Trace the edges of it with your fingers that means do what the i tell you reach out and trace the edges of it with your fingers huh i'm not coming up with the situation all right.

We'll pretend and. Then what i want you to do is just take and go like closing a window on your iphone notice what happens to the feelings now lift it up like that what happens to the feelings oh now bring it down make it even smaller what happens to the feeling now put that behind you now what happens oh hey yeah that's right. Belongs right. What the hell just happened whole room people just went below the threshold of conscious awareness is a completely different coding system that forms the foundation of how you perceive reality we call it the matrix i call it the grid okay.

When we can tap into that underlying code we can change how our nervous system processes any memory or any thought or any frame okay. If all you did was take pictures of people who you're going to present to and you make your picture really big and there's much smaller you're going to walk in 10 times more confident without having to do anything else right. If you change your physiology you're going to walk in there and you're going to radiate important word you're going to radiate unconsciously pre-consciously to their nervous system a different frame their perceptual filters are going to shift and the. First impression is going to predispose them to viewing you as more authoritative and you didn't say a word is that good enough.

So now you back to what you had yet that's what i wanted to do i call it the dracula the dragon you don't have to say no. That's it yeah well there's like exactly. But yeah that's basically it in general okay. So just to recap the.

First step is always control your state i don't care if you've studied ericksonian language for 50 years if you walk into an interaction and your state's out of whack nothing happens you'll be completely incongruent you will sound like a okay. I regularly sound like a just kidding it's all in the body guys i'm telling you it's it's erickson couldn't use his body you got to understand something he didn't have a body to use he only had his eyes. For most of his life i mean he he he was he managed to get out of the wheelchair. But most of his the discoveries that he made about people were through observation because that's all he had right.

We have much more we have much more juice that we can push into the system okay. So um what time is it john let's take a seven minute break yes. Sir you got state control report could you just at least give the other four i'm just going to give them to you. Anyway all right.

Here they go all right. Here i'll give you all tell you what i'll give you all six have a reaction yeah there you go relax there breathe by the way this video will be available on my website this video will be available on my website okay. I traditionally i post all the videos from my meetups on my nlp power website or my covert hypnosis website for about a week to two weeks. Then they go into the members area for my personal students only.

But again you guys came out and i'm gonna deliver as much to you as i can as deeply as i can in the time that we have and if you want more i'll show you where to go okay. So back to the critical path of influence right. We said the. First word derek what was the.

First one state control eighty percent of all the persuasion that i do guys and gals is right. Here state control. Second is rapport rapport has three levels in my word we have traditional rapport which is nlp style rapport you have vibing and you have coherence coherence is that deep molecular level rapport that i've i mentioned if you want to go do the science on that heartmath.org i won't get too far into it. But it's physics it's physiological entrainment physics okay.

Has nothing to do with suggestion or belief can't not happen it's the most powerful form of rapport you can get after that it goes into language patterns when i talk about that is the traditional matching and mirroring pacing and leading style that nlp eric sonia hypnosis many sales programs teach you how many people who do not know what i mean when i say pacing and leading okay. If you don't know what pacing and leading is a pace in in neuro-linguistic speak is basically anything that can be verified as true. So if i say galena is blonde everybody here can look. At galena and say okay.

Yeah she's blonde because i can verify it through my senses i can also say it can also be a truism that is verified cognitively you're all sitting here having certain thoughts right. The. First thing i say when i say you're all having certain thoughts is you do a systems check why am i yeah i am he's right. Right.

You cannot resist pacing and leading if all i did was sit here and tell you things that were true about the environment you would go into a profound state of trance aka boredom. But you would also lose track of when i was actually telling you things that were true and things that were things that i just wanted you to do instead this is even before i use language patterns this is one of erickson's big things was just pacing and talking about things in the environment that you just couldn't argue with until your critical factor just checked out yeah i think that's uh they do a lot of what i call cold reading i call it the 60 40 split everybody here knows what cold reading is okay. Goal reading is where you tell you make observations about people and speak in such a way that they can't argue like most i don't even get into it i will get off on tangents i love questions i love dialogue i love interaction. But i go off on tangents.

So you know ask at your own peril once you get past your language patterns. But you get into what we call state management and there's a gazillion ways to manage somebody's state. But i want the distinction i want you to make in this process is that we're talking about state control we're talking about yours yours what you do to your body to your brain to your emotions we're talking about state management we're talking about running them through or initiating in them the state process or experience that we want them to have now in order to figure that out there's one thing we all have to start with remember when you're going to do any kind of hypnosis any kind of persuasion how do people here have that have a long-term goal of maybe writing a book. Someday did you write it excellent give her a big round of applause how many people here have tried writing that book.

At least two or three times and you get past the. First or. Second page wonder you ever know why because you started from the beginning if you want to be successful in writing or creating anything begin at the end and work backwards is that how you did it okay. Always start with the end in mind if you're going to enter any kind of persuasion interaction you've got to know what your outcome is and how you know you're getting it because if you don't have it established you won't know how to change your course most of us when we try to write a book.

Or create a communication we start at the beginning try to figure it out as we go and keep adding pieces and wind up somewhere completely different. So always establish your outcome state management is the primary way we start to get a little bit creative we can go into states what kind of emotional states do these people have to be in what kind of processes do we want them to go through in their mind right. How can we create analogs that establish patterns in their brain that generate certain types of behaviors right. After that we go into process process in other words what's the order and sequence of words that came out of their mouth visual auditory kinesthetic what's their strategy as nlp would like to say which by the way if all you do is repeat a person's words back to them you've already shortcut 80 of that if you just give them their words back in the order and sequence that they came out of their mouth you will automatically be in their optimum strategy you will automatically be in their modalities the visual auditory and kinesthetic representations you won't have to guess everything will line up you don't have to get creative you don't have to elicit anything all you have to do is pay attention and give it back to them and they will go into a profound state of rapport and compliance with you nlp will teach you very intricate complicated ways of eliciting somebody's strategy that take forever you don't need it because whatever comes out of their mouth has already been processed by the part that you're seeking to influence.

So just do it back okay. I'll tell you stories about when i went to they flew me to israel to do trainings for security companies and stuff never have a tougher audience in a room full of israelis what's that is it jesus i said jesus i know you're israeli i had i had a they flew me out there they flew me out there i had to do trainings for the vps i had to do trainings for the r d department the marketing department and man they did not want to believe any of it they did not want to believe anything i had to say. So i had his apple i'll tell you this earlier the. Last is what we actually started with earlier is criterion values the.

Last the persuasion bullseye is criterion values the emotional foundations of their identity when you talk to somebody about their criteria and values their emotional hot buttons you automatically engage the reptile brain the limbic system and the neocortex you stimulate and caress the building blocks of what's most important to that person in their life in that context at that moment in a way that they cannot ignore okay. They will go into a profound trance state. But it wouldn't be a trans state that the average hypnotist would recognize. But it's one that's extremely useful because you've bypassed their critical factor you've created within them a state of acceptable selective thinking now all you have to do is keep what you offer connected to what they the words that came out of their mouth for a long enough period of time their convincer strategy which is another program that runs inside their head will cycle through it a set number of times and they will do business out of default as long as you do it congruently okay.

Now i don't i don't i didn't show you the diagram i showed you the process i'll do this real quick let me see if i can find it is this useful by the way am i you guys having fun with us all right. Sometimes like getting the lesson from me is like sipping from a fire hose okay. This is from my two thousand dollar covert hypnosis course called killer influence. But if you were to look.

At this you can see that i have the linear one two three four five six steps right. This is your persuasion bullseye at the center of the persuasion bullseye is a person's criteria and values they are the foundations of their identity if you change a person's criteria and values you change who they are most people don't have the skill to change that. But it does exist okay. From the periphery to the center means global to specific anything i'm using by a state control with rapport with language patterns affects anyone within the sound of my voice.

So i can be speaking to one person or an entire room just like i am now you understand that as i move through to the center of the diagram the level of influence and persuasive ability that i wield becomes exponentially more powerful. However it also becomes exponentially more focused on one unique individual. So utilizing and understanding this model we have a universal model of persuasion that works in large groups written communication texting we've tested it instant messenger any form of linguistic communication from global to one-on-one follow this process step a step b step c the only thing you need after this is having the sensory acuity the ability to perceive if what you're doing is having the effect that you want does that make sense you don't need a lot of language patterns you don't need. First of all nlp teaches over 31 different discrete language patterns which ones do you use when how many people are familiar with all the ericksonian language patterns i'm not yeah i can barely spell complex equivalents.

But if you the reason that this is is visually diagrammed like this is because the limit one of the limitations of our auditory processing system our ability to hear is it's linear and. So many times when i start explaining things i have to actually use the language patterns and. So you go into trance and you kind of consciously miss it even though it goes in it doesn't consciously register right. Away.

But when you see this graphically you can understand how it all fits together does that make it more clear for you okay. Yes. Sir um early in the career i found it very difficult to convince clients that they needed to do something. So i started to gravitate into the idea of listening to what they said and.

Then asking them questions to let them come up with a conclusion perfect itself i told them how smart they were yep and. Then i got what i wanted absolutely. So that sounds like what you're doing exactly the same thing give him a big round of applause here's when it comes to covert influence and when i say covert i don't mean unethical i just mean we're not being hey i'm trying to persuade you people will resist what you tell them even if they know it's for their own good even if they know you have their best their best intentions and their best outcomes at heart they will still resist you that's a form of resistance known as reactants we'll cover that at another time. But they if if you give them the information or talk to them in such a way that they come to the conclusion about it they don't resist that.

So we want to begin to do is talk to people in a way that they presuppose that they they come to the conclusion we want them to have on their own without us having to tell them that's one of the secrets behind ericksonian metaphors you never explain your metaphor right. For those of you who are familiar with that at all. So before i turn you loose on the bathroom you guys have any questions about anything i've covered yes. He was asking like about things that we want to cover here today.

So i just working right. Now on self management to be more productive during the day at the same time. Second thing is if i wanna program myself to wake up and the certain time how can i do that oh that's easy yeah yeah. So yeah that's easy i actually teach that we actually uh in our hypnosis classes what we do is we actually have people go into trance for exactly 30 seconds and have their unconscious mind bring them out and we time them.

So that's one of the. First things that we we teach in our hypnosis classes because we live in a culture unfortunately that teaches us not to trust our unconscious mind and it devalues that side of us and. So we never play with it we spend more time on reading writing and arithmetic and learn how to use our imagination how to manage our emotions we want to be logical and rational it's the weakest part of you trust me i'm a hypnotist all right. Let's take let's take five or seven minutes use the restroom come back we'll get into some some language patterns and stuff okay.

Just one of those of you guys there's coffee up front there's water there's snacks that may be cold.
