Title: How to Reprogram Your Unconscious Mind
File Name: Mqg9-qmk-8s.txt
Video Id: Mqg9-qmk-8s
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mqg9-qmk-8s

Hello hello everyone welcome to how to reprogram your subconscious mind i'm your host for tonight's amazing exploration into the power of your mind body and soul and how they all work together to create the kind of changes that you want we'll be charlotte we'll be doing the what i lovingly call the dr david uh hold on a. Second is my recording paused one. Second it was such a good start too all right. Let's try that again hello everyone this is dr david schneider and welcome to our amazing and exciting exploration into the wonderful world how to reprogram your subconscious mind for success health wealth and happiness we'll be starting the official presentation uh in just a few minutes.

But i do have a few administrative details that i would like to uh kind of get out of the way um before we uh we jump into the meat of the material uh for those of you who are new to our particular process let me let me let me go over a few things with you very very quickly a um if politically a correct language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your time i'm a teacher who believes in telling people like it is i use very plain often very provocative language that being said my my job is to provoke you never to offend you. So um one of the things you'll discover as you get deeper into the nuances of working with your own unconscious mind is that many times the things that trigger us are the shortest paths to the biggest gains and the biggest progress in our life. So my intention is never to offend anyone. But i will i will say very provocative things.

So uh if you're not somebody who responds well to to being provoked or being asked to do things or or guided through processes probably not the best time for you if you're used to webinars that have like a 90 minute format where you know you log on and you hear pitch pitch pitch buy my stuff tease buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff you're probably going to be a little disappointed our webinars are very very focused on delivering solid hardcore real world proven actionable content my goal here tonight is for you to come away with the specific tools that you need to move your life forward in the direction that you want to move it okay. Um. So that being said um here's how we we have a process we call a free form webinar and the way that works is that for the. Next for the.

Next 60 minutes or. So i am going to move you through found it fundamental principles building blocks of how to reprogram your subconscious mind and introduce your principles basic techniques the nuances of how to work with your own unconscious those building blocks are going to form the foundation of some processes that we are going to do towards the end of the webinar. So let me explain that a little bit to you i'm going to give you the as much as i can if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn in terms of reprogramming your subconscious mind we have time for this even with three hours right. And.

So my my commitment to you is this my my promise is i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i will point you in the direction of where to go to take your life to the. Next step to go to the. Next level if that's something you really want to do is that fair if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chat for me let me pull up my chat. So i can see people responding cool excellent very good that being said we are streaming from our zoom platform uh to our zoom attendees as well as to our our students on youtube you may hear some noise in the background because my children just got home from school they're probably going to be fighting with their nanny anytime now.

So here's how it's going to work we always have the. Next step embedded or built into the webinar. So. First 60 minutes i'm going to deliver as much content as humanly possible and.

Then i'm going to share with you the. Next step in other words a program or a package that i've put together that will allow you if you join and you grab a hold of it to take your life to the. Next level that's going to take about 20 or 30 minutes depending on the questions that we have and things of that nature after that once that part is done we're going to circle back we're going to pick up where we left off we're going to continue to teach for the. Next 30 40 50 60 minutes whatever it is for as long as it need you need to get the things you you need handle if that makes any kind of sense.

So uh part of this webinar is what i call a free form webinar in other words there's a standardized presentation and. Then i'm actually going to stop the powerpoint presentation i'm going to ask you what it is you want to learn about where you want to focus i'm going to customize the content of tonight's webinar to helping as many of you as possible drill down on the specific processes that you need. So that you can put your like take your action and move your life forward does that sound like a fair trade does that sound like um a good way to go for tonight go ahead and type that in the chat i am a teacher i'll be right. Up front with you i am a teacher who thrives on feedback.

So when i ask you to respond please do. So the more you participate in this webinar tonight the more you participate in this class this is for you the more you'll get out of this okay. Now if you are brand new to tonight's webinar go ahead and type uh brand new. First time your name and where you're checking in from in the chat and.

Then uh and. Then press send. So i know um and there's a specific reason why. Second time from belgium actually if you're a veteran if you've been be bopping around planet david uh for any length of time and you've actually taken our materials gone out into the world and actually used them and gotten a result please type in veteran and what you did and how you applied it and how it worked for you okay.

And there's a very specific reason for that it's because since i am streaming the two platforms there is a delay between when i speak on the screen and it appears in zoom and. So what happens is the chats in in youtube are in real time and. So a lot of times the questions fly by. So fast i don't see them right.

Um. So for my veterans the people who've been around planet david for a while your job if you choose to accept it is if you see a question in the chat that is directly related to a piece of material from you've learned from us that you've employed out in the street and gotten a powerful successful result with it i invite you to answer that person's question okay. If i don't answer it or it's relevant to you please go ahead and answer that in the chat for them if you're not satisfied with that answer in other words you want me to answer your question directly and for some reason i don't answer it in the chat at the end of this webinar youtube will automatically create a replay okay. And.

So all you need to do is if you want me to personally answer your question go back to the comment section when this video goes live as a replay on youtube type your your question in the comments section below this video because i always go back after every webinar for the. Next week or. So and i review all the questions and comments and i answer them. So if um if i can help you i will if i can't help you i'll tell you that too and i will point you in the direction of where to go that i think might give you the the biggest and most appropriate answer to your question does that all sound like a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chat if you think that's you're ready to go okay.

Then with your permission without further ado i'd like to officially begin what i lovingly call the dr david dog and pony show welcome to how to reprogram your subconscious mind for success health wealth and happiness i'm dr david snyder and revealed in this exclusive online master class training you are going to learn some of the most powerful psychological tips for reprogramming your subconscious mind how to remove blocks to your success get rid of negative emotions how to program your mind for unlimited success health wealth and happiness this uh course is going to be about that well like i said it's going to be about 60 minutes of content 30 minutes of where to go. Next circling back to the. Second half of the webinar where we're going to actually drill down on the the about the building blocks and the foundations that we laid in the. First part of this webinar and.

Then we will customize the content. So that you get what you want the way that you want it. So many of you who are. First time to playing at david may be asking who the heck is david snyder and dr david snyder and why should i care well i'm glad you asked you see i'm actually a doctor of acupuncture and chinese medicine i graduated with a doctorate from pacific college of oriental medicine i've been a practicing and licensed acupuncturist here in the state of california since 2005 where my specialty is treating physiological illness that has as its root repressed emotion.

So while many people in uh in the hypnosis and nlp world are dealing with uh you know smoke cessation or social anxieties things of that nature which i deal with as well uh weight loss uh most of the the clients i get most of the patients i get are actually suffering from acute and chronic illnesses as well things related to adverse childhood events like post-traumatic stress child abuse sexual abuse i get a lot of things like cancer and uh parkinson's multiple sclerosis uh things that are rooted in in very deeply held repressed emotions. So that has been my specialty since 2005. i'm also a licensed nlp practitioner uh and in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org i've been the number i've been among the top two nlp trainers in the world for the. Last five years since about 2016-17 is when we started i've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from how to reprogram your subconscious mind to how to use conversation hypnosis for sales marketing uh attraction dating relationships sensuality enhancement things of that nature and i also deal a lot with energetics and energy healing as well in 2020 i received this letter from globalgurus.org and it is with great pleasure to announce that your training killer influence has been chosen by the global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp and if you click on this link right. Here it takes you to this page let me just make this a little bit bigger for you you can see all the courses that were compared to our killer influence course and we were ranked uh number one which i thought i was really proud of um for a couple of reasons a uh it's always nice to be uh considered you know number one.

But also i never promoted killer influence as an nlp course it certainly is uh utilizes nlp. But it's an influence and uh persuasion course as well as a people reading course. So it was interesting that we actually took. That spot without even uh trying to get it.

So that was exciting for us let me go back to i also have hold on a. Second all right. Let me close that out okay. I also am a lifelong martial artist i have a 10th degree black belt in rookie kempo karate which is an okinawan system i have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kung tao.

Second degree black belt in kosho kempuru. First to be black belt in funkuru jujitsu i'm a certified instructor in combat systema uh cinco mondo stream and a basic instructors in modern arnesse i have i love i lovingly tell people i have more uh energy healing credentials that mcdonald's sells hamburgers reiki master teacher advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist advanced dna theta healing with manifestation and bensten energy healing as well as many forms of qigong people often ask when they see this laundry list what the heck does all these things have in common well. First of all they all have one thing in common your subconscious mind and what is and how specifically does that have to do with your subconscious mind that's state control and pattern recognition you see all of these disciplines require you to have an integration of mind and body it requires you to be able to spot patterns and utilize them both to in to interrupt patterns that need to be interrupted as well as to enhance patterns that need enhancement. So what do all these things have to do with health success wealth and happiness pretty much everything because success leaves clues i believe it was uh anthony robbins who said that and what that means is is that everything human beings do follows a process and that process is equivalent to a pattern and once you understand how to become aware of those patterns whether they're patterns that hold you back or patterns that move your life forward you now have the ability to make a change i tell all of my students and many of you who've been around planet david for any length of time have heard me say this before that without awareness there is no.

Choice. So part of my job as your instructor tonight is to help you to become more self-aware to become aware of the patterns and the programs running below the threshold of your conscious mind bring them into conscious awareness and teach you very very systematically how to change them how to work with them if once you understand how you actually work change can be as simple as pointing to where you feel it reaching out and touching it um i'm oversimplifying just a tiny bit. But not that much you don't even have the best part is you don't even have to believe that what i'm saying you don't have to believe what i'm saying for it to work a lot of people have this this belief that um in order for hypnosis or these these subconscious disciplines to work you have to believe in them actually you don't that's kind of what's cool is because much of what we're doing is a mechanical process and once you understand that process what's really necessary is just to follow the instructions with absorption and focus. So i wanted to jump off my powerpoint for just a minute and just kind of elaborate and elucidate on that point for you you do not have to believe these things will work all you have to do is follow the instructions and after that it's just wash rinse repeat okay.

But if the secret to this is to be as playful as humanly possible just by a show of hands really or not by show of hands obviously. But by a show of uh interactiveness in the chat how many of you would like to be 30 better at everything go ahead and type me i want to be better at everything in the chat or me too in the chat if you'd like to be yes. Very good okay. Here's the secret not to be confused with the secret that we talk about adopt a playful fun-loving curious attitude towards everything that particular statistic comes from a very very easy going field we i'm being facetious by the way called hostage negotiation fbi agents and researchers discovered that in the context of hostage negotiation when the negotiator himself or herself is more easy going more playful more um go with the flow less judgmental they are 30 to 33 percent better at everything they are more aware they are more flexible they are more adaptable they come up with better solutions faster and what's even more interesting for those of you who are influenced students and i have a lot of students who come to me to learn how to influence people better their counterparts the hostage taker is actually 30 to 33 percent more compliance in other words the the bad guy does more of what you want them to do would that be useful to make people who give you a hassle to to to maybe have an agenda that's contra to what you want be more flexible and compliant and giving you what you want would that be useful type that in the chat if you think that's more useful right.

So again what you're going to find is that success leaves clues one of those is going to be state control and pattern recognition now state control is when i talk about being playful and curious that's state control when i talk about pattern recognition it's talking about watching the things that keep happening and seeing the pattern arise right. So these two things are the core of every piece of work that you're going to do whether it's inter intra personal influence otherwise influencing yourself or extra interpersonal influence influencing one or more people you got to control your state you've got to recognize patterns and you've got to use those patterns effectively right. That's just what it means to be a successful communicator successful communicators whether they know it consciously or not are always using patterns patterns of success okay. Like i said success leaves clues and if you want to be more successful more healthy wealthy and happier follow the instructions i give you today to the letter and you will be amazed at how rapidly things start to change.

But again wrap everything within this playful curious let's see what happens mindset and discover for yourself whether these things work for you or not and that's another thing i want to kind of put out there right. Away some everything works for somebody again let me let me say that again everything works for somebody nothing works for everybody i only want to work with the people i know can benefit from these technologies. So here's what i what i recommend you do put all your skepticism on the shelf it's okay. To be skeptical just don't be negative right.

Do the drills test the results if it resonates with you if you find that it gives you it moves your life in the direction you want whether a little bit or a lot stay with it if it doesn't resonate with you if it doesn't jive with you think the way the world should be find something somebody else find a teacher who's whose processes and organizations actually allow you to move forward with that i want you to be successful i recognize that some people don't want to learn from a guy in a vest right. Some people you know um are just out to prove that they can't be fixed right. And that's okay. Do the drills make your own decisions is how far you want to go how fast okay.

So let me go back to my powerpoint best identity yes. Very good uh hold on a. Second here all right. Okay.

So is this class for you all right. Here we go this is where we find out if you belong here or not if you can answer yes. To two or more of these questions this is the right. Place for you this is the right.

Place for you if you would like to learn how to banish fear and insecurity from your life to radiate confidence assertiveness and power and be considered truly alpha by your own standards if you would like some more of that for yourself go ahead and type that's for me i want that how do i do that in the chat right. If you'd like to learn how to generate and become super attractive to members of the opposite sex and maybe even make them find you charming and fascinating and irresistible you're in the right. Place there's going to be some very powerful techniques that if you understand them and apply them you will become the most fascinating person in the room most of the time i want to warn you if you start doing this for real uh you may have trouble getting yourself out of large mobs of people wanting to talk to you okay. So if you're okay.

With that keep going right. If you'd like to make more money book. More clients for your business get that raise our promotion that you know you deserve go ahead and type i want that in the chat and let's go let's get that okay. Uh if you'd like to protect yourself from manipulative people if you'd like to learn how to handle difficult people much more easily this is the place for you right.

Now all the things that i'm talking about right. Now are going to be available to you as a byproduct from this webinar okay. Uh if you'd like to have people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want them to. So that they naturally want to follow your lead good place for you to be one of the one of the very.

First exercises that you're going to learn is what we call the emotional bonding checklist or in this context we call it the emotional motivation checklist it's the reason why we do everything we do and once you understand this concept once you understand this phenomena and how to generate it in yourself and. Then transfer that to others people will literally salivate to do what you want them to do for their own reasons and you'll never have to make up ever again it's really kind of cool um. But be careful it's really really powerful i'm gonna share that that technology with you in the context of motivating and influencing yourself. But it's very easy to transfer that into an interpersonal or group dynamic okay.

If you would like to program yourself to create massive financial abundance with more than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some pay attention to the content of this webinar because at the. Second half we're going to start to show you how to put things into your future. So that your neurology just guides you to it like a gps on autopilot okay.

If you'd like to learn how to nail two or three job interviews out on the spot or out outside two or three job interviews two out of three job interviews on the spot have them salivating to hire you refer back to that emotional bonding checklist and that emotional motivation checklist that i just mentioned it'll help you do that there too if you'd like to learn how to inspire your employees your children your spouse to do what you want to get them to want to do what you want pay attention once again because we're going to show you the secret sauce for how to make that happen there's two techniques that really allow you to do that really really quick we're going to talk about both of them tonight on this webinar okay. If you'd like to surround yourself with lots of new trustworthy and loyal friends pay very close attention because once again success leaves clues and there are two types of people there's actually three kinds of people in our life there are people who add value to our life who make us better people make us more of what we want to be there's people who don't add any value. But they don't take away any value and. Then there's people who eliminate value who make us feel less about ourselves you're going to learn very very quickly how to slot those people into people you want to add value to your life people who are neutral people who are completely get rid of them all right.

And by the way i will tell you right. Now that um getting rid of the bad people is probably harder than surrounding yourself with good people um and we'll talk about some of the principles for why that is okay. If you've ever fantasized about having the ability to put people under your spell kind of like to have this amazing charisma that just reaches out and sucks people in and connects fully with you and they want to follow your lead pay attention because i'm going to give you the foundations and the building blocks of that right. I can't show you i think i said if this is the scope of everything that we could be teaching you about how to work with the subconscious mind we have time for about this.

So my my promise to you once again my commitment is to take you as far as i can in the time we have and i'll show you uh how to take that. Next step and if you're ready to do that go ahead and say i'm ready to do that in the chat okay. So for those of you who type yes. In the chat here's what you're gonna get from this webinar if you stay till the end of this webinar my personal promise to you ladies and gentlemen is if you stay until the end.

So i log off i'm going to share with you the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness i'm going to show you how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination how to remove blocks to your success how to get rid of the negative emotions fear pain and limiting beliefs that have been holding you back and i will give you the exact steps to take to go from interesting information to blasting and maximum transformation in minimum time if you're ready to do that go ahead and type i'm ready in the chat and i'm going to switch to this. Next piece here's what you're going to learn tonight ladies and gentlemen i'm going to share with you tonight the two most important factors to success it's not what you think or maybe it is i'm going to teach you the three ingredients to achievement this is something i learned many many years ago that has dramatically changed my life it has allowed me to organize the material that i acquire in my research and and utilize them in the proper order i'm going to teach you about the rules of the mind the ones they didn't tell you about if you understand if you're if you're a fan of the secret fan of the law of attraction things of that nature these seven rules are going to be one of the most important pieces in your law of attraction practices okay. I'm going to teach you about a pro phenomena i call body centered energy psychotherapy we're going to use that to reprogram your subconscious body and mind we're going to program your future and clear your past and we're going to show you step by step how to take control of your life how to get the life you want the way that you want it. So let's let's jump in with the very.

First piece which is the two most important factors to success if you've been on the webinar with me before please don't spoil the surprise i'm going to make my window just a little bit bigger here and let's jump in okay. So the two most oops close this up can everybody see this okay. If you can see this okay. Type i can see it in the chat okay.

Okay. Excellent. So the two most important factors uh to to change your life the two biggest and their big ones is when we call it identity and action big picture pieces when we talk about identity though one of the core concepts is who you are as a person who are you your self-concept your life experience in other words what do you believe about yourself what do you believe you deserve what do you believe your place in this life is okay. And an nlp let me see if i can make this a little bit bigger for you can everybody see the um this section okay.

Okay. You'll see here this is what nlp calls the hierarchy of beliefs part of my my uh dyslexic typing hierarchy of beliefs now one of the things that that we need to understand is that everything about us goes back to beliefs you have levels to your belief now if you look. At this belief structure this belief ladder which comes from nlp you have a top-down hierarchy the beliefs at the top of the pyramid control the beliefs below it. So your spirituality and purpose your mission in this life and chinese in our systems we would call this your golden path directly influences your identity level who you are in this world your identity and who you are in this world is supported by your beliefs and values below that is your capabilities the behaviors in a particular environment and the environment itself okay.

Now here's what we need to understand about self-concept and belief. So i'm going to jump back off the i'm going to erase this really quick. So i don't have all this weird writing when we start working with beliefs that the. First thing we need to understand is that if you've ever heard it said you can't out earn your level of self esteem or self uh self confidence what we're talking about is belief systems now belief systems have a hierarchy from the trans personal all the way down to the environmental level.

But the beautiful thing about beliefs is that no. Matter what level of belief you have they're all built the same way in other words i often ask my students what are thoughts made out of what are they made out of and i get all kinds of answers i get uh energy and i get um um data and i get i get all kinds well just for for grinsing giggles what you know if again if you're a veteran and you know the answer don't don't participate in this exercise. But if you're brand new to planet david go ahead and type in what do you think thoughts are made of words okay. Information and energy okay.

Memories ideas okay. Ideas emotions i think that's what they're trying to say in emotions okay. Excellent all right. All great answers only one of you got it right.

Though all belief systems are built from v-a-k-o-g now what does v-a-k-o-g actually mean v-a-k-o-g means visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory data. So let me explain let me diagram this for you real quick this vidcog system like i've got it right. Here this vacog system i call in our in our work the primary encoding system okay. And the reason for that is because all thoughts feelings memories emotions all the things that you named even the energy part of it that you guys typed into the chat they have to be structured in a way that the nervous system can decode them.

So let me explain to you kind of what happens and and how your beliefs come to be formed through the process of a. Second here we go. So what you're doing here is you have in life what i call primary experiences and secondary experiences. So let's say i'm moving through the world right.

And i'll use a less than positive example because it will stick in your brain faster i'm moving through the world and all of a sudden i get hit by a car right. I'm driving and all of a sudden i get t-boned by a car right. What happens is that's what we call a primary experience something physically impacted me now what happens is my nervous system your nervous system will take that experience and like white light through a prism will create a metaphor it will take that information and interpret it in visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory channels of information and. Then what it will do [Music] is it will take that information and project around you a hologram of the way the world is it's not the primary experience it is a recreation an encoding a metaphor of an experience.

But that experience will have all of these components to it and your neurology will respond to it as if as the same way it responded to the original primary encoding event does everybody understand what i'm getting at with this process does that make sense to people okay. So the thing the situation i tell this to all my students and this is something i want you to to really wrap your head around you are not the way you are your life is not the way it is because of the things that happen to you your life is the way it is because of the way you encoded what happened to you and the way that you are relating to those recordings does that make sense you know using a metaphor you know when you were five years old kid ran over your foot with a bicycle well the kid that was that was you know 25 30 40 years ago as far as time is concerned it's done it's done it's over with. But every time you remember it you remember that pain you remember those feelings that's you relating to the recording you made of that experience now up until this webinar and i'm talking to the new people specifically because if you've been on planet david for a while um you know how this works we've been through this. But i always have to i i teach i always teach these webinars for the new people.

So they can get the foundations what you didn't understand at the moment that that recording happened was that it was built out of certain things and because of the way it was built it told your neurology how to play the experience for you. So think about it this way you've got a brand you know how many of you guys are old enough to remember this thing called cds music cds right. Before we have these mp4s right. Remember how you would uh or or lps for example right.

Or mp4s right. Rmp3s rather right. But you put that you put that recording into the player right. And you listen to it and.

Then all of a sudden you realize it's the sound is off somehow. So there's this thing called an equalizer right. Where you can adjust the treble you can adjust the bass you can adjust all of these things about how the player plays the recording you guys understand what i'm talking about right. So that recording when you put that recording into the player there's certain default settings that it has that if you did nothing would just play it the way it was recorded.

But with that equalizer you can go in and you can enhance certain things you can minimize certain things if you have editing software you can actually change the entire thing can you not yes. Or yes. Type if you're with me. So far type it in town with you okay.

That what you're manipulating in your own mind and body is that va kog primary encoding system when you have an experience it comes into your body it's refracted into five channels of information your neurology recombines those five channels of information and creates this hologram of reality that we relate to as if it's 100 percent actual real. But it's not it's a very welcome as einstein said it's a very very very well constructed illusion what most people don't realize and this is where nlp became instrumental in in helping people to change things very quickly was nlp discovered the code in other words there's a software that all of our thoughts our memories our beliefs our attitudes our physiological processes are written in and if we understand that code and we know how to access the editing deck we can begin to customize every single aspect of how our neurology plays those thoughts the vak sequencing and the attributes in that via that primary encoding those five primary encoding channels act like computer programs that cause you to have certain experiences and every single one of your beliefs whether they move you forward or they hold you back whether they cause you to suck people to bring people into the world that add value or they push people out who have value out of your life they all have a structure they're all written in a code and that code is the same from whether it's a positive belief or negative belief they're written in the same alphabet and if you understand that alphabet you can rewrite the code and get a different experience would you like to play with that really quick just to understand it just to have an experience of it go ahead and raise your hand if you'd like to do that perfect. So i'm going to skip i'm going to do one thing really quick i'm going to kind of open a loop here after the offer will circle back to it i want you to close your eyes. Think of the time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever i mean like on a scale of zero to ten it was sheet ripping good now it doesn't have to be a sexual experience i don't care i could be the the smell of the taste of you know the feeling of biting into a freshly baked cookie right.

Out of the oven it could be uh the birth of a child it could be you're getting married it could be the end of a marriage if it made you happy i don't care all i care about is that when you think about that moment when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing feeling that you get a feeling of absolute pleasure like you to close your eyes. And as you do that i'd like you to remember that moment of absolute pleasure what were you seeing in that moment what were you hearing what were you smelling what were you tasting because when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's a beautiful feeling that you get a feeling of absolute pleasure take a moment notice there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow and where they spread from point to where you feel it excellent now i want you to just go ahead and take your other hand and if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that amazing feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it go ahead reach out and touch that now take both of your hands always go with your. First impression by the way trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is and.

Then just like you would just grab the edges of it and just like you would expand the window on your touch screen your iphone make that picture as big as the room and notice what happens to the feeling does it get stronger does it get weaker now bring that picture shrink it down to its original size grab it slowly pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feeling does it get stronger or does it get weaker right. Now lift it up over your head pull it down around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all less than pleasurable experiences real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants and everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply when you've got that take a snapshot of it. So you know what it feels like and. Then you can have this back in just a moment.

But for the sake of our drill what i want you to do right. Now is i want you to unwrap that feeling hold it back up over your head now most of you know what a frisbee is right. I want you to imagine this thing is now shaped like a frisbee i want you to throw that frisbee all the way behind you see just fly back behind you behind the horizon until it disappears completely when it's disappeared completely scan your body notice what happened to the feeling when you've done that lift your hands up imagine your hands are now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets i want you to suck that frisbee right. Back into your hands and as you hold it up above your head i'm going to tell you one of the most powerful most important most absolutely true things you're going to hear on this webinar inside your mind body and soul you are the king or queen of your neurology you are the god or goddess of your universe and you have absolutely every right.

Privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want i want you to play with your own power right. Now i want you to take this picture that you're holding and i want you to move it up move it down make it bigger make it smaller move it inside your body move it outside your body notice how every time you move and change some attribute of that picture the feelings and the attributes of those feelings in your body begin to change and morph as well and i want you to play with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling you want the exact intensity level that you want to have it once you find that sweet spot fix it into place allow those feelings to flow from the picture to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream every place that blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very dna of those cells transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful perpetual pleasure factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe those feelings through your entire being until it becomes. So strong. So powerful no.

Force in the universe can turn that off or take it away not even you and when you know you've got that test try to turn it off try to make it go away try to imagine other people making go away and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied when you're done testing type what you discovered in the chat freedom althea says my body wanted to go peaceful i'm stuck with it you mean you're stuck feeling good mitch oh darn feeling powerful i lost you something that's all right. Your unconscious mind heard me carrie says she's happy bliss right. On powerful for sure. So what did we actually you guys are doing great no.

One can take it it's too far it stays very good. So what did we actually do here you have different divisions to your nervous system and each of them communicate lindsey faith says my my solar plexus feels whole again very good what did we do here let me let me just um um in a nutshell you have two aspects to your body you have your interoception the internal nervous system and the external nervous system there's always an interplay of information flowing from the inside to the outside from the outside to the inside nothing like learning from someone who wears a vest thank you thank you very much thank you bruno. Says creates immense ease in my body very good you've just tapped into your own personal control panel if you once you understand the dynamics and the nuances of what we just did you can change practically anything in your mind or body okay. It just comes down to asking the right.

Questions and trusting your unconscious does that make sense okay. Very good all right. So once again the visual the auditory the kinesthetic the olfactory the gustatory channels of information have other distinctions within them which we'll cover on the on the. Second half of the webinar.

But what you did in a very very deliberate and powerful way was you access the primary encoding system of a feeling the primary coding system of an experience now here's the things you didn't notice i never asked you what it was i didn't need to know anything about the actual experience you were remembering all you need to know is point to where you fill it reach out and touch it we call this area outside of your body the proprioceptive grid and it's part of the the energetic aspect of your nervous system okay. And. But all the information encoded inside of you and outside of you is built from this v-a-k-o-g primary encoding system and once you understand how to synchronize inside and outside use your imagination in that fun playful imaginative way begin to play with how you've coded your experiences you can change any belief you want to any belief you want you can remove blocks to your success you can overcome limiting beliefs you can go from a state of procrastination to salivation about getting things done okay. Now for beginners especially we you need a little help you need somebody to guide you okay.

We've gotten we've got certain ways that you can get that help and i'll go through those in a moment is this useful is this useful for the if you find this was useful type in the chat it's i'm ready for more cool excellent totally right. Okay. Um this is also great for parties by the way if you like to show off and and give people amazing altered states you can do the same exact process at a party a line at starbucks uh and either be considered the. Next voodoo witch doctor or uh the.

Next doctor strange or harry potter eg says i have trouble bringing back the frisbee okay. That takes practice toes excellent all right. So here's what we need to understand now let's go back now how does all this relate to your identity well your identity is based on a set of beliefs about who you are what you deserve what's acceptable what's right. And perfect and what isn't if you have an identity a set of beliefs that support your identity that say making money is bad rich people are evil right.

Um i don't deserve love right. If you have those beliefs as part of your identity. Then they will stop you from perceiving things that cause you to have those results that you really want. But the best part about any belief regardless of what level that pyramid it's at is that they're all built the same way.

So we we have a little slogan that we use in planet david says if you can point to where you feel it you can change it what does that actually mean pointing to where you feel it reaching out and touching it is a way of connecting all the different divisions of your nervous system and tapping in to that vak primary encoding system. So you can make structural changes to any belief or memory or um thought or structure you run they're like little mini programs. But you have control of everything. So what i want us to do is i want us to use this same belief structure to get our identities in alignment okay.

So here's the thing each and every one of you when you decided to to register for this webinar you saw the webinars oh i want that right. I want you to type in the chat room right. This is your. First this is your.

Next drill this is called the emotional motivation checklist this is again when we do it for ourselves it's called emotional motivation we do it for others it's called emotional bonding okay. So this. Next drill is called the emotional motivation checklist and it integrates and it interacts with this hierarchical structure of beliefs you don't need to know how it works yet you just need to know what to do to make it work okay. Because there's two ways to keep people stuck either give them way too much information or not enough i give you just enough to get the job done.

So you can go out in the world and put it into practice because if it's not easy it's not fun you won't do it okay. So here's how we engage the lion's share of your nervous system right. Then and there how many of you when you signed up for this webinar had something very very specific you wanted to take away from it something that if you've got nothing. But that one thing attending and following the instruction and doing everything we ask you to do this webinar would be ten thousand percent worth it how many of you have something like that go ahead and type that type yes.

In the chat if that's true for you okay. Perfect now for this. Next exercise i want you to think about that thing right. I want you to think about it and what i want you to do now is before we go any further i want you to get a pencil and a piece of paper and i'm going to share i'm going to show you a template and i'm going to walk you through it really quick can you all can you all see this okay.

Hold on a. Second can you all see that okay. Good this is the emotional motivation checklist. So if you want to do this on a piece of paper i highly recommend it.

So the. First thing i'm asking you is to type to write down or type on your sheet what it is you want if you got that one thing from this webinar the one tool that would allow you to move your life forward what is it type that in the chat or type that type it on your sheet and. Then imagine having it stop for a moment imagine actually having that tool and being able to apply it in the way that you actually want and i ask yourself this question what's that going to do for me what's that going to do for me right. What's it going to allow you to do or be or have and write that down i need you to physically write these down or type them in your in your spreads in your uh your notepad or whatever and.

Then imagine now that you got that what's important to you about getting it right. Trust your. First impressions on this i'm not going to ask you to tell me what it is. But i need you to know and externalize what those things are.

So what do you want what's it going to do for you what's important to you about getting it what's important to you about getting it okay. Whatever comes up. First use your ex you write down the exact words that come up in the order and sequence that they come up okay. When you got that type done in the chat done excellent all right.

Now stop for a moment and if you got what's important to you what would that do for you. So now we're down here at c what would that do for you if you got this ultimately what would that do for you write it down use your exact words whatever words popped up in your head don't edit it just put it on the sheet just put it on the sheet and. Then imagine you got that imagine you got that what's important about having it and if you get to words like love safety freedom um security you've pretty much reached where you need to go. But notice and when you've got that go ahead and type that in type done in the chat because we can't move on until everybody's done this okay.

Okay. Very good a lot of done people good excellent excellent exynos excellent now i want you to if you can do this uh stand up i want you to look. At your sheet look. At your answers look.

At your answers and as you think about following the instructions and doing things in this webinar i want you to repeat those sentences out loud from a through c just the answers now you don't need to write down the um you don't need to speak the questions just speak the answers out loud five times from a to c repeat them out loud five times when you've done that type in the chat what you experienced music 80s is asking what do you do if you have more than uh more than how many items more than a few items it's okay. You do this for each one. But right. Now we're going to do one.

So we understand the process type in when you've done it five times you can do it more don't do it less repeat it out loud out loud five times done and done with my novel all right. Pride space grounded excellent anybody else inner peace and bliss mitchell says peace kerry says excellent beautiful how many of you noticed that as you repeated these the shift in my energy right. How many of you know good leonard leonard energy excellent how many of you noticed you got emotional right. All you did was externalize your inner belief system what what you've just done is you've tapped into a system in your neurology known as the criterion value system which if you go back to our if you go back to our our drawing here oops remember we said identity is supported by what beliefs and values you just tapped into this level of belief which controls your capabilities your behaviors and your environment the beliefs and values that you have are your why you know how many of you ever heard the saying find your y yes.

Right. When you do this drill it literally it literally is you finding your why how many of you really are are like really motivated to move forward on that right. Now true not true yes. Or yes.

As uh t harvecker would say right. This is the secret to getting what you want you see there's two reasons that people don't move forward in their life okay. They don't want to or they don't want to that's actually not true um it's they don't know what they they they either have a conflict between uh beliefs or values in their head minds are mindset stuff or the actions that they take and. So once you understand the structure it's easier to take action because you come highly emotionally motivated to do that right.

So this is how again using this point where you feel it reach out and touch it process we can begin to shift our belief systems we can tap into internal emotional motivators that cause us to do the. Second most important thing that are the two biggest factors to success and that is action we need to take action if we it doesn't matter what our identity is if we don't actually do something if we don't take the steps. Then we're never going to get where we want to be we're never going to have the life we truly deserve. But there are reasons that people don't take action.

So let's explore those a little bit okay. So you have mindset and skill set okay. People um how do you diagnose if what's keeping you from moving forward is a mindset issue or a skill set issue well it's really simple really if you know what to do if you know the exact steps to take you'd know where to go who to talk to what forms to fill out what checks to write um if you know all of that. But you just can't bring yourself to do it you are dealing with a mindset issue how do you deal with mindset issues we just showed you point to where you feel it reach out and touch it okay.

Again we're going to go much more in depth into that process at the. Second half of the webinar now a lot of people don't move forward because they feel a lack of deservingness they don't feel like they deserve to have the things that they have john assaraf used to say you could never out earn your sense of self-worth or self-esteem uh if you've ever read stories of people who've won the lottery and. Then in a couple of years they're completely broke you're looking at people who've had a clash between what reality gave them and what their belief system says they're allowed to have and this can happen in the realm of relationships it can happen in the realm of business it can happen in the realm of family you know it's really um pervasive this lack of i've met ridiculously rich people who couldn't get laid in a morgue i've met supermodels who who can't can't keep it can't get a date um i've met uh amazingly um smart intelligent creative people who can't make money because they have a system of beliefs that say they can't and. So because of that their brain their neurology filters out a lot of the things that would make them successful real quick how many of you would like to be more lucky just by show of hands or by typing in the chat how many of you would like to actually be more lucky did you know that there are five key or five or six key psychological characteristics that all lucky people have in common right.

If you've ever met people that if if a safe with twenty thousand dollars fell out of an airplane and the safe opened on the way down the money would fall into their sunroof if you've ever met people who just they step in and they come out smelling like a rose right. Don't you hate those people right. But they it turns out that psychologists wanted to know is this really karma or is there something mental going on and what they discovered was that there were. So there are five i believe five key psychological characteristics that all lucky people have in common and they wanted to test this and.

So here's what they did they rented out a room this test the study was done in england they rented out a room and they hired actors to play the patrons in the restaurant and they put a 20-pound note on the floor and they had three groups of people that they were going to test they had average people which were the control they had people who considered themselves lucky and people who were considered themselves unlucky and they sent each group in individually and what they did was they wanted to to calibrate they wanted to count and measure how fast and how many of each of the the test subjects would spot that 20 pound note on the floor and as you can probably guess the control group had about a 50 50 split half the people saw it half the people didn't the lucky people practically 100 of the people found it the minute they walked in there it was as far as we can tell the unlucky people are still looking for the restaurant okay. Why mindset you see there's a there's a feedback loop in the human nervous system your perceptions control your beliefs your beliefs control your perceptions it's a feedback loop it's a pattern now some of the people in our youtube channel the minute i started talking about the characteristics of lucky people the. First thing they typed in the chat was i'm lucky well guess what the very. First psychological characteristic of lucky people is they identify as being lucky literally that belief is right.

Here i am a lucky person guess what happens everything in their neurology lines up all the way down to the environment. So if you think you're a lucky person and you have that belief everything from the top down lines up for you and isn't that what happens with lucky people it's like they have a bad situation come up and it turns out to be the stepping stone to something even better right. So the very. First psychological characteristic that you want to begin to install and amplify in your mind and body is i'm lucky and if you stay to the end of the webinar we'll actually help you do that okay.

But the deeper lesson that i want you to take away from this is a the belief systems that you have the higher up that hierarchy you go the more pervasive the control it has over every aspect of your life your identity that's the number one factor for creating the life you want is your identity which is built from beliefs about who you are what you deserve what you don't deserve all of that is built out of a code that you can change and i'm going to show you how to do that i'm going to teach you how to take the. Next steps to do that. But that's mindset it goes to your identity. But there's another aspect to why people don't do the.

Second piece which is take action and that is they don't know how and a lot of people have confusion between what is a mindset issue what is a skill set issue are you guys with me. So far is this is this useful super okay. Good uh again i could spend hours and i could spend days on on on the things that i i have. But again i want to get you up and running and and to the.

Next level in your life as quickly as possible. So how do you diagnose mindset versus skill set we just talked about mindset mindset means i know what to do i know how to do it i know when to do it i know where to do it i'm just not doing it right. The gun is loaded i'm pointing it at the target i can't pull the trigger that's a mindset issue this is how you deal with mindset issues okay. Lots of other tools for that.

But it's going to go back to beliefs royce is how do i download your brain into mine come to more trainings that's the fastest way to do it because what i do with the trainings i actually do deep trance identification processes where i literally have you step into me and take on and use me as a template to organize your your thoughts and attributes and things. But i only do that in live events. So it's it's scary and liberating at the same time because now what we do is we actually take you through the training and. Then we time distort you at the end of the training and have you live through that three or four or five day training a hundred thousand times.

So you get all of the skill sets you spent three or four or five days learning magnified and. Then you step into me and live through the training over and over and over again right. So that you have both perspectives and they synergize that's part of what we put that's why our students get. So good.

So quick right. It's all roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the heels now i can only do. So much of that in this kind of an event. But the more you do do what i say the more rapidly you get the results right.

And i'm going to show you how to do that in just a few minutes i'm going to talk about the the special training pro package we put together for you and how you can take advantage of it. But i want to give you these foundation skills. So that after we're done explaining the package you can decide which direction you want to take and we can build on the foundations. So.

First and foremost if you can point to where you feel it reach out and touch it you can change it every single thought idea memory belief that you have is built out of a primary encoding system that is built from visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory distinctions and attributes think of think of experience real experience to constructed experience going white light to a prism you have white light going in one end and five channels of information coming out on the other that is recombined to create the reality or the the hologram you call reality it's not real you made it up okay. You made it up you just don't realize it okay. This is why some of the language patterns that we teach in some of our other trainings are. So extraordinarily powerful because they go right.

To that primary encoding system they cause you to change how you refract the information in your mind and. So your reality changes automatically right. So all these things intersect. But tonight we're focusing on how to reprogram your subconscious mind you do it through using a combination of your mind and your body okay.

Okay. So um let me jump back to mindset our skill set. So let's look. At this this is the.

Next piece i'm going to cover before [Music] before we jump into other things. So skill set how do you diagnose a skill set well if you're throttling at the bit you're ready to take action you would take off at 100 miles an hour if you knew what to do or where to go. But you don't know where to go you don't know what to do you're dealing with a skill set issue you'd be amazed at how many of the things that we think our mindset are actually skill set um and and vice versa most people when you when you start diagnosing mindset versus skill set it's usually a like a 60 40 split or a 70 30 split in other words part of it is mindset. But a lot of it is his skill set.

So. But once you have the right. Skill set you can change your mindset and that's kind of where we're going. So how does your unconscious mind either move you forward or hold you back if you've ever had something you really really wanted and you've experienced any of the following this is what's actually going on for you if you want to take action you're ready to take action.

But you don't know how when or where to take the action and need training training is something you need to go get okay. Um i provide some of that. But there are certain skill sets you just need one of a very famous or actually one of my my wisest teachers used to tell me that you can be or do or have anything you want in this world. But.

First you must become you must become the person who deserves to have it what does that mean a you got to have the beliefs you gotta have this down okay. The. Second piece is you gotta do the work right. You gotta take the actions.

But a lot of times your unconscious mind has a safety mechanism in place because it doesn't feel you deserve it or to have the change might be dangerous. So if you've ever had something that you really really wanted and you heard these words come up in your head or out of your mouth it costs too much it's going to take too long it's too much work what you're really hearing from your unconscious mind is i don't deserve it okay. Your unconscious mind part of its job is to sort for what's familiar to keep you the same until you find something better taking action and becoming the person you want to be will always be uncomfortable. But the discomfort doesn't.

Last it becomes familiar and. So it becomes the new normal okay. Take the actions and you'll get the drills taking the action. So again we just talked about the emotional motivation checklist right.

Um now going back to that checklist if you're interacting with a client right. Remember i talked about earlier if you want to be able to have people salivating to buy your product or service or take it to the. Next level if you take a variation of this emotional motivation checklist and you ask them let's say somebody's coming to you to buy a house or to to be a therapist or whatever right. You say well what's important about the perfect house and they said well it's this and this and this because oh great.

So it's this and this and this and this right. And they said well if you had that what would that do for you well i'll say i would have this note have this and i would have this oh. So you had x y z and. Then one two three well i'm curious just.

So i understand you better what's important to you about abc and one two three well they're going to tell you this and this and this all you have to do is repeat those words back to them and. Then talk to them about your product or your service using those words and they will have an experience with you much the same way you had with me when you read your words out loud did anybody when you read your words out loud not feel better feel hungrier for it want it more right. Exactly my point is is if you take this same variant this emotional bonding checklist right. This emotional bonding checklist and you do it with another human being and you use their words to talk about your product or service they'll want it as bad as you wanted the things you talked about right.

And that's how you get them feeling like you've really heard them and you gain tremendous tremendous rapport with them with this person okay. Yep parts made you light up more than others exactly. So here's the thing i want to keep my promises to you okay. I went through a long list of things that you can use the information in this webinar for and i want to connect those dots for you.

So in the interest of taking it further of connecting the dots i've put together a special set of packages or package that i think will help you whether you come to a live event with me now or you train from home or some combination will allow you to get the biggest bang for your buck in reprogramming your car your subconscious mind to remove the blocks to success to overcome limiting beliefs to get into action and i'd like to take a few moments if it's okay. Go through that program and that offer with you and. Then when i'm done i'd like to circle back and build on the foundations that we've laid in this webinar. So far and take it as far as we can in the time we have is that is that sound like a fair trade can i can we do that is that okay.

You guys ready to go forward okay. Excellent without further ado. Then and with your permission see here who wants to take their lives to the. Next level put it put it in the box right.

With your permission i'd like to talk to you about a special package that i put together for you called secrets of personality transformation hold on a. Second there's something blocking my screen can everybody see me okay. Okay. All right.

So this is our ultra mind control training for success home study course this is an amazing program that's all about teaching you how to program your subconscious mind to attract more money in abundance to close more deals to become more attractive to the opposite sex uh to help you feel more confident and powerful if you'd like to become more charming and charismatic and irresistible you can utilize the technologies in this program to make any change you want now remember certain things that you're going to deal with are going to be mindset issues certain things that you're going to deal with are going to be skill set issues once you understand which is which you know what to do. So again get the sk do the drills get the skills or if you need to sometimes get the skills to do the drills right. So here's what i put together for you know this offer does expire today june 3rd 2021 at 11 59 pm um. So you have until about just before 12 p.m or 12 a.m tonight to get this and what this is it's a 14 video set it covers our complete seven stage identity by design process for changing your identity it's going to teach you how to systematically remove blocks to your success and overcome limiting beliefs it's going to show you step by step how to remove the unconscious safety rules that are keeping you stuck now what does that mean many times when people are embarking on a quest to be successful to move forward in life they they have a certain level of success.

Then something happens and they lose it they pick themselves up by their bootstraps they they do everything they need to do they reach a certain level of success and. Then for some reason they lose it again and. Then they try that. Third time to move forward it's like they can't pull the trigger it's like something is keeping them from actually doing what they know how to do and what's happened in those cases that the unconscious mind which one of its primary jobs is to keep you safe and it realizes you have.

So much pain from those previous encounters that it has to find a way to to keep that from happening again. So what it does is it says okay. How do i keep them from ever experiencing this pain of loss ever again i know if they never have a relationship or they never have another business they can never lose it and. So they'll never have that pain again and.

So the unconscious mind flips a switch establishes a safety rule and in spite of the fact that you know exactly what to do who to do it with how to do it when to do it you can't pull the trigger we're going to show you systematically how to get rid of those safety rules. So that you can actually move forward and get the life you want the way that you want it you know you have a safety rule in place when one of several things happens a you go to get rid of a problem it goes away for a short time and. Then it comes back b um you start to try to get rid of a problem or an issue and it maybe it's at a level nine and you work on it you work on you get it down to a level two and. Then it just stops right.

Um and it won't go any further if either of those things come up it goes away or it comes back or uh it reaches a certain level and it just won't go any further to get rid of it you've got a safety rule in place and we will show you very very specifically how to dissolve that that's module two of the seven stage identity by design process 297 value it's based on the the primary encoding system that we covered at the beginning of this webinar we'll take you even deeper into the nuances of that system and how to work with them if you'd like to learn to remove those negative voices in your head that hold you back you know the voice in your head that just said what voice um we call this voice of authority is stage three in the identity by design process and it's a 297 value it's going to change your voice in in your head from the one that tears you down and tells you why you don't deserve things well you can't have things to a voice that motivates you inspires you and reminds you of all the very best things about yourself a voice you can always trust a voice you can always believe in that gives you the very best advice that tells you how worthy and deserving you are that you're always good enough that's stage three of the identity by design process in in this program it's a 297 dollar value and. Then. Finally we're in the fourth level we're going to teach you to install the four most powerful default driver states that exist uh curiosity playfulness relentlessness and triumph these are states that when they are active and uh dominant in your personality you tend to move forward automatically you send you tend to see the world through a set of perceptual filters that move you towards success much like the lucky people when they walked into that restaurant instantly saw that 20-pound note you will start to see the world through the eyes. Of fun and playfulness through the eyes.

Of relentless determination to get what you want as a sense of moving through the world as a winner becoming automatically more charismatic assertive and attractive wherever you go and because of that intense sense of curiosity you'll move through the world asking questions that get you better responses and answers these will become the default states that you move through the world in and as a byproduct of that you will find your world changing and getting more of what you want the way that you want it things will stop holding you back and will start moving you forward you will learn things about yourself and the people around you you never would have learned any other way it's a 297 dollar value and once you have this process this pillars of power process that installs these states you can use it to install the other four default driver states that all lucky people have you can use it to install any state that you want and have it on tap anytime that you want. Then we're going to teach you how to sanitize all the negativity from your past memories and traumas and. So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that give you that make you feel better about your life and the world you live in.

Then we're going to teach you how to take all of that and install it as a personal success template into your genetic memory if you're familiar with any of the work of dr bruce lipton we know that your dna is changeable we know that you have this thing called genetic memory and we can take all of these processes and install it as a template before your very. First physical memory. So that every experience that you have from that moment forward is filtered through this set of uh perceptions and you'll become more successful automatically. So a lot of these process will become automatic and on autopilot for you you won't have to think about them most of the time.

But you'll be able to do both it's a 297 dollar value and. Then. Finally what we teach you to do is we teach you to take the skills qualities talents and attributes of people you admire and install those into this genetic template. So that you become more of the person you want to be remember i talked about in in some of our trainings i actually um do we do deep trance identification work where you actually become you step into me or other people uh if you've ever watched the uh the video on youtube which is uh captain jack the hypnotist um you'll find people you'll see a representation of that process and how you can use it to take on the qualities talents and attributes of people that you truly admire it's a 297 dollar value okay.

I will also include the real world hypnosis identity by design course manual it's a 418 value that also includes chapters on instant and rapid inductions uh imagination games waking hypnosis the seven most powerful conversational hypnosis language patterns that exist the seven stage universal persuasion process or persuasion protocol that allows you to exert influence anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason you'll learn about our specific 30-minute pre-consultation process that neurologically primes people to want to buy your product or service and also gives you a huge amount of information in a short amount of time that will tell you exactly what program or what set of processes to use that person and how they do it total value is two thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars you'll also be given access to our special online community our men and people our mastermind mentoring program where you can actually roll up your sleeves and get hands-on practice with people uh in using these same qualities and characteristics and skill sets total values of 2497 value. But of course as you can probably guess we're going to sweeten the pot for you we've got a whole lot more stuff for those of you who are really serious about becoming the person you say you want to be if you're serious about getting the things you said you want you're going to want to pay attention to what else we've got for you to kind of round out this training and this is what we've got we've got these extra special bonuses for you we're going to include the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course this is a program that's going to teach you how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind the. First process that we taught you um this one is all about self work it's all about how to utilize the identity by design silo to program yourself the. Second one is how to set up a how to become a hypnotherapist how to utilize these things with clients and other people.

So you'll learn again how to hypnotize people anyone anytime anywhere how to remove blocks to that just succe seem to go away or they go away and they come back you learn how to change that crappy voice inside your head or the head of your clients to a voice that builds you up and inspires you and motivates you you learn how to resolve negativity from your past install the traits qualities and characteristics of the people you want to have. So you can become the person that you want to be instead of the person that the universe conspired to make you instead of the person that you know religion and school systems and family tried to program you at a time when you didn't know what to do when you didn't know any better when you had no. Defenses we will show you how to go in and clean all that up it is not your fault the things that happened to you the things that were done to you at a time when you didn't understand. But as is.

So often the case it is our responsibility for clearing them up and your clients when they become your clients it's not their fault either they just didn't know any better and with these particular skill sets you'll have the ability to help people anytime anywhere to become the person they truly want to be it's a 1497 value. But we're going to give it to you absolutely free as part of this ultra personality ultra mind control personality transformation process total combined value. So far is two thousand nine hundred and ninety four dollars. But we're not going to stop there we're also going to give you our special hidden laws of attraction my magic and manifestation made easy home study course this is a 1497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free it's going to teach you systematically how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind once again to find and remove more blocks to your success these are things that would take place at the identity or the transpersonal or the purpose level remember we talked about that little hierarchy of beliefs this is going to teach you to go even higher and work from the very apex of that pyramid all the way down okay.

Uh we're going to teach you how to remove the blocks to happiness and success you didn't know you had we're going to teach you how to become a money magnet how to magnetize yourself for health wealth and prosperity and abundance we're going to teach you how to influence people remotely how to utilize remote influence techniques and mental suggestion techniques through the non-local universe. So that you can begin to manifest the kinds of responses from people that you want to have find and remove hidden negativity clear up the issues that just don't seem to go away we're going to teach you a powerful new information method for programming your mind and when we we we unleashed the there's two three parts of this one we've only we only released the. First part to the public when we released the other two aspects of it uh in the hidden laws of attraction live event. Last month the month before people were completely blown away this will actually if you utilize this particular method the right.

Way your entire neurology lights up like a christmas tree and you start changing your attitudes beliefs and perceptual filters in just a few repetitions if you've ever had to do repetition or affirmations for like 20 minutes 30 minutes 40 minutes just to begin to feel something you're going to be blown away by this new method that actually forces your neurology it doesn't actually force it in it actually asks your quest your neurology how do i make this real why is this real and all of a sudden proof your unconscious mind gives you a reason and anything that your unconscious mind generates your unconscious mind accepts is true the power that comes from this particular method is just off the charts. But don't believe me talk to the people who've experienced it there are some people in the chat. So go ahead and ask your questions with them um we'll teach you how to attract the things you want and change what you deserve. So to remove the negativity from your past to install the traits qualities characteristics of naturally lucky people we've kind of teased you with that a little bit.

But you're going to learn all five traits and how to put them in using the identity by design process in this particular bonus we'll just we're going to teach you the most powerful engine of personal transformation and manifestation i have ever seen when i learned this technique i learned it in the context of energy healing and when i found out what else this thing could do i took. It and i ran with it and i have been teaching this to thousands of people in our live events all over the world who've manifested practically impossible stuff if you've ever used this particular method it's called image cycling by the way if you're those of you in the chat if you've ever used this and manifested please type in the chat how it worked for you and how easy it was and we're going to teach you. So much more we'll teach you about where to place the objects in your house that energetically prime you to pull more wealth or happiness or joy into your life we'll talk about the different palaces of the face and how that relates to face reading and the energetics of what you pull in okay. Total combined value we're going to give this to you it's a 1497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you're one of the.

Next few people to sign up for um this amazing ultra mind mind control personality transformation program total combined value. So far is 5491 [Music] and put this in the chat because people are asking. But we're not going to stop there we're not going to stop there we're also going to throw in now the. First couple of.

First three programs that we are bonuses that we talked about were all about your mindset we're all about getting your head right. Your identity right. Your values right. Your mission and purpose right.

The. Next couple of bonuses we're going to talk about are all about skill set this is about getting the exact skills that you need to take action in the world here's a principle i want you to write down if you don't understand this you and you're wondering why your law of attraction stuff isn't quite working this is why it's because for everything you do on the mindset level on the spiritual level on the trans personal level towards manifesting what you want there must be a physical correspondent a physical action that you must take that allows um a vessel to be created that the manifestations you've impregnated the universe with can fill. So this is this particular course goes to that because one of the most important skills that you need to be successful in society any society is the ability to exert influence and persuasion okay. By definition the person with the greatest influence skills gets the most stuff.

So if you we're going to tackle the the idea of getting the life you want the way you want it from both ends we're going to teach you how to get your mind right. Get your belief systems right. How to get into action and now we're going to give you the skills you need to magnify and amplify the effects of the actions that you take this course the stealth cpi real world conversational hypnosis universal persuasion protocol will show you how to instantly hypnotically persuade people in normal conversations without them ever realizing you're doing anything weird or creepy or confusing right. It's going to teach you how to hypnotize people anytime anywhere how to emotionally bond and connect with anyone you meet at will.

So they automatically see that by doing what you want they get everything they want and that's a great win-win to move through the world if you understand this process you will never have to lie cheat steal manipulate coerce or cajole or or extort people ever all you have you'll get everything you want in life by showing everyone you interact with how to get whatever they want by doing what you want okay. People will hang on your every word they will they will want to do what you want them to do and you will gain the ability to be the most charismatic influential person in the room we were going to teach you how to control your emotions and use them as an extra charisma booster to influence other people to have them flocking to you and priming them to think along the lines that you want them to think you're gonna learn through seven simple easy to understand language patterns how to literally direct a person's internal focus of attention. So they only pay attention to the things you want them to and ignore the things you don't how to automatically cause people to begin any mental process that you want just by saying a few words in the right. Order you'll learn how to make anybody's internal pictures and the mind movies that they make in their head be exactly what you want them to be without zero chance of mistranslation you'll automatically how to make you you'll what would it be like if you could actually make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener right.

You know um what if you have the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener what would you be able to do with that kind of power that's the ability that i'm talking about if there was such a thing as a school for magicians to be able to cast spells on people. But be the good wizards this is it okay. That's just a small sample of what these seven powerful hypnotic language patterns can do if you understand the echo technique you can understand that the most powerful words any human being can hear the ones that literally force their nervous system to pay attention to you are the words that just came out of their mouth we're going to show you step by step how to control your emotions how to get rapport with your subjects how to use your language strategically how to manage the emotional states of everyone you meet and how to link and bond people emotionally to your product or service. So that they get everything they want by giving you what you want it's one of the most powerful win-win uh phenomena that we have and much much more okay.

Uh total it's a thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you did if you did all the math the combined value for this would be seven thousand four hundred and forty one dollars when you register before the end of the webinar okay. But you have to register before the end of the webinar if you want to uh take advantage of this and we only have a few of these. So we're also going to throw in one of my favorite courses let me ask you a question what if you had the ability to change a person's belief in minutes during normal conversation what if for every negative belief you encountered for every objection you had for someone buying your product or service you had at least 14 different ways to change that belief in seconds or minutes right. What could you do with that kind of power right.

What would happen if you took. If for every negative belief that you you discovered you had you had 14 different ways to change or modify that belief to get something better you think that would make your life a little bit easier you think you could you could actually get more of the life you want the way that you want it that's exactly what renegade reframing is and the art of rapid conversational belief change will allow you to do it will allow you to systematically change beliefs during normal conversations. Then that conversation can be with yourself it can be with a spouse a business partner a loved one okay. Um it even comes with its own card game we call the reframe game where you actually uh stated we believe throw a card at somebody that has one of these patterns on it and.

Then they have to use that pattern to overcome the belief now the 14 patterns in this course are based on a series of uh language patterns that were used uh. First used by richard bandler and uh discovered for lack of a better word by one of his students robert dilts richard bandler one of the founders of nlp when he was training his students he would he would get on stage and he would challenge them using the tools and techniques of nlp to try and change his limiting beliefs or or or make him uh you know overcome an objection that he might have and every time the students would would try to overcome or reframe the belief richard would use one of these patterns to completely destroy and decimate his students over and over and over again and after watching this happen for a number of years uh robert dill suddenly realized that there were some specific things that richard was doing every single time that allowed him to systematically change or overcome that that mental or verbal assault. So if you always if you're someone who's always kind of at the mercy of manipulative people or people who gaslight you or narcissistic behaviors or try to make you feel less about yourself this is probably one of the most important parts of this package that you can get because once you have this and you understand how to bolster your identity how to change your limiting beliefs about yourself you can utilize these patterns to protect yourself against people who try to manipulate you who try to make you feel bad about yourself who gaslight you who lie up to you or misrepresent certain things this is a very very powerful very very important course it's and it's done in a very fun playful um empowering way. So again um again this is worth the entire price of the of the course 1950 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free as a way for you to start by changing your own limiting beliefs and.

Then by utilizing these same conversational skill sets to change the minds and beliefs of everyone around you. So that they get more of the life they want you get more of the life you want and everybody's happy okay. Once again utilizing these particular strategies it's never necessary to lie cheat steal misrepresent or coerce anyone it's the most powerful white uh white hat approach to influence and persuasion on the planet total combined value for this is nine nine thousand three hundred and ninety one dollars when you register before the end of the webinar. So again register register register if you know this is what you want you know it'll change your life one would now be a good time to go ahead and consider uh clicking that link and getting up there um.

But we're not going to stop there. So let's just review really quick okay. So in this program that we put together for you we've got the 14 video secrets of personality transformation home study course that includes the manual and the seven stage identity by design process it's a two thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollar value we're going to give that. But we're going to include along with that they are real world hypnosis identity by design hypnotherapy certification home study course 1497 value we're going to include the hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation master class 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to throw in the bonus stealth cpi level 1 universal persuasion protocol one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and.

Then we're gonna add in just to make sure that we've rounded out both your mindset and your skill set um areas we're gonna ask you to we're gonna give you this renegade reframing how to overcome any objection and change beliefs instantly it's a 1950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total value 9 hundred and ninety one dollars okay. But of course as you can probably guess i want you to have the best deal humanly possible today i want you to get these programs and i want you to move your life forward i want you to build on the foundations that were laying in this webinar and take your life to the. Next level okay. Okay.

You won't and you're not gonna have to pay nine thousand nine three hundred ninety one dollars you're not gonna have to pay six thousand three hundred and forty seven you're not even gonna have to pay five thousand three hundred forty seven dollars not three not even two for those of you who want to take your life to the. Next level who are really serious about getting your mindset right. Your skill set right. You can get the entire program for one low time investment of just 9.97 or if you need to we can break that up for you into three easy installments of just 3.97 okay.

So once again all you got to do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious that's www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious hopefully i spelled that right. In the links all right. Www.nlpower.com forward slash oops. Anyway um yeah i'm not sure yeah um make sure that we've got the right.

Link in there for the people okay. Yeah. So go to www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious okay. As long as the link works we're good i get paranoid when.

So because i i use redirects for some of these links and sometimes uh when are my helpers post uh in the link by the way i just want to do it david this is stephanie it's cool it's cool all right. Cool uh now i was just about to mention we have uh some amazing helpers in the in the back of the room uh we have the amazing administrative goddess stephanie skiba she can answer any and all questions you have uh if you need payment plans uh a couple other things um just checked and it works okay. Good um if i if you've had some if you purchased some of our packages in the past and you see something here that would um that you already have let's definitely know and if as long as the price points are the same we can customize your package for you. So again just go to www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious okay.

Now if you're on the fence a couple of things everything that we're offering in this webinar comes with a 90-day 100 money-back guarantee if you apply if you legitimately apply these techniques you legitimately do the drills and if at the end of 90 days you're not making more money you're not closing more deals you're not attracting more success by your standard and your definitions if you're not well on your way to manifesting the life of your dreams which is more and that may include more security confidence and power personal or otherwise if you're not able to win in social encounters and become the person you truly want to be i will refund every cent you've invested because i want you to be successful and if these technologies don't pay off for you if they're not giving you the things you want i want you to take the the money and use it for something that will okay. Again give us a chance if you have any sticky points pick up the phone give stephanie a call or shoot us an email we will guide you as best that we can and if they after that if for whatever reason you're not getting the results you expected let us know and we will give you all your money back 100 percent satisfaction guarantee you have absolutely nothing to risk. So go ahead and click that link now that's www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious you have absolutely no. Risk whatsoever you have 90 days to get on the fast track to getting the life you want and you have us in your corner to help you if it works trust me it'll be the best investment you've ever made if it doesn't work for you give it pick up the phone give us a call and we'll make sure that you you're satisfied one way or the other okay.

So go to www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious that's www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious. But you know there are there's a certain category of people who are the people who are ready to make a change the people who absolutely want the biggest bang for their buck who are the action takers of the world and here's the thing i've learned is that it's the people who take action the people who just get in the game they ready fire aim. So to speak they're the ones that get the best stuff they're the ones that get the winner's circle and. So for those of you who are absolutely not tire kickers who are absolute action takers who want to become the kind of person you've always wanted to be i've got some extra special incentives for you if everything i talked about wasn't amazing enough if you grab your course now by clicking that link before june 3rd 2020 21 at 11 59 pm and before i log off this webinar these are special fast action bonuses these go away when i click the end button on tonight's meeting the bonuses i've talked about up to this point are available until 11 59 pm tonight at 11 59 pm you can no.

Longer get these bonuses if you're calling stephanie right. Now okay. And the line is busy leave your name leave your contact information if your information is on her machine you will qualify for bonuses because what happens whenever we do this webinar people surge uh to buy and stephanie's inundated and that's okay. As long as your information's in the queue you'll qualify xmk fobs just ordered excellent welcome aboard my friend.

But for those of you who are ready and if you've already ordered you get these bonuses too these are this you know for those of you these were the unannounced bonuses for those of you who are ready to take your life to the. Next level this this these go away when i log off the webinar okay. We're gonna give you the nlp three-month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program this is a 594 values actually a whole lot more. So i'm going to jump off the powerpoint for a moment just to explain this the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is the world's longest paid skill building nlp practice group it is not you will not get a certificate from the nlp power mastermind mentoring program what you will get is a skill set the way it works is on the.

Third saturday of every month people log in or they show up at my facility and i literally go around the room and i say stephanie what do you learn chris what are you doing k-fob what do you want to learn normally at 10 what do you want to learn uh holly what do you want seth what do you want to learn josh what do you want to learn a library what do you want to learn they tell me what they want to learn i write them on the board i look. At it and i see where all the threads connect where the all these different things that people want to learn about connect i create a lesson plan right. On the spot and for the. Next four hours i drill you on the skills you came to learn until you can do them in your sleep at the end of the four hours you go out into the world to put those skills to work you will not get a certificate from the nlp power mastermind mentoring program what you will get is a skill set the ability to actually do this stuff by working side by side for four hours to eight hours at a time with people who want to learn this stuff too the fastest way to go from interesting information to maximum transformation is to actually do the drills and there's no.

Better way to do that than to surround yourself with a community of people who all want to learn the same stuff and get the opportunity to practice if you want to take again if you want to go from initiation to ownership this is one of the ways that we do that our job at nlp power at david snyder nlp which is our new website which will be launching soon is to take you from where you are to where you want to be in the shortest amount of time possible the only way that we can do that is by giving you the opportunities to roll up your sleeves surround yourself with people who want to do the same thing and actually practice. So you can take those skills out into the real world we're going to give you three months to come in try the program work side by side with me get feedback from me interact with me work side by side with 10 20 30 40 other people in a group situation where you can focus on the things you actually want to learn about if you like it stay if you don't you at least got to spend some cool time with learning cool stuff with other people who like to do cool stuff. But the best part probably one of the best parts aside from the live interaction about the nlp our mastermind mentoring program is that we've been running that program non-stop without fail since 2010 we're going on 11 years now that we've been running this it's been super successful one of the reasons that i can do. So many of the things that i can do and even through a zoom connection like we're doing now is because of the time i've spent standing in front of a room full of people being asked all these different things finding a way to make them all fit together in ways i never thought about it's forced me to get better if you would like to be you know have the skill sets that you see me demonstrate and and use them in your life come to the nlp power mastering mentoring program try it for three months if you like it stay if you don't hey didn't cost you anything right.

But here's one of the best parts about the map the mentoring program we've videotaped every single session since 2010 we've archived all of the video footage from each of those training sessions on our private facebook. Group our nlp power website and a lot of it is now archived on our youtube channel under our membership level our platinum diamond and gold membership levels all have 100 access to the nlp power 10 year mastermind mentoring archive stuff that's never seen the light of day on youtube we've never put it in a product and you have full access 24 hours a day seven days a week you can binge watch 11 years of material that we've never shown to the general public for the entire three months and if you decide to stay in the mastermind you have unlimited access to it you can binge watch it to your heart's content. So it's really way more than 594 value it's it's really a whole lot more than that. But i wanted to explain that to you because if you really serious about taking your skills to the.

Next level about owning the skills instead of just knowing about them this is where this is where that transition takes place this is where the rubber hits the road. So if you know you want to be that level the a-list of influencer manifest the life you want be the person you've always wanted to be click that link and jump in and grab some of these these fast action bonuses for yourself if you like it keep it if you don't like it we'll refund your money okay. So i just wanted to kind of go through that with you and inspire you to click the link and go ahead and reserve your program because again there's only a few of these bonuses that we're going to be giving out okay. So total combined value.

So far if you include everything else pardon me is nine thousand nine hundred eighty five dollars. But we're not going to stop there we're also going to give you for those of you who like to take action and like to start fast is we're going to give you going to throw in the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is a course that drills down specifically on the seven most powerful language patterns it teaches you instant and rapid inductions it teaches you our famous three magic questions protocol that causes people to like love and trust you in as little as 20 minutes and can create very powerful long-lasting love relationships uh when it's leveraged properly you'll get an extra seven video course on me teaching the the magnificent seven plus or minus two language patterns uh when i was doing live private meetups and what else is in there i think there's a course on crash course on my detection as well as anchors and action and hypnotic hot buttons these are all nlp-based micro trainings on things that uh will actually enhance your ability. But this course is designed literally uh you watch the. First two videos and you're ready to go out and hypnotize people starting that night this is for people who really want a fast action a fast start don't want to spend a week watching uh you know a five video course or whatever.

So if this is something that you want we're going to give this to you it's a 997 value it comes with workbooks it comes with transcripts it comes with manuals and powerpoints everything you need to watch it tonight hypnotize people tomorrow it's yours absolutely free it's a 997 value we're going to give it to you total combined value for all the things we've talked about. So far is 10 982. But we're not going to stop there like i said before the fastest most powerful way to get these skills into you is through our live events and. So what we're going to include for the.

First 15 people to register for this program now listen if you've already clicked that link you've already got one of these you now call you're one of the. First 15 you automatically get this this is the way the universe this is the universe's way of rewarding you for being a fast action taker you always get more than you expect the vip super ticket is one of the most popular aspects of our program it gives you free admission free admission to any single live event of your choice in our 2021 2022 counter and beyond now now there are some restrictions to this. So let me explain these to you really quick if i'm doing a training that involves another trainer there's always a revenue share involved and. So i can't you you can't use the vip ticket uh to cover the full cost event we usually give people a credit towards the price of the event.

But there's only one or two of those that i do year if the course that you want to sign up for has a prerequisite for example. Next month we've got vibrational healing coming up which is an energy healing class that requires you to have killer influence. First you need to satisfy the prerequisite before we can let you in the class okay. And.

Finally if the course is more than seven days. So anything at seven days or less you can use this vip ticket for okay. So this gives you free admission to any single live event outside of what i've just talked about and the way this works is you don't even need to know what event you want to take as long as you have this ticket and your name is in our database if a training comes up that you want to attend all you do is you pick up the phone or you email stephanie say hey stephanie i got this vip ticket on a webinar special i'd like to attend this class she will move you to the head of the line even if the class is full we will make a seat just for you okay. Let's say uh you're planning to come to an event and something happens at the.

Last minute your boss is a and makes you work uh there's a death in the family the government levels new covert restrictions that prohibits you from travel all you got to do is pick up the phone let stephanie know and we will move you to another training you have this vip ticket until you choose to use it i've literally had people get a vip ticket in 2016 and call me in 2020 and say hey i got this vip ticket four years ago is it still good we say come on in okay. One of the best parts about the vip ticket is that once you have this the price point of the event no. Longer matters. So let's say you want to come to an event that is 1497 right.

You show your vip ticket you move to the headline let's say the event you want to come to is 1950. you show your vip ticket you come right. To the head of the line let's say europe or uk opens up we go to do a training over in the uk you bought your ticket well um from america. First right. And the the price point of the the uk training or the european training is in euros which has a higher exchange rate than dollars it doesn't matter you get to have come to the head of the line because the price of the event does not matter let's say you want to share the wealth let's say that you have somebody who would love to come to an event with you you can gift this ticket to somebody else and they can come or you guys can share the ticket and you can each pay half and get a two for one or two for one price right.

Lots of ways that you can utilize this ticket if you have it until you use it it does not expire. So uh let's see sorry i'm getting distracted sometimes by the uh by the chat um see what else what else about that these are awesome like i said um i've literally had people get it to get a get a ticket in 2016 and not call me until 2018 2019 2020 and it's good you have it until you use it it never expires okay. If the if the if the training is sold out we'll find a c um all we ask is that if you know you're coming let us know as soon as possible. So we can prepare the materials for you um try not to show up at the.

Last minute um. But yeah that's what we've got for you. So total value once again if you did all the math we're gonna give this to you absolutely free. So one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value actually it's actually two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value because most of our tradings are two thousand two hundred fifty dollars at the door if for some reason when you go back over our packages and you notice that you have some of these products already let stephanie know and we will uh substitute products out to have a similar or greater price point okay.

So twelve thousand nine hundred thirty dollars total combined value let's review once again total package value twelve thousand nine hundred thirty two dollars what you're getting you're gonna get the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study course in the manual thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars uh identity by design hypnotherapy home study course fourteen hundred and ninety seven dollar value we're gonna give that to you absolutely free uh hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery home study course fourteen hundred ninety seven dollars we're going to give you that absolutely free as well the stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol buy it at 1 950. we're going to give that to you absolutely free renegade reframing how to over come objections and conversational belief change one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we give it to you absolutely free uh nlp power mastermind mentoring program plus the archive 594 dollar value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course 997 value absolutely free and. Finally you're going to get that vip super ticket your choice of any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar and beyond total value is actually one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value it's actually two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value. But we're going to give it to you absolutely free uh if you have any questions about what the vip ticket covers and what it does not reach out to stephanie at eight five eight 282 4663 please leave your name and number if the line is busy okay. So again you get it all for one low installment today of just 9.97 or you can break that up into three easy payments of just 3.97 all you got to do to get yours is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious it's www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious and i'm going to go ahead and give you guys a few minutes we're going to do a restroom break when we come back we're going to um we're going to start teaching you a little bit more about the universal persuasion protocols we're going to teach you about the primary encoding systems the proprioceptive grid and how to begin making changes okay.

So let's take a while you're clicking those links clicking those links clicking those links let's take a seven minute break actually let's take a eight minute break ah just come back at 605. all right. 605 pm my time. So that's roughly uh seven minutes that should be more than enough time for most of us to urinate or whatever if you have questions please post them in the chat uh veterans if you've been around for a while feel free to answer any questions people have when we come back we're going to go ahead and start going through some processes to reprogram our subconscious mind and move forward with our lives okay. So again i'll see you at 605. your mama asked a really a really great question and it was it was.

So good i actually kind of wanted to answer this on on the camera yes. Can i use this skill set for health 1 000 in fact one of the interesting things about the identity by design process is that it actually started out as a an inner game workshop for aspiring pickup artists. But the power of the transformations that it caused was. So massive that we decided to start using it clinically and when we started throwing this thing at terminal illness uh anxieties traumas phobias uh you know tumors started shrinking in minutes um people who had scoliosis pain for 20 30 40 50 40 some years went away in five minutes um it was crazy.

So um most of what i've been doing clinically normally has been utilizing these exact processes for health and for healing. But there's. So much more there's. So much more you can do with it.

But yes. The the the short answer is absolutely um my students many of whom are on this webinar tonight have used this to take away pains and aches and really serious health conditions we've had at least five or six documented cases of of people utilizing these processes to fix neuropathy right. Where cells literally are i've stopped you know because of circulation because of brain trauma or whatever there's no. Sensation they take it out they spin it they put it back in the feeling comes back right.

Um. So you know even though we're talking about reprogramming the subconscious mind there is nothing there is nothing in you that your unconscious mind does not influence and. So once you understand how the system works because the system's designed around synergy it's designed for all the divisions of the nervous system to work together using a language that all of those parts of you understand. So thanksgiving means i can use it for relationship with my negative husband yes.

Okay. You may want to to reach out to us by phone um in terms of um what techniques to use what strategy what's the context and the scenario. But the short answer is yes. Uh you can use this absolutely to deal with negative people right.

The fastest way to become effective with negative people is by fixing your own. First by the way um. So the short answer is yes. The the the package that we're dealing with gives you both the mindset side and the skill set side.

So if you've got issues with negative people the reframing the conversational the the cpi level one these are all things that will synergistically give you the ability to change the situation right. There's always two there's always a lot of variables mo the one thing you have the most control over is you. So we're going to give you the maximum amount of control over you. So you can manage those other variables in the most powerful and effective way possible that's what the course is about okay.

And. Then depending on what you want to learn. Next that would reach out to us because what we do is we always tell people before you decide to get any package or jump into a program reach out to us because our job is to mentor you it's it's to guide you to to show you the least number of courses to take to get from where you are to where you want to be because if you've been to our website we've got 20 30 40 products on there easily it's easy to get lost it's easy to get overwhelmed. But once we know your chosen application where you want to focus like normal wants to focus on health um uh who are we looking at whose name is this here um and some people want to work with husbands and wives that's fine you can do that right.

But again things are targeted can i make a skype call yeah you can you can do skype calls just again reach out to stephanie and she'll she'll direct you about and she'll point you in the direction of where to go okay. All right. Um any other questions about the packages before um before we move on okay. Cool.

So again if you're on the fence these are us i just i just found out these are going really quick i don't know how many of those 15 slots are left. So go to www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious before they're all gone okay. And again all the products are completely worth it at full price. But if you want the biggest bang for your buck plus that vip ticket i recommend you go ahead and click that link.

So we can move on. So that being said take a moment and after you finish doing your thing with stephanie or whatever take a moment do me a favor type in the chat what you want to focus on. Next what do you want to learn about. Next do you have a specific area of application that we can target these things for [Music] um okay.

Um real quick shout out to i'm going to answer this one live uh patricia hampton asks i'm out of touch with my unconscious mind. So i'm susceptible to covert hypnosis i am being gaslighted how can i stop this the. First thing you got to do patricia and this goes for anybody who's ever felt like they've kind of been on the receiving end of a gaslighting tactic or a narcissistic manipulation or something of that nature there's two aspects to that. First is self-awareness you have to know yourself well enough to calibrate when things are being externally imposed on you versus internally generated narcissists and other forms of manipulators are extremely good at making you believe certain things about yourself right.

But that information is coming from outside of you right. So if you have a strong sense of personal identity you know what your boundaries your beliefs are which goes back to that hierarchy we talked about at the beginning of the webinar. Then you're much more able to protect your boundaries and recognize when they're being violated the. Second piece is you need tools not only do you need an awareness of yourself you must have the will to resist you must have the will to fight back right.

So again you you have that awareness part coming up you must have that identity side down which again cover is covered in in this in this webinar as well as the package that we're talking about right. And. Then. Finally you need the tools to fight back all right.

It's not enough to want to fight back many times you have to have the how and that's where your conversational hypnosis and your your conversational tactics that we teach in the. Second half of of of the training will come into help you'll have that universal persuasion protocol. So you'll automatically understand where people are coming from what's happening below the surface how to align people's emotions in the direction you want them to go and how to speak to them in a way that makes you more of their ally and. Then.

Finally you'll have these 14 conversational reframe patterns that will allow you to deflect or um reorient any verbal assault that you're given you'll be able to commit any objection with any argument. So this is again one of the one of the most powerful aspects of the the whole package that we talked about again i'm not going to talk about the package anymore we're going to get back into the training. But this is a question that you asked. So i'm just going to show you that there's two aspects to this the reason people can manipulate you is a because of there's the the weak boundaries and b um the lack of the leaked sense of self right.

Because there are certain achilles heels that they zero in on and they know that these are touch points for you once you understand what how to find them and clean them up they lose their ability to manipulate you they no. Longer have the same emotional impact and you also have the relentless resolve to push back and that's going to make you more powerful in the long term okay. Uh let's see here norm says i want to make payments. But paypal check out okay.

Stephanie can help you with that normally okay. Um. So let me see here uh going back to the questions the trend says echo talk with work with college students okay. A veteran okay.

Ryobel uh yes. It's fair joyful feeling okay. Can i use this to cure claustrophobia yes. Codependency yes.

Uh as nazi says joyful feeling yes. It's fair do you your associates do handwriting analysis i do handwriting analysis raya okay. So i answered that live done answer live done i'm going back over your questions because i told you i would done done and done okay. Perfect all right.

See what else we got here can i reverse past wrong beliefs yes. Let's see here um law of attraction is independent all right. Can i become better at chess yes. You can peter chang says okay.

Um want to make payment all right. Okay. Let's see here what would self-hypnosis be good for would would be good to use it for mindset change yes. In fact the entire the entire uh secrets of personality transformation course is actually a self-hypnosis training course it's designed to help you write your own ticket okay.

I'd like to learn how to connect with emotions okay. All right. So let's start with let's go back to our universal persuasion sorry i've got my webinars mixed up my apologies all right. So let's go back to this.

So the. First thing we want to talk about is how to dialogue with your own unconscious mind okay. When we start to unpack problems and issues very often what happens is people confuse conscious responses with unconscious responses they expect that their unconscious mind is going to come communicate with them the same way their conscious mind does okay. And it's actually not the case and this is why a lot of times how many of us how many of you here are actually uh therapists of some kind or another if you're a therapist or something like that go ahead and type that in the chat therapist coach what have you music 80 says does spinning work for panic issues or changing beliefs it can't it's just a matter of when you do it when the problems with spinning is that it's it's predicated on an ability to follow instructions okay.

If you have enough conscious resources or cognitive resources let me jump out of this really quick in terms of spinning if you have enough cognitive capacity to actually do the process spinning will work. However if you're in full-blown panic mode where you've lost conscious control of your body okay. You have to get that back. First and.

So that's almost always going to result in some kind of physical physiology based technique usually changing your posture changing your breathing and holding it okay. It's going to you've got to get that physical equilibrium back. So that your mind can follow an instruction. But you'll be amazed at how again and it also depends on whether you are working by yourself or somebody's there to guide you if you have somebody to guide you through a process you can be on the on the on the the knife edge of losing control completely and still get powerful change right.

If you're working solo you need to be able to disidentify or go meta to the problem. So what do i mean by that if we go back to this map of the hierarchy of beliefs hold on where is it here we go this higher oh man it's a mess isn't it this is why i always have to make sure all my stuff is erased okay. So you see here on this map there's a hierarchical structure right. We we told you top controls bottom right.

If we go back to body centered programming there we go we look. At this this map here this is a map of that proprioceptive grid that we played with earlier remember i said point to where you feel it reach out and touch it this is what how i envision it now you'll notice when we point it to where we feel it reach out and touch it right. We point it out to a little object out here right. We pointed to something in our body we used our hand and we reached out and we connected our internal and our external you see what it says right.

Here disidentified dissociated 100 associated or identified here's a very very very important principle when it comes to any form of self-directed trans work you must if you want to gain control of something you must disidentify from it okay. Um. So what do i mean by that that means that you have to be above it one of the biggest challenges that people have when they're trying to work on themselves is many times they're cognitively at the same level as the problem and. So they can't quite get this the i'm sorry i don't know why this keeps skipping around like this right.

[Music] many times they can't get at the problem the soviet sports psychologist in a book. Called red gold discovered was that anything you identify with controls you anything you disidentify from you gain control over now what does that mean practically i see people believing they are less than the problem yes. Okay. So if you go back to that hierarchy of beliefs right.

You had the trans-personal or spiritual you had identity level you had beliefs and values you had uh capabilities you had um all the way down to environment right. Okay. The higher up you go on the scale the more control you have over things believe. But the identity level is where all of our problems tend to start in nlp we have this this concept known as confusions of logical levels what does that mean if you've ever heard people say i'm just not good at things like that or um i'm a fat person or i'm a smoker or i always do this right.

I always have this uh what you're hearing anytime you hear a sentence beginning with an i am sentence i am an accountant i am uh a vest wearer i am a fat person i am fat i am lazy i am i am i am i am what you are hearing through the through the techniques of the of their their split their speech which is always a map of how people think by the way the words that come out of a person's mouth is a direct map for the structure of their thoughts once you understand how to interpret it. But we we we bypass that in most cases and go right. To the meat suit which is a much more powerful system and there's less links in the chain okay. We can do a lot of the things i'm sharing with you we can do them conversationally.

But it's much faster to hit them through the body and change it that way. So this is again when people come to the webinar like this they want to make a change they don't want to spend six hours learning a series of words that they hope will make a change pardon me they want to make a change. So um. So when we're dealing with nlp we're dealing with two sets of language you're dealing with spoken language and you're dealing with body language and when i say the language of the nervous system we go if we go right.

To the language of the nervous system we create the deepest level of change the fastest which is what people want okay. Yes. It's conversationally possible uh through 45 minutes or an hour of talking to make a tiny change or you can do it in two minutes just pointing to where you feel it reaching out and touching it which would you rather do. But this concept that we're getting into now interacts with the structures we talked about earlier this idea of identification versus disidentification anything we identify with our body will fight to keep.

So when people say i am a smoker or i am obese i am i am i am what you're hearing is an identity statement what that means is in many cases they have confused something that they are with something that they do. So going again i'm going to show you this this map really quick once again because i'm going to keep hopping back to it because i want you to really understand this when people say i am that belief is here. But more often than not what you'll hear is i'm a smoker well smoking is not an identity a smoking smoking is a behavior and. So what's happened is what what has happened is what nlp likes to call a confusion of logical levels where you've taken something you do and assumed it's something you are.

So here's a real quick linguistic technique for you to fix an issue with logical levels remember i said many times people have a difference between mindset and a skill set well that's also it's it's very very similar in structure to the difference between a belief of identity and a belief of behaviors. So people say i'm a smoker all right. Think uh let's pick something that has been let's do this okay. You all have a j you all have something you do for money right.

True or false right. So i want you to say this i want you to say to yourself i am a master hypnotist i am a master image or i am an accountant i am a teacher i am a coach whatever it is right. I am tired very good okay. Right.

Well here's the thing now i want you to i want you to change the phrase notice how that makes you feel when you say those things right. Right. Notice how it makes you feel when you say i am a to yourself right. And now change it to a behavior say i do hypnosis i do smoke uh i do overeat notice how that changes your how you feel about the issue and type in the chat what happened in your mind when you did that right.

Do is outside i am inside excellent very good. First was the power feeling right. So let's take this one step further now i want you to say this i am my memories i am my memories to say it out loud to yourself notice how it makes you feel i am my memories okay. Now i want you to say something different i want you to say i have memories and i am more than my memories i have memories and i am more than my memories what did you notice when you did that again this is experiential if you don't do this you won't understand that feels better why does it feel better what happened that caused you to feel better empowerment felt different right.

Metaphorically speaking what happened to you i felt like i took. Something back yes. What happened to you if we want to look. At this from a identity identity versus a lack of identity level is when you say i am my memories that means these are the same right.

This is the sum total of who you are the moment you say i have memories this happens you are now more than that it liberates you you changed perspective spatially and here's the thing you need to understand that this linguistic process taps into spatial memory which is the oldest most powerful memory that you have this is why we keep accessing spatial locations around our body your spatial memory is. Next to your reptile brain the oldest most well-developed part of you okay. So the moment you say i have you you go meta you rise above or you expand to be bigger than the one issue right. So one of the things that has to happen that happens i am not my body i'm not even the mind yes.

So how do we how do we hack this process how do we hack this process and um part of this comes from nlp part of this comes from russian sports psychology some of this comes from chronic healing and part of it comes from me. So this is how we do it in terms of uh mindset human beings labor under two big delusions that relate directly to this proprioceptive grid the. First is that your memories are real in other words that your memories are in fact the thing they're recordings of they're not they're imperfect recordings of things that only happen to you once you have a primary experience your body records it it's done it's gone in the in the midst of time what you have is this recording that you keep referring to and relating to and human beings labor under the delusion that their memories are the sum total of who they are which is why a lot of times they fight to keep their memories the same because they believe that if they change that memory they're going to change who they are and they'll stop being that person well that's kind of why you're here is you want to be somebody better right. Here's the thing we need to understand about memories memories are not accurate they are imperfect recordings of something that happened to you once and every time you reconstruct the memory in other words every time you remember it because you don't remember things you reconstruct them they change.

So the memories you have of an event that you're struggling to hold on to are not even accurate rep and this is the neuroscience you don't have to believe me go look. Up the neuroscience the memories that you have are not even accurate depictions of the things you think you had. So here's the thing i want to ask you if the memories that you have aren't even accurate recordings of the things that happen to you and they're constantly changing. Anyway why not change them to something that makes your life better wouldn't that make sense why don't we because we believe that our memories are us.

But they're not that's like saying the books behind me or my your dvd collection at home is the sum total of all of that you are it's simply not the case you are. So much more than your memories you're. So much more than your emotions you're. So much more than your behaviors you're even more than your identity say this to yourself i have an identity.

But i'm more than my identity i have a personality. But i'm more than my personality i have limiting beliefs. But i am more than my limiting beliefs notice what happens when you say those things to yourself and type in the chat what you notice i'm empowered excellent changing how our past impacts are now in future excellent a change right. All you did was change the way you ordered things you just played with that hierarchy of beliefs that we just talked about right.

But the beautiful part is separation of feelings from identity perfect if you want to become more than any problem that you face the linguistic mantra that you use is say i have x and i am more than x or i have x. But i'm more than x both will work i have x. But i am more than x you with me. So far i have x.

But i am more than x. So let's say you see you come in and you say okay. I'm fat i'm overweight well. First thing that the.

First red flag that should go off say i am that's an identity statement being overweight is not is not an identity it's a behavior right. If you're overweight because you eat too much or you don't exercise enough right. So change the i am statement to a chunk down and. Then you say i'm overweight i i i have excess fat.

But i'm more than my my weight problem right. I'm more than my weight issue right. Okay. Some people will feel a lot from this some people won't right.

I'm not a big fan of lingua as even though i build myself as one of the world's leading experts on conversational hypnosis it's the. Last thing i teach my students because most people don't have it's a learning curve once you get it you gotta you've got a superpower. But it's much faster to just go through the body. So don't worry if you didn't feel a lot from the linguistic side of this because when we start tackling the proprioceptive grid which is where we're going um you're going to feel some right.

And again with when you're dealing with nervous systems and encoding systems like this the more you do it the more plastic the system becomes. So the. First limiting delusion that people work from is that their memories are who they are that their memories are real they're not okay. You are the way you are because of the way you've been relating to and playing the recordings of those events.

But you have permission and the ability to change them in any way that you want and we're going to practice that in a few minutes okay. I've got a few things i want to go over. But you know foundationally that i want you to have uh and. Then we're gonna do a group exercise together okay.

Um the. Next thing i want to talk about is the. Second big limiting delusion is um that you are your memories or that your um their memories are real and you're yeah i cover them both the the. First one is that your memories are real that they are in fact the things that happen to you and they aren't the.

Second one is that your memories are you you are way more than that the soviet sports psychologists uh there's a book. Out there called red gold you've been i've been talking about it for years what they discovered was that anything you can disidentify from you gain control over anything that you identify with controls you. So if you are talking to yourself in identity statements like i'm angry i'm a wire i am lazy you've identified with the process of being lazy which means it now controls you. But the moment you separate from that you go meta to it you gain control over it this is one of the biggest problems that we have when we're doing self-work because sometimes it's very difficult for us to experientially go meta to rise above our problem this is why many times it's actually more useful to have someone like myself or holly or stephanie or seth or any of the allegra or any of the people on on this call guide you through these processes right.

Because they're automatically going to allow you to be more meta to the problem are y'all with me today. So far on this now the. Next piece is remember regardless of where you are at on that hierarchy of beliefs whether you're at the trans-personal level the spiritual level the identity level the values and beliefs level the capabilities level behaviors all the way down to uh environment all of your beliefs are built from the same brick and mortar they're built from let me put a page here visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory data. So what does this mean well let's play a little game how many of you can feel good for no.

Friggin reason type it in the chat how many of you can feel good for no. Freaking reason okay. So here's what we're gonna do i want you to close your eyes. And again this is a this is an exercise to introduce you to the primary encoding system the vast majority of the things that you're going to be experiencing and eliciting in yourself you're not going to need to use them.

But it's important it's important for you to understand okay. So close your eyes. I want you to think back to a time in your life when you saw something that you really really really want it i mean on a scale of zero to ten and had like a lust factor of 50 right. I want you to remember that moment when you realized that that was something that you really wanted what were you seeing in that moment what were you hearing what were you smelling what were you tasting what were you feeling notice there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it and if there were a picture floating in this floating in the space around you that represented that amazing feeling feeling you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it go ahead take your other hand reach out and touch it when you've got that trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is okay. Now i'm going to ask you some questions about that picture i just want you to make mental notes to the answers to the questions i'm going to ask you i want you to focus in on all the visual attributes of that picture is the picture in color or is it in black and white is it moving or is it still is it fuzzy or is it clear is it one-dimensional two-dimensional or three-dimensional are you in the picture or are you seeing it like you're looking at it through a. First person perspective okay. Take a moment make a mental note of those things and if you have if you want to you can jot them down on a piece of paper right.

Now i want you to folk tune in now to all the sound aspects in that picture that you pointed to is there sound or isn't there are there voices is there a loud is it loud is it soft is it quiet does it move are there multiple sources of sound right. Make mental notes of those if you want to jot them down go ahead all right. Next piece focus on the feelings do they move are they strong are they weak do they do they stay in one spot is it hot is it cold is it is it sharp is it dull is it sweet is it sour right. What are the attributes of the feelings is it in one space more than another right.

Make a mental note of those right. And when you've done that we're just going to work with three the three three of the five just for the sake of time when you've done that just go type done in the chat excellent now just for fun i want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something that you were presented with. But it just kind of left you completely neutral right. I want you to remember that moment see what you saw hear what you heard smell and taste what you smell and you taste notice that when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's a feeling that you get somewhere in your body a feeling of ne right.

Point to where you feel that take your other hand there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that thing picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it go ahead and trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is when you've done that focus on the visual attributes focus on the visual attributes of that picture is it color or black and white is it moving or is it still. First person or. Second person right.

What other visual attributes come to your attention make a mental note of those okay. Now tune in to the sound aspect what do you hear do you hear anything is there no. Sound is there sound are there voices is there tonality is there speed is how fast is the voice are the sounds in multiple places right. What do you what do you hear right.

Make notes of that and. Then. Finally tap into the feelings are there where in the field where are the feelings in your body do they move do they stay in one spot are they sharp are they dull right. Once you've got that i want you to just go ahead make a mental note jot that stuff down.

So you can reference it. Later and. Then what i want you to do is simply think about what you had for breakfast yesterday when you've done that go ahead and in your mind call up both pictures side by side side by side and what i'd like you to do now is i'd like you to compare them compare the visual attributes of the thing you were lusting after versus the visual attributes of the thing that was me how are they different how are they different once you've got all the differences down tune in to the sounds look. At all this the auditory attributes of that picture of the thing you want all the auditory attributes of the thing that was me right.

And. Then what i want you to do tap into the focus in on the feeling aspects how are they the same how they're different notice how they're different and here's what i want you to play with now just for fun i want you to go ahead and take all the visual attributes of the thing that was meh and change them to match the visual attributes of the thing you lusted after right. So if the the thing you lusted after was crystal clear. First person make the thing that was met crystal clear in.

First person right. Go through all the visual attributes of the thing that was meh and change it to the thing that was oh my god i want that right. Once you've done that all i want you to do is listen to the thing that was meh focus and tune in to all the auditory attributes and make them match the thing that was making you salivate that made you want that right. And change it take all the time you need the.

Next couple minutes to do that this is just a quick again a quick introduction to the primary encoding system we actually don't need to use as much of this as we're using to get change. But i want you to understand how deep this wall goes and. Finally focus in on the kinesthetics the feeling attributes of the thing that was meh compare it to the feelings the feelings and the kinesthetics of the thing goes oh my god i want that right. And make the meh feeling attributes match the lust factor attributes all right.

Then what i want you to do when that's done when you've done all those three things i want you to go ahead and reach up shrink the meh feeling down to the size of a postage stamp move it across into the location where the lustful feeling was the thing you wanted more than anything else and expand the picture and notice what happens and type in the chat what you notice and you can physically move it use your hands and physically move it what do you notice tingles the exercise is too fast for me okay. And everybody else is in trance big change change is better it gets better lindsey says ah right. What happened to the thing that was met is it meh anymore weird right. Right.

Okay. You see this primary encoding system is how still pretty man no. Man okay. Perfect all right.

So let's think about uh something that on a scale of how does this work for auditory digitals uh same way you just change the you change the digital attributes around auditory is kind of a combination of visual and auditory ability to change meant to yet now you think that might be useful if uh you're you're having trouble getting motivated to do something my limited stem is removed to the right. Hemisphere okay. So when we go back to our um our screen here let me see. So we have we have time for one more exercise uh.

But before i go into it i just want to review um is this useful by the way very okay. Okay. Good now here's the nice part about this for the vast majority of change work that you want to do you don't need to get that complicated it doesn't need to be that complicated in fact if you can point to where you feel it reach out and touch it you can pretty much change whatever you want. But if you want to start changing values changing beliefs are like identity beliefs and things of that nature you're probably going to want to drill down a little bit more on the primary encoding system the va kog right.

But for the vast majority of things that hold us back all we need to do is point to where we feel it reach out and touch it and notice the location okay. So for this. Next exercise what we're going to do is we're going to actually find a limiting belief that we want to change right. So um and what i want you to do is on a scale of zero to ten i want you to think of something that holds you back and as you think about it you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell you taste the point where you feel it if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to find it trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is reach out and grab it make the picture bigger notice what happens to the feeling in your body make the picture smaller back to its original size notice what happens to the feeling in your body pull the picture closer to you notice what happens to the feeling put the picture back now here's what i'd like you to do imagine a big black frame right. Around that image and if you now you probably see you remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. But i'd like you to feel along the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style touch screen or remote control or on a style television i want you to find the knob that controls the brightness turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the image all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel and decide which one you like better whatever it is if you like it all the way to the right.

Turn it all the way right. So the image whites out if you like it black turned all the way to the black now take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters using the index finger of your dominant hand i want you to write across that right. Of that white it out or blacked out screen everything this experience had to teach you everything that your belief system was trying to do for you write those lessons across that white out or blacked out screen and glowing golden letters. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what's right.

And they just start writing like crazy some people have no. Clue what to write. But the unconscious mind is a part of you that always knows. So let that finger just like automatic writing let's start writing and some people just draw squiggles some people draw pictures some people write you you you across the screen right.

Some people write with both hands simultaneously writing chinese and hebrew at the same time. However your body does it just keep writing. So you can keep all those lessons and let everything else go now as people write many times feelings and emotions come up when they come up write them on the screen put them on the screen as they come up they come out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it solve dissolved and resolve from the body solve dissolved and resolve from the mind for all the right. Reasons just keep writing until you know everything that needs to be kept is on that screen and everything else has been let go when you know you're done reach up with both of your hands physically shrink that picture down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes your unconscious mind begins moving that image back behind you back beyond the horizon until it disappears completely you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail or the nail guns pumping those those uh those nails in i want you to hear that picture nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back test it try to bring that old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead go ahead and type your experiences in the chat tell me what you discovered just started laughing sandra says relief tears and laughter very good lisa relief excellent jose clearer allegra says lindsay faith says direction solace and self-reliance love that okay.

Lindsay says she feels bubbly yay bubbly laughing as well as feeling lighter perfect here's the thing we need to understand about beliefs a there isis says whoa feels better in my body absolutely this is the difference by the way for those of you who weren't feeling a lot on the conversational stuff the linguistic stuff this is why i go to the body. First because if you change your body everything else changes too and everything that the body expresses is coded in va kog it comes back quick okay. Then you've got some other lessons that you need to work on right. Um okay.

So here's how it works okay. So. So for some of you you've probably got a lot more stuff to clear okay. There's probably some other reasons for holding on that you have to unpack those all right.

So now how does this work for us if you can point to where you feel it you can change it right. Uh let's see what i want to go with you now okay. So the reason i wanted to share with you point where you feel reach out and touch it is because when we start making change and acting out the change work we engage more and more of our neurology okay. If you've ever read the book.

Uh the body keeps the score by bezel vander kulk he's done a lot of the groundbreaking research on this neural linguistics aside. So here's what we want to do now is we're going to go through a process we call it the control room uh and before we do that and this is where we're going to actually take this id the pain in my left shoulder feels more sharp okay. Did it move maria by the way by the way one of the things that always happens i always tell people when you when you do these exercises especially on a group exercise like this pick something that on a scale of zero to ten has about a a difficulty level of three to you know two to three. But people pick godzilla they always go for the tens.

So tens have always usually take multiple repetitions or something like that unless i'm just yeah okay. So here's what we're gonna do um we talked about let me show you how this is organized. So you guys can do some of this on your own if we go back to you know what let me do this i got. So much i want to download into you for those of you who um are on the fence about certain things or in case you joined us late we do have a special offer our total package is our um secrets of personality transformation universal mind control training package it's a 14 video set that has the seven stage identity by design system it's a 2497 value comes with the online nlp power mastermind mentoring program uh the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1497. the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery home study course 1497 value the stealth cpi level one universal persuasion protocol valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars renegade reframing and objection obliteration speed conversational belief change one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value and for those of you who are under knowing the.

First 15 to register the stealth instant conversation that notes is crash course for those you want to learn tonight hypnotize people tomorrow it's 997 dollar value uh the fast action nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group trial by 594 dollars and the three the free vip super ticket to get you into any single live event valued at 1 950 total value for this package if you want to take advantage of it before i sign off for tonight is 12 932 total value you can get it all for just one loan installment of just 997 or if you like you can break that up into three easy payments of 397 each all you got to do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash go to take advantage of that remember this offer goes away when i log off the webinar. So go ahead and click that link. So gm says what should i be feeling after throwing stamp size belief over my shoulder that's a great question jim a lot of people think that they have to have crystal clear visualizations in order to do this you don't you just got to know where is if you could point if you're reaching out and touching even if you're only seeing a murky confused blurry mess that's good enough okay. Because we're dealing with uh multiple systems at the same time uh let's see here.

So yeah going back to this process. So here's what we're gonna do. Next when we um where's my here we go that's not what i want i'm sorry it's a little hot in here and it's making me a little whiffy. So just bear with me here um going back to this this here here's the map i want you to understand okay.

Anything that's in front of you how many of you noticed when you reached out to touch something it was always in front of you right. Any any file in your system that's open active and running is almost always here and the reason for that is neurologically your your body encodes issues that it hasn't fully resolved yet in front of you kind of like your desktop anything that travels behind you your nervous system classifies as overdone and complete okay. So the further the moment something passes the physical boundary of your body you become more and more associated into it as it passes through you which is how emotions are supposed to work and it starts to move away it gets less and less intense okay. Whether you believe it or not this that works for 99 of the people out there with some small variations.

But not enough to make a difference. So what happened is when you took. That thing that was bothering you and you made it smaller and. Then you moved it behind you your neurology classified it as over and done you can always go back and get it if you want it.

But the further you move down through this process the more disidentified or dissociated you become from the event the primary distinction being anything behind you is done now if you stop for a moment if you stop for a moment and think about language for a moment when people describe um resolving issues what are some of the most common ways that they describe it don't they say i gotta get past this i got to get over this i got to get around to this right. Well think about something if we get over something if i'm standing this way something's in front of me and i get over it where does it end up if something if there's something i need to get past it's in front of me isn't it put this behind me very good right. If i get past something where does it end up right. Getting around to something putting it behind me all of these are spatial spatial metaphors.

So literally what happens in your neurology is when your neurology codes something as done on an archetypal assembly line level it automatically moves things behind you okay. So this is why when you shrunk it down and moved it behind you for most of you how many of you noticed when you made the pictures bigger the feelings tended to get bigger how many of you noticed when you made the picture smaller the feelings tended to get smaller now a small portion of you probably had the inverse you made the picture bigger the feeling got smaller you made the picture smaller the feeling got more intense right. That's just the nuance of your coding system right. This is the this is the system that you're working with.

But we have to connect and this is why i don't like to use language as the primary um we need to connect the interoceptive systems of the body with the exterior systems and by the proprioception with the interoception. So we point where we feel that we reach out and touch it now all the systems of the body are integrated using a language everything understands now by manipulating the construct out in front of us we manipulate the body feelings which tells us how to make the change if we make a feeling big a picture bigger and our feeling gets stronger and it's what we want more of we keep it if we make a picture bigger and the bad feeling gets worse we make it smaller. So we play with our own system that's why i had you play with your own neurology earlier we call it the frame game right. Because once you understand the dynamics of this system you can change anything you can point to the rest is just repetition with a playful explorational energy does that make sense type in the chat if it makes sense okay.

So what we're going to do now is i'm going to guide you through a group exercise now this particular exercise is not one that i normally do okay. This is called the control room okay. So how many of you have ever seen a movie like the avengers or iron man or minority report right. You guys remember like when tony stark is like deacon he walks into his computer and he's got this hologram all around him where he's blowing images up just deconstructing or exploding images putting things back together you guys all seen those scenes right.

Guess where the inspiration for that came from for these holographic from your interverte it came from your nervous system it came from this because isn't that what you were doing when you yes. Ben affleck in paycheck exactly right. For those of you who remember those movies right. If you imagine yourself in the center of this big virtual reality computer and all of a sudden all these images that you're reaching out and touching they make a little bit more sense don't they you know people like to say that human beings are like computers that's actually wrong computers are becoming more and more like human beings right.

We had it. First right. Your cell phone when you make a picture bigger on your cell phone that's no. Different than when you make a picture bigger and you're proprioceptive field the difference is who had it.

First human beings are always creating technology that mirrors at some level what we're doing with our neurology and. So we have these really cool metaphors that allow us to take control of our neurology in much different ways. So in this exercise we're going to do a little bit of a house clearing in this exercise i want you to imagine that you're sitting in the center of this big virtual reality computer and all the stuff that you want to work with is floating in the space around you. So there's going to be things that you want more of and things you want less of right.

So here's how it works when you fee when some when you look. At one of those images floating around you point to where you feel it reach out and touch it decide if it's something you want more of or something you want less of if it's something you want less of white it out put a frame around it shrink it down the size of a postage stamp move it behind you nail it back there if it's something you want more of again here are the instructions if it's something you want more of point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of the picture with both of your hands make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down put it in the place that gives you the exact feeling you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it okay. Fix it into place feel the energy flow from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream and every place that blood flows those feelings go does it matter if it's in the left or right. Side no.

What matters is how it makes you feel okay. There's certain human beings have many different levels of coding systems what we are working with right. Now is the coding system that is most true for the vast majority of people from the time they're born now you develop different kinds of coding systems as time goes on we're not going to worry about those because as you get further and further along they get less or less primal we want to deal with primal systems because they affect everything fast okay. And at the level of of data that we're processing right.

Now there is no. Distinction between a physical pain and an emotional one your neurology's going to process it the same way okay. That's not nlp that's not psychology that's neuroscience that's medical science okay. So you guys ready to play a little bit yes.

Or yes. Okay. I want you again a couple of caveats a this is going to be a group exercise i'm going to talk to you as if i'm doing it one-on-one. However some of you will do this really fast some of you will do this a little slower than others some of you'll be right.

With me and that's okay. Just do what i say follow my instructions to the best of your really trust your unconscious mind to take in the information and act on it accordingly okay. Have fun with it enjoy yourself if if i bring people out and you're still throwing in the fire or doing whatever that's fine right. Come out when you're ready.

However because this is a trance process it will be an eyes. Closed trans process for most of you you are not to do this process in any way shape or form while you are driving operating heavy machinery or engaged in any activity that involves your full and undivided attention okay. You have complete control over the process you can come into it or out of it anytime you want you can revisit the process as many times as you want to do further work is that okay. Does everybody understand me with that in mind do you promise and swear that you will do this work to the best do this process with me to the best of your ability with the attitude of i love this process and i know it's gonna work okay.

Very good. So here's what i'd like you to close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart all i want you to do is relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sound you hear other than the sounds of my voice are simply the sounds of your environment or mind they're not going to disturb you they're not going to distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you remind you reinforce inside your mind and body and soul the fact that you're completely safe that no. Matter how far inside you travel no.

Matter how deep inside your mind and body and soul you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions obey my commands because you realize that everything i say and everything i do is for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids and i want you to keep relaxing them relax them more and more and more until they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore until they're.

So relaxed in fact you couldn't actually open them without putting tension back into them and when you're satisfied you're convinced they're. So relaxed that they just don't want to work anymore all i want you to do is give them a quick test just to be sure and when you're satisfied stop testing float that level of relaxation from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart just let go perfect now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we've been relaxing your body we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter z with each and every breath you take in each and every beat of your heart starting with the letter z all i want you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them if you will to become smaller and darker and harder to see turn the volume all the way down down down deeper and deeper down down down now obviously i can't do this for you only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're gone and you're as deeply relaxed in your mind as you are in your body all i want you to do is allow your head to nod with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the.

Next part of our process now as you go through this process many of you will be right. With me in real time many of you will be going at your own pace many of you will be floating ahead or speeding ahead because you know the drill. However you do it is perfectly okay. As long as your unconscious can hear my voice your unconscious can follow my instructions and obey the commands in its own way in its own time to get the results that you came here for for all the right.

Reasons your reasons now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to use that amazing imagination of yours that i know you have in a moment i'm going to ask you if you can imagine something for me i'm wondering if you can imagine a place a place that was. So wonderful a place that is. So nurturing.

So nourishing. So forgiving. So protective. So safe in every conceivable way that no.

Negativity of any kind could exist there for even a fraction of a. Second without being immediately vaporized or turned into its opposite i'm curious i'm wondering if you could imagine what a place like that might be like when you do that when you're in that place what might you see what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you're truly safe and the best part is that there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from go ahead and point to where you feel i'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm curious i'm wondering what color colors that might be for you. First impression whatever it is imagine a beautiful ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of safety a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all threats all negativities real or imaginable at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply when you know you've got that i want you to breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you know you've got that and you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing because in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to use that amazing imagination of yours once again in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to count from one to three when i reach the number three i'm going to snap my fingers when i snap my fingers you're going to find yourself in a very interesting place it's a dome shaped room with pearly gray walls and you're at the center of this amazing room and as i snap my fingers floating in the space around you are images squares colored squares of energy that represent things that you like things you want more of and things that you're ready to get rid of things that you're ready to reprocess in new ways and just like tony stark with his virtual reality computer or ben affleck in paycheck or the avengers reminder or tom cruise in minority report you can reach out and you can play and deconstruct and you can expand and contract and make them smaller and move them around and notice how each and every time that you do that the feelings in your body shift and change and we're going to work together we're going to walk through a process of reorganizing your personal internal virtual desktop we call this the control panel one feel yourself entering that amazing space that dome-shaped room with pearly gray walls two feel yourself settling into a comfortable control panel chair and on the.

Next count all of those images can begin to appear around you and three look. Around you and notice as you look. At it with your inner eyes. You can see all the positive stuff and all the less than positive stuff and when you're ready i want you to reach out and touch one of those images that represents a less than positive belief or memory experience as you touch it notice there's a place in your body where the feeling connected to that image that's that shape that picture floating in the space around you is located and point to where you feel that.

Then when you're ready take both of your hands trace the outline of that less than positive belief or memory or image i want you to make it bigger make it smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change and when you're. Finally ready to get rid of it to reprocess it to move it out of your mind and body forever in a way that's appropriate for you to refile it in a new location i want you to put a big thick black frame around that picture feel along the base of the frame you're going to notice little dials like knobs and switches on an old style television i want you to turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely and notice how that makes you feel and turn the image all the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide which one you like better whichever one it is turn the knob to the appropriate setting and take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters go ahead and write across that image that whited out screen of that blacked out screen everything that this experience this memory this idea had to teach you positive or negative. So you can keep all those lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what to write some people have no.

Conscious idea. But the best part is there's a part of you that always knows. So some people just let that finger start writing like automatic writing some people draw pictures some people draw squiggles some people write with both hands simultaneously like writing chinese or hebrew at the same time every now and. Then somebody gets rebellious writes you you you across the screen that's okay.

However your body does it just keep writing if emotions and feelings come up put them on that screen and just keep writing and when you know they're done reach up shrink that image down to the size of a postage stamp float up over your head back beyond the horizon behind you and just until it disappears from sight completely and you know the sound a hammer makes when it's banging in a nail or when a nail gun is putting in nail after nail after deal to make things really secure and impossible to come back feel that hear that nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back and when you know it's done nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back test it try to bring those old feelings back and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied move on to the. Next one find another less than positive belief or memory or experience that needs to be refiled reorganized reprocessed point to where you feel it reach out and touch it make sure you got the right. One make it bigger make it smaller notice how it changes put a big black frame around it white or darken that image out right. In white or in glowing golden letters across that screen everything that experience had to teach you.

So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go when you're satisfied when you know it's done reach up shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind moves that image back behind you back beyond the horizon until it disappears completely and hear that nail gun nailing it back there for all eternity impossible to come back and when you know it's done test it try to bring it back notice what happens instead when you're satisfied go ahead point reach out touch another one of those things that need reprocessing point to where you feel it trace the outline of it with both of your hands put a big black frame around it white or darken the image out right. In glowing golden letters across that screen everything it had to teach you positive or negative let the feelings come up let them come out put them on that screen as they come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them solve dissolve and resolve from the body it's all dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right. Reasons take all the time you need at your own rate at your own speed because now that you understand what to do you have all the time you need to do it it's a way that's right. Natural for you realizing that you can come back to this control room your control room anytime you want to anytime you need to to make more changes because all you got to do to change any less than positive belief memory experiences point to where you feel it reach out and touch it put a frame around it white and darken the image out write those blessings on the screen shrink it down float it over your head back beyond the horizon until it disappears completely back there that's the process you can do that easily now anything you want more of all you need to do i want you to reach out now i want you to find something you want more of something that you'd like to be stronger more intense more satisfying thrilling and fulfilling in your life point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is and play with the size and shape move it up move it down move it in your body move it out notice how every time you do the to the intensity and the feelings and the qualities get bigger and stronger more satisfying more thrilling more fulfilling than ever before play with that power until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feelings that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that sweet spot fix it into place let the energy from that picture flow from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream and every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very dna of those cells reprogramming transforming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful perpetual sensation factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that you know it's locked in test it try to turn it off try to go back to the old way of feeling and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied reach out find another one of those positive images that you want more of that you want to be more dominant more active in your life point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it in move it out find the exact size and shape and location that gives you the exact feelings that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that sweet spot fix it into place let the energy flow from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream and every place that blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very dna of those cells transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a brand new achievement factor each cell of your body manufacturing more and more and more of these amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply there's no. Need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied stop testing move on to the. Next one find another great feeling that you want more of a great experience that you want more of something you want to be stronger more dominant more prevalent in your life point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it both your hands make it big move it up move it down move it in your body move it out find the exact size and shape and location that gives you the feelings you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that sweet spot fix it into place let the energy flow from the picture to your body to your heart to your blood truth to every part of you in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply transforming reprogramming each and every cell each and every dna molecule into a powerful perpetual permanence each cell of your body magnifying generating amplifying more and more and more of this amazing feelings and transformations in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply now from this point forward the process is extremely simple i want you to take all the time you need in the. Next 60 to 120 seconds to point to where you feel something reach out and touch it decide is it something you want more of or something you want less of and put it in the appropriate place if it's something you want less of move it behind you if there's something you want more find the special place that makes it awesome take all the time you need in the.

Next two minutes knowing that anytime you want to anytime you need to you can come back to this space for more work more transformations more modifications and revelations. So go ahead and do that while i remain quiet for a while take all the time you need remembering you can always come back and just go deeper into this process realizing that the more you play the more powerful you become that you can change anything you want by pointing to where you feel it reaching out and touching it making it bigger moving it behind you whatever you want to do it's your life it's your mind it's your body and you have permission to make any change that you want for any reason that you want and have those changes expressed in mind and body and spirit. So whether it's a belief or physical symptom you can change it to do that and just go deeper and deeper into this process allowing working paying no. Conscious attention to me only to what you're doing inside your mind body and soul perfect now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment i'm going to count from one to five and i reach the number five you'll emerge from this process like a phoenix rising from the ashes like a butterfly emerging from a cocoon one phase of your transformation complete the. Next phase the best phase just beginning ready to spread your wings take to the air soar amongst the clouds to experience life the universe and every good thing in it from a much higher place more enlightened perspective number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality ready to take it to the. Next level number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your own other than conscious mind are now ten times more powerful a hundred times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced held locked in to that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can implement facilitate and express these changes in all the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions number three because my friend there's always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face there's always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those solutions and implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concern number four because it's all for you you've made the effort you've invested the time the energy the effort to do the drills to get the skills you follow the instructions you've obeyed the commands you're testing the results you've earned the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your life it's your truth you get to live it to the fullest starting now on the.

Next count you can emerge from this process bringing all these transformations modifications revelations with you ready to take your life to the. Next level to take the actions that move your life forward in all the ways that give you the life you want the way that you want it embodying personifying perceiving believing manifesting and achieving all of these changes in all the ways that make your life better by your standards your definitions head clear mind clear soul clear thinking feeling acting with self-assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel and when you're back just type back in the chat and we'll continue bravo. So how was that back a bit wow back okay. Good how do you come up with a picture of okay.

I'll have to all right. Once again if um thank you you're very welcome lindsay nazar's back excellent okay. Renato says amazing thanks you're very welcome renato. So again this is an exercise we call the control i don't teach it that often if i do teach it it's usually in it's usually in regression or identity by design training this is something that you can use every single day to clear your and decide what kind of life you want to live okay.

If you'd like more. Then i invite you to take a look. At our the the package we're offering today thank you. So much i'm glad you guys enjoyed it um secrets of personality transformation universal ultra mind control training home study course has the identity by design silo the self mastery supercharger program it's a 14 video set the seven stage identity by design system plus the manual is a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value you're also going to get uh the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course 1497 value hidden laws of attraction and manifestation mind control mastery home study course is 1497. the bonus stealth cpi level one universal persuasion protocol by it at 1950 and.

Then of course we're going to give you the renegade reframing renegade reframing objection obliteration and conversational belief change 1950 value and for those of you who are among the. First 15 to grab this package you're also going to get the stealth instant conversation hypnosis course valued at 997 the nlp power three month trial membership uh 594 with access to the 10 years of archive video course and you're going to get that free vip ticket to any single live event in our 2020 20 our 21 2022 and beyond calendar. So 1 950 value all you got to do to get yours is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious it's www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious total value of the package is nine hundred and thirty two dollars if you like the progress the process we just did you'll love the identity by design silo you'll love all the instant and rapid inductions and all the imagination games you can get it all for just one low investment of 997 or you can break that up if you want into three easy installments of just 3.97 all you need to do is click that link go to www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious click the link click the link click the link before it's gone forever okay. And for those of you who had questions that either got missed didn't get answered um when this replay goes live go back to the video type your questions in the comment section and i will go back and i promise you i will read your question and i will answer it to the best of my ability if i can help you i will if i can point you in the direction i will if i can't i will tell you that too.

So again the control room is actually one of the more powerful processes that we use. But like many of the processes that we teach they're built from simpler processes okay. Which is why the identity by design silo is. So important spinning magic frame color breathing are all very very important components even though they can stand by themselves they also are extremely extremely powerful as part of more comprehensive techniques if you have questions when would now be a good time to ask them after you uh click your link and reserve your spot oops peter says thank you you're very welcome peter let's see here este says do you ever find a person that when asked to find a memory of something amazing they cannot find one or they felt loved or safe or fantastic all the time what i found is that many times people have what i call the startle effect it's like you ask them a question and they go blank for a few seconds because they're kind of like they have this performance anxiety thing.

But if you just wait for it or you just start giving examples they start coming sometimes you gotta prime the pump a little. But there is not a single human being alive who does not have positive memories they just not used to accessing them okay. If as you go through this program you realize that some of the the offerings in our package you already have let stephanie know and as long as the price points are of equal or greater or lesser value uh we will happily substitute products for you lindsey faith says i feel. So much better thank you for tonight see you.

Next time you're very welcome lindsay good to have you all right. Any more questions before i turn you guys loose on each other on the world right. Again go to www.nlpower.com forward slash unconscious if you want to get one of those few remaining bonus tickets looks like they're going pretty quick right. And again if you're calling stephanie stephanie's happy to answer questions.

But if you don't leave david do i meditate all the time i meditate on. So many different things it's amazing i have time for anything else uh lisa says. So grateful can't wait to keep learning and practicing i can't wait to have you lisa i hope we see each other see you very very soon cody says can't thank you enough you are very welcome you're very welcome all right. Well that being said go ahead and if you have questions reach out to stephanie858-282-4663 once again that's 858.282.4663 and again like i always tell my students if you had a good time uh like and share if you didn't have a good time like and share you know like and share it.

Anyway to somebody else's page okay. Sandra says. So exciting to start this amazing package thank you althea says i had a great time awesome remember it's the tip of a very large iceberg and one of the nice things about the way we do things here is you you don't need to know a lot of information to make powerful changes you just need to know what information you need kathleen mclean says love you love you back in the words of the immortal caliber net i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long click the link i will see you guys on the other side i love you all good night and god bless take care.
