Title: mqs-m17oUuM.txt
Video Id: mqs-m17oUuM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqs-m17oUuM

Okay. My friends it's about 13 minutes until zero hour i want to personally thank you all for uh for coming in and hanging out especially all the enthusiasm that you're showing. So a couple of things that are going to be happening uh in the webinar. First and foremost um if you're this is what we call a free form webinar and what i mean by a freeform webinar is that when i create the webinar i have an outline of the content that i want to deliver and at some.

But at some point during the process i actually jump off and i ask you what it is that you want to learn more about what it is you want me to target the content of this webinar. So that you'll be able to do if you're our. First timer with our in our webinars. Then you're in for a real treat.

But if you came in looking for a 90 minute pitch fest where i say buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff and tease you with all the results that you could get you're going to be a little bit disappointed there is an offer connected with this webinar. But like all of our webinars everything in this webinar is proven everything in this webinar is things you can take out into the world right. Now apply them and watch them work for you you don't need to believe a single thing about what we're going to be doing in this webinar how we're going to be teaching you all you have to do is have a great attitude a sincere desire to do the drills and get the skills and you can be out there getting more of the yeses in your life that you want and need in no. Time flat like i said.

So a couple of things before we jump on at the official start time a if you're expecting a regular 90-minute webinar you're going to need to reschedule because our webinars tend to go very long they're focused on delivering very powerful actionable techniques that you can take out into the world immediately i want you to have as much fun on this webinar as humanly possible the more interactive you are the more responsive you are i thrive on feedback the more the better experience you're going to have as a byproduct of the things we're going to teach you on this webinar okay. For those of you joining us on youtube i see your messages in real time. But there's a lag between when my video signal reaches the youtube platform and you see it versus when i answer a question. So if you ask a question in uh in youtube i will see it pretty much as soon as you type it.

But it will be a little bit of a while before um i actually get to answer uh your question and just uh as an aside you know i mean this is a public webinar and uh we do have a uh uh zero trolling policy if you're coming here on most of the people who come in um are usually pretty well behaved. But every now and. Then you get a few people who just like to still steal the attention away from the content and focus it on them and if that's the case those people won't even get a. First or.

Second strike they'll just be excommunicated from the webinar most people usually pretty good. But like i said we have people who are specifically manning and monitoring the chats if you uh if you behave and you do the drills you get the skills you're going to get some good stuff you don't got to believe anything i'm going to tell you all you got to do is go out and do it and you'll be amazed okay. That being said um if you have questions right. Feel free to type them in the chat when they are relevant to the content in the webinar i will happily answer them i will tell you right.

Up front though that um a lot of times the questions that we get kind of pull us off track and as much as i love uh answering questions the more questions i answer uh the less content that is planned for tonight gets delivered. So you guys are if you want your questions answered on this is probably one of the most important things uh before we log on. First and foremost there are three ways that you can get your questions answered um as a byproduct of this webinar. First and foremost you can ask it in the chat if it's relevant to the point in the tr in the presentation that we're at i'm happy to answer it if it's not relevant or i don't see it which is actually quite often the case uh because i've got two chats open and and as more and more people flood into the room um the questions fly by many times.

So fast that i can't actually catch them. So in the event that uh i don't see your question or i don't get to keep asking it obviously. But at the end of this webinar in the comments section directly below where this video goes live if you go back and you type in that question i go back and i review all of the comments in each of the videos for every webinar every video that we post for weeks at time afterwards and i will happily answer your question in the chat if i can answer your question i'll give you an answer if i don't have an answer. Then i will point you in the direction of where i think you might be able to look.

To find the answer to that question the final way that you can get your questions answered and that we're going to review this once again when i actually open up the video is that we have lots of people uh from planet david who have been with us a year two years six months they've taken these skills out into the world and they've actually used them for those of you who are returning who've used our content who've used our materials if you see a question that is relevant to the topic or that is that you have personal experience actually uh solving feel free to answer the new people's questions in the chat because again when you log on you expect david to have an agenda you can be able to say my stuff is the greatest thing since sliced bread buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff and brush off to buy stuff well talk to the people in the chat. Next to you the people who've actually gone out into the world and utilize things like the echo technique or the four magic questions or three magic questions or uh the resistance removal protocols or things of that nature that we'll be talking about in this webinar and get the story directly from them how it's changed their lives how they've known job interview after job interview how they've gotten dates and communications from their partners and spouses that they weren't getting before lots and lots and lots of cool things are possible for you from the simply the free content on this webinar. So my promise to you once again is i will take you as far as i can on this webinar and the time that we have i'll point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step all right.

There's an amazing discussion going on in our youtube channel about yet syrup and instead of sugar and all kinds of interesting things. So let's hope that we get a little bit more focused um towards the beginning weather. Anyway we got about seven minutes till we log on officially. So let's go ahead and uh go ahead and use your.

Last minute restroom breaks grab some stuff to write on some stuff to write with make sure you have some caffeinated beverages things that will trigger a dopamine or oxytocin release in you. So that we can have uh more and more of your brains hardwired for learning and fun and let's uh let's jump in at four o'clock and go as far as we can in the time that we have and. Then go where we need to go for more all right. This is david over and out i'll see you in seven to six to seven minutes this is stephanie hi stephanie this is pretty good thank you for asking have any questions uh concerns about it no.

So far everything um um hello hello hello everyone welcome to secrets of human influence i'm your host for tonight dr david snyder and i am. So excited to be back with you once again uh we just completed one of the biggest trainings we've had in uh well since covet hit really uh in wonderful uh las vegas nevada we're getting ready for our. Next flagship influence training in uh in in orlando florida. Next month and uh i just want to let me just give me a minute while i uh figure out why i'm out of speaker mode there we go excellent excellent excellent.

So. First and foremost i want to thank you all for joining me and the. First thing i need to talk about is how many of you are first-time uh visitors to planet david if your. First time type your name where you're checking in from and.

First time in the chat this is a highly reactive highly uh interactive workshop and. So uh the more you do the instruct the drills the faster you're going to get the skills you're going to prove to yourself really really quick just how fast you can start hearing yes. A lot more to success health wealth and happiness in your life. First time a lot of good people coming in.

First timer. First timer oh very good very good now those of you who are veterans of planet david if you've been be bopping around planet david live and in person. First and foremost for three months or longer go ahead and type your name and how long you've been in planet david in the chat if you're somebody who's been with us for a long time. But has purely been video oh man somebody's been since my david van ark days oh my goodness.

So we got some we got some seasoned people in the room now why do i ask that why do i ask that question. First and foremost i want you to understand that people keep coming back because the stuff we have to teach you works there is no. Fluff there there's no. Bs on this webinar the best part about the things you're going to be learning is that you don't have to believe a single darn thing that i'm going to share with you in the.

Next uh two hours to 90 minutes and yes. Two hours to three hours rather and yes. I did say two hours to three hours. So let me give you a little bit of what you can expect on tonight's webinar.

First of all the focus of tonight's webinar is influence and persuasion how to get human beings to want to do what you want them to do and in the process like love and trust you more as a byproduct of that is that something that might be useful for anybody on this list if you think that's a useful place to start go ahead and type that's me or i want that in the chat for me go ahead and do that for me cool. Next piece a my disclaimers if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of the. Next three hours of your life. However if you're tired of getting stuck if you're tired of getting passed over tired of being ignored tired of being lied to tired of hearing no.

To everything that you want in your life this is probably the best place for you to be right. Now let's talk a little bit about the format for tonight okay. Tonight's format is what we in planet david call a free-form webinar. So i mentioned that in my little intro just prior to turning on the camera i was talking a little bit trying to give you guys a little bit of a heads up about what to expect our goal here is to deliver to you directly hardcore real world proven techniques that you can take out into the world right.

From this webinar and start applying immediately to get a result in your life you don't have to believe any of it all you got to do is just do it if you follow the drills and do the drills you're going to have some skills that you can apply some of this stuff you're not going to believe until you actually do it and it just works okay. But our freeform webinar has basically three parts to it the. First hour of tonight's webinar i am going to be giving you hardcore real world experiences and techniques techniques that lay the foundation for more advanced techniques that we're going to cover in part three of the webinar. So i'm going to deliver a huge amount of actionable content that you can start putting to work right.

Away i'm going to give you the foundations and understandings that allow you to know why these things work and how they work and experience them for yourself. Then about the 60 to 75 minute mark i've prepared a program that i'd like to talk to you about i'd like to share it with you that's designed to take your learning to the. Next level. So part two of our webinar we'll be sharing you with you how to take the skills we're getting in this webinar to a whole new stratosphere we call it seeing the matrix for lack of a better word and once you realize just how powerful and ethical these techniques are that's the beauty about everything in this webinar it's 100 ethical there's no.

Lying there's no. Cheating there's no. There's no. Miscommunication or misdirection involved it's all about finding out in a very deep powerful way what motivates people on a deeply emotional personal level and linking it to what you want them to do in such a way that by doing what you want these people automatically get everything they want is that fair to move through the world getting everything you want by helping everybody else get what they want would that be a great way to move through the world what do you think yes.

Yes. As t harvecker would say right. And again uh there are systems out there that are focused on you know pulling the wool over people's eyes. Or misrepresenting things or creating context that may or may not be true you won't get any of that in this webinar the whole point of this particular system was that it stays on this on the good guy side of the line.

But it protects you against the bad guys. So anybody here want to be more protected from the bad guys of the world the evil manipulators of the world is that something that you might think uh yeah absolutely and we're we continue to do a lot of research and development into that. So let me we talked about part one part one is where we give you the foundations and some real world techniques on how your mind works how to apply them practice and demonstrations for doing them part two is where we teach you how to upgrade and take your skills to the. Next level part three is where we come back to the content we started to teach you in part one and we pick up where we left off and we teach you even more advanced more powerful techniques that are built on the foundations we laid in part one.

So my job if this is the scope of everything there is to learn today in the field of persuasion and influence we got time for this. So my personal promise is to you i will take you as far down this rabbit hole of influence and persuasion as i can over the. Next two to three hours i will share with you as much information that you as you can assimilate. So that you can go out into the world and make your life everything you want it to be and.

Then i will point you in the direction of where to go to to level up even further is that a fair trade if you think that's fair type that's fair in the chat type i want to do that perfect all right. So a lot of people often ask um by the way just for the record i hate powerpoints. But i understand that some people like them. So i will be bouncing back and forth between the powerpoints i also use onenote an awful lot in these presentations.

So a lot of people often ask well who the heck is dr david snyder and why should i care well. First and foremost i am an actual doctor of acupuncture and chinese medicine this is a copy of my diploma from the pacific college of oriental medicine before they changed their name and i've been a practicing acupuncturist in california since 2005 my specialty there is treating physiological illness that's caused by repressed emotion. So as a byproduct of my work i've seen inside the hearts and minds of literally thousands of people i see how they create their belief systems i see how you change their belief systems i see what makes them happy i see what makes them healthy and most importantly i've learned what makes them sick and i've learned and discovered a tremendous amount about how humans want to be and what makes them do the things that they do i'm going to share those things with you as part of this of tonight's training okay. What else in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org i've been in the top two slot in the nlp world for about seven or eight years now give or take uh and.

So uh this is my number one slot. But i've been number two for the. Last six or seven years. So i walked over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from dating and attraction to sensuality and sexuality enhancement to advanced sales and persuasion techniques hypnotherapy uh story work uh reframing and writing and how to overcome beliefs are limiting beliefs and negative obstacles to your success in programming in 2020 my course killer influence this is a copy of a letter i received from globalgurus.org back in 2020 and it says it's with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for neuro-linguistic programming and if you click on this little link right.

Here you'll see that these were all the people that we beat out for our our program killer influence now what's interesting a little fun fact before let me jump on the powerpoint really quick a little fun factoid is uh killer influence which is coming up. Next month in orlando it'll be like the 13th year we've been teaching this course still the flagship course in the world um we never promoted it as an nlp class our peers our students people who've been through the program they voted the course the number one nlp training program in the world. So we must be doing something right. It's all powerful it's user friendly there's no.

There's no. Fluff in it um and if you've uh we have some of that material floating around on youtube. So you're more than welcome to check that out for free. But i just wanted to kind of point that out because to me this was completely unexpected on a number levels a i didn't know i was in the running for it and b we never promoted killer influence as an nlp class it certainly uses nlp among other disciplines.

But um for us to get that nomination i thought was really cool. Anyway i just wanted to share that with you really quick let's go back to our powerpoint some other things in case you didn't know i happen to hold a 10 degree black belt in okinawan martial arts specifically riku kempo karate i have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao a. Second degree black belt in kosho temple roo. First to be a black belt in font guru jiujitsu i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema cinco manuscrima modern arnis and as i like to make a joke i have more energy healing credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers i've been a reiki master since before reiki was cool back in the 90s i'm also a kabbalah practitioner as well before madonna even heard of kabbalah.

So i'm very much a prima donna i'm also an advanced chronic healer product psychotherapist advanced dna theta healing and manifestation certified and i'm terrified i'm certified in the bankston healing system as well as many different forms of qigong now when people see all this stuff the. First thing they like to say is like. So what what do all these things have in common that answer is pattern recognition which i'll talk about in just a minute. But what does pattern recognition have to do with human influence well ladies and gentlemen practically everything you see everything that human beings do has a structure to it there's a structure and a pattern to the way they move there's a structure and the pattern to the way they think there's a structure and the pattern to the way they create beliefs in the way they act on those beliefs and those thoughts and the structures of those thoughts and beliefs and drivers to what they want have a structure that comes out in your language and once you can begin to perceive the world through the eyes.

Of process and structure which is very much what martial arts and nlp did for me was to look. Beyond the jargon to look. Beyond the the geography or the time period in which something was created. But to ask some very different questions.

First and foremost does something work and if it does work what's the structure of it what are the mechanics of it what are they actually doing that's creating that effect on a consistent basis and that's what we talk about when we talk about pattern recognition and structure everything human beings do has a structure and a process to it and once you can perceive that structure you can inject change in that structure or you can use those very structures that a person's giving you to communicate with them more effectively tap into their deepest needs and wants link them to what you want them to do and. Then feel good about going forward and doing it. So there's a tremendous tremendous tremendous amount of power in the ability to recognize patterns the techniques you're going to be learning tonight are products of that ability to see and recognize patterns and you don't need to be able to see the pattern right. Away to be able to use it and what do i mean by that that sounds like i just contradicted myself if you can discern the pattern yourself great.

But it's it's it's it's good enough that somebody can show you the pattern and. Then to show you how to recognize it and. Then you can go out and use it and that's what we're going to do tonight we're going to show you patterns we're going to show you things that make human behavior very very very very predictable very consistent and again result in you getting what you want is that is that fair is that is that a good place to start what do you think tap into type in the chat what do you think okay. Very good all right.

So are you in fact in the right. Place if you can answer yes. To any of the following questions type it in the chat. So i know hey how many of you would like to be super charismatic maybe even attractive to members of the opposite sex or your own gender if that's something that you want to do would that be useful by the way the ugly truth about attraction attraction attractive people get more stuff attractiveness comes in two types physical attraction and emotional attraction one of the other is great.

But if you can do both bam it's a home run okay. Um if you'd like to banish fear and security from your life radiate more confidence and assertiveness and maybe be considered positively alpha in in all the right. Ways not the toxic masculine that a lot of the pickup artists are are trying to portray or whatever this is the place for you if you would like to use these skills to build your business to get more coaching clients to get more therapy clients just to convert more people to sales to basically make more money in your business or even start a business you're in the right. Place okay.

Uh if you'd like to know how to protect yourself from the social predators of the world the people who are going to use these skills in an unethical manipulative way to leave you worse off than they found you that you're in the right. Place we're going to show you some very powerful ways a to screen for those people and to defend yourself against them okay. If you'd like to program your own mind and body to create massive financial or social or romantic abundance in your life you're in the right. Place if you'd like to be able to create a sense of liking and admiration in the people you meet that people automatically trust you more they follow your lead more they take you more seriously that you're actually listened to and heard and seen in the way that you want to be seen and heard you're in the right.

Place i'm going to i'm going to pull back the curtain on some of the simplest most powerful ways to get people to feel that about you and with you and vice versa it's it's crazy when you start applying these things uh. First of all how simple they are you're not gonna believe i guarantee from you know to here to god's little green apples you're not gonna believe half the stuff i'm gonna teach you. But you don't have to believe it you just gotta do it right. If you'd like to learn and inspire your employees your team your family you're in the right.

Place we're gonna teach you how to open up their heart find out what makes their hearts sing and play a song that they've written just for you to listen to okay. Um if you've ever thought about being this weird jedi master who could just you don't know what droid you're looking for that's a different webinar no. I'm teasing there are certain ways that you can utilize these skills to put people in a very profound pleasure-based trance that links everything they want to everything you are we're going to teach you how that works. So you can use it in an ethical and honest way does that sound like a plan okay.

Cool. So here's my personal promise to you if you stay until the end of this webinar i'm going to teach you the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone you to like love trust and oftentimes obey you in any situation or circumstance doesn't matter if you're in the treatment room the therapy room the classroom the seminar room the negotiation room the courtroom we're going to show it works everywhere that's the beauty of this they work no. Matter where you do them right. We're going to teach you how to have people hanging on your every word how to have them literally salivating to do what you want them to do for their own reasons which is the best reason to get anybody to do anything.

Finally we're going to talk we're going to touch on how to control your emotions and remove resistance to your own influence what if it were possible let me ask you a question what if it were possible to actually get somebody to want to do the things they just told you they did not want to do in as little as two or three minutes would that would that be a useful skill to have what do you think okay. Stay to the end of the webinar take all the notes do all the drills and i guarantee you i will teach you about how to do that okay. And. Finally if you're ready for the exact steps needed to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time you're in the right.

Place okay. That being said let's go let's talk about the. First piece which is the secret back door to the human nervous system this is this is when i'm when i. Finally i knew this this technique for many many years and it still astonishes me to this day how people don't use it especially people trained in nlp which is where i.

First learned it since. Then other disciplines have actually come to the same conclusion that nlp did david grove came up with it came to that same conclusion uh the fbi and their hostage negotiation processes came to this exact same conclusion about this technique and if you understand this technique it literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention to you okay. Would that be a useful skill to have to talk to somebody in a way that they can't focus on anything. But what you're saying and they're absolutely feel compelled to keep listening would that be useful cool we're going to talk about that that's probably one of the.

First things we do we're going to talk about the secrets of emotional bonding and attraction you see each and every one of us is carrying inside a little checklist for what constitutes what is right. In our world like for example many many years ago i created a course for lovers it was called secret orgasm tips and it was a course that taught any partner how to be their partner's ideal lover the. First time they were together even if they'd never been together before and it was all about this understanding that inside each and every human being is an idealized checklist of phenomena. So example um if you could touch somebody in the place that their ideal fantasy lover always wanted them to be tut to always wanted them to touch them if you could just read their mind and give it to them what would that be like well let's do this let's play a little game i don't usually do this on influence webinars.

But i want i want to play a little bit would that be okay. Can i can i share something with you really really quick okay. So i don't know i guess i don't normally do this what i'm about to guide you through is a little bit of a trans process. So if you're driving a vehicle don't do this if you're going to if you want to participate in this all i want you to do is pull off to the side of the road put the car and bark with the parking brake on turn off the ignition make sure weirdos aren't going to come knocking on your window it's it's it's not very it's not it's not going to be a very deep trance.

But again trans people go into chances funny i want you to just close your eyes. For a moment right. And i want you to imagine you meet someone and the moment you meet them they knew exactly how to talk to you in the way that felt made you feel the most paid attention to and understood and accepted that you've ever felt when they went to touch you they touched you in exactly the right. Place in exactly the right.

Way at exactly the right. Time that you've always thought it was the best way to do it you've always fantasized about and if they kissed you they kissed you exactly the way you always thought a perfect kiss should be and they gave you all the feelings you always fantasized the perfect partner might give you let me ask you a question if you met someone like that what would you not do for them what would you not do for them right. And again type your answers in the chat now let me ask you sophie says i understand i would do anything nothing was like nothing i married her let her go nothing there's nothing you would not do for that person right. Exactly what if you could do that contextually specific look.

If you could do that for everyone because everyone you meet is sending very powerful signals to you that tell you exactly how to do that now i gave you a romantic context. But the same principles apply in business the same principles apply in teaching the same principles apply in every form of human interaction okay. Now i'm going to go out on a limb here and say that when i was describing what i was describing you guys are having feelings true or true or not true or not true yeah and i'm betting they were pretty good feelings weren't they now here's here's the funny part all i did folks was describe the checklist i didn't even match it you understand all i did was describe the checklist right. So one of the very.

First things that you need to understand is that human beings have this kind of a mechanism inside of them for everything for everything okay. And i understand that there are exceptions to every rule. But if you look. At the vast majority of people by the way if bad feelings came up you probably got some stuff to clear sophia says david where is he that exact description well if you read my book.

I'll show you how to make them and that really and that was really one of the biggest pieces of feedback that we got uh when we released that book. Back in 2005 i used to get calls at three o'clock in the morning said david thank you you saved my marriage right. Yeah we had to actually take that book. Off of our website.

But if you call stephanie and ask nice she can get she can get you an access to it all right. Anyway i just wanted i wanted to share that with you because that's the kind of this is the level of feeling that we're talking about and we can take it even deeper if we actually find out what's on their checklist and give it to them does that make sense oh the the course is called secret orgasm tips right. So that's part of where we're going tonight that we call that the secrets of emotional bonding we're going to talk about four macro categories of human influence they're. Then they're they're too broad to cover in depth.

But we'll touch on them a little bit. So you can figure out what what pillar you want to focus on we call these the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence and. Then. Finally towards part three of the webinar we uh we're going to teach you about how to remove resistance to stuff right.

We're going to teach you how to take control of your life of your communication and get people absolutely thrilled and excited to be in your presence to be part of your your on your entourage or whatever um. So does that does that sound like a good place to start what do you think you guys ready to play all right. So. First and foremost i'm going to ask you guys i'm going to give you a bunch of other stuff too how many of you would like to be up to 30 better at everything anybody type in the chat all right.

Here's how you really rock this stuff this is how you hack everything i'm about to teach you in the. Next two or three hours here it is besides do the drills i want you to be as playful curious and explorational as humanly possible the studies show even in cases like hostage negotiation when the operator the person seeking to exert influence presents themselves from a fun easy going playful energy they are 30 percent more perceptive 30 percent or more more adaptable 30 percent more persuasive and their counterpart the person they're seeking they're doing these things with is 30 percent more compliant would it be would it be useful a to be smarter faster more creative more depth more adaptable more of that that stuff and have the person you're doing it with be 30 percent more compliant to you yes. Or yes. All you got to do is have fun and be playful now you can you can what's interesting about that particular statistic is it doesn't seem to really matter what the context is like i used to do a tremendous amount of trauma work in my clinic in in solana beach and you would think that when people come in with these these high he's very intense you know everything from active shooters to child molestation to um you know uh spousal abuse uh put ptsd of all kinds you would think that uh seriousness would be the more appropriate emotion it actually isn't seriousness believe it or not is the kiss of death therapeutically.

But the more easy going the more explorational the more curious you become the more you bypass people's defenses and they in turn become more curious about you right. William william crawford's been he's been yeah i did deda on me yeah okay. Good to see you again william um. So fun playful easy going now i'm going to teach you another quick trick if that's okay.

This is again this just be something from some people on on youtube are asking me earlier about healing techniques um well unfortunately i had to tell her that this is not the right. Webinar for healing techniques. But i'm going to give you something that will help you to hack your state control which is the ability to enter exit any psycho-emotional state at will. So here's what i want you to do i want you to if you can stand up to do this if not that's okay.

Too. But i seem to get better results from people when they stand i want you to again if you're driving don't do this right. If you want to participate in this piece pull off the side of the road put the car in park put on the parking brake turn off the engine make sure no. One's going to disturb you it's only going to take three or four minutes to do.

But this is the. Next technique that i want to share with you and this goes to something we call state control in killer influence as well as the cpi systems everything in our world the real jedi power and the stuff you almost never see um on a public youtube video is our state control training uh we turn people into jedi and state control is the one power the one ability that just seems to get stronger and stronger and stronger as time goes by um we haven't we haven't nobody's found a top level to it yet. But we're going to give you one one quick technique that you can play i want you to stand up i want you to close your eyes. And i'm wondering i'm curious if you might be able to imagine to remember something for me i'm wondering if you could remember a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure imaginable i mean on a scale of 0 to 10 it's like a 27. i want you to close your eyes.

Remember that amazing feeling that amazing experience now i'm not the pleasure police i don't care what it was i don't care who you were with how many laws you broke how many substances were involved how many state lines you cry i don't give a there's my politically incorrect humor and profanity right. All i care about is that when you remember that amazing experience when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful beautiful feeling that you get a feeling of absolute pleasure and i'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment. First impression point to where you feel it now look. At it with your inner eyes.

Look. At that feeling with your inner eyes. And notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm curious i'm wondering what color or colors that might be for you. First impression now you don't have to type it in the chat i just want you to imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head i'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy that pleasure begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all less than pleasurable experiences real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything you most want everything you most need in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied type what you experienced in the chat i'm smiling sophia says unconditional love beautiful again oh my god it feels. So good tingly it's just how about that now here's the.

First rule of human influence i want you to ship it all right. We got some happy people there right. I love love through my whole body excellent you think this would be a useful skill to have every time you need to get up in the morning hit yourself with a head of it with a with a big blast of pleasure like this you think that'd be a good thing you can also use it to heal your body i'm going to tell you that right. Now we can't cover it in this way in this webinar.

But you can use this i've used this to shrink tumors i've used this to get rid of chronic pain i've used this for a lot of things i'm teaching it to you. So that now anytime you want to anytime you need to you have a powerful positive state that will change your reticular activating system it'll change how you see the world and you'll radiate pleasure out into the world just having that it'll take the edge off of any nervousness that you may have all kinds of things you can do with this now the reason i i share this with you is because the system i'm teaching from is called cpi and killer influence okay. And let me share my screen really quick what i'm about to show you is what we call the universal persuasion protocol right. First and foremost.

First rule of influence you never enter any persuasion situation without. First knowing what you want to achieve. Then you control your state you get rapport you use the language skills that you have you manage their state you jump into their process and you link to their values that checklist i talked about in nlp we call that a criteria and values checklist okay. So i'm going to repeat this three times whenever you're in any kind of a situation where you need to exert influence the.

First thing you're going to do is know what your know your outcome in other words what do i want to accomplish right. Then you're going to control your state. Then you're going to get rapport with the subject you're going to use whatever language skills that you have you're going to make use those to manage the state of your subject you're going to find whatever process they use to make the decision or engage in the behavior that you want them to make and you're going to bond to what they most want in their heart that's criteria criterion values okay. So once again control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process link to their criterion values now obviously on a three you know these are three and five and seven day trainings that we're talking about.

So i'd obviously in a two or three hour webinar i couldn't possibly go through every single thing. But i wanted to give you the big picture this is the universal persuasion protocol that you can deploy in any situation or circumstance we're gonna drill down on a few key areas that cover as much of the. First few we're going to we're actually going to focus on i just gave you the state control piece the. Next piece is going to be covering rapport and language and.

Then the. Next piece will be bonding to their criterion values. So obviously there's whole bodies of technique for each of these. But we don't have time.

So i'm going to give you just the things you absolutely need to know to be effective right. Away is that okay. Is that cool cool all right. Let me go ahead and erase these things.

So that when my. Next class i don't have all these little markings. So the. First technique i want to share with you is the hidden passcode to the human nervous system it's easily one of the simplest techniques to do and there are.

So many good things that it does for you i am constantly amazed that more people who know about this technique don't use it it's called the echo technique and here's the way it works. First and foremost the most powerful words that any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouths let me repeat that a couple more times the most powerful words that any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth one more time with feeling the most powerful words any human can hear at any given moment including their name are the words that just came out of their mouth and the closer here's where it gets really cool the closer to verbatim you give them their very own words back the better it works now you don't have to believe any of this all you got to do is go out into the world and do it okay. So you guys ready to jump into how the mechanics of this. So you can take it out and start proving me right.

Yes. Or yes. Okay. So there's there's some people who feel that when they hear their own words back they get annoyed let me talk about that for a minute okay.

This technique works whether you're doing it sincerely or not what does that mean i mean some people will view this as a trick a hack to pull over on people i'm going to suggest that if you adopt that if you adopt that mindset you'll get caught more than you get caught in a bad way. However i want you to think about the echo technique which we're about to cover as a way of life why because this is the way the universe and evolution and god and little green apples program human beings to actually respond most powerfully to being communicated this way it is the most ethical honest and powerful way to communicate with another human being. So just for fragrance and giggles how many of you think of themselves as shy anybody how many of you like me hate small talk anybody anybody hate small talk introverts count yes. Right.

What if there was a way that you could go up and have a great conversation with anyone and they were talking 80 percent of the time or more would that be useful and they came away from that conversation thinking you were the most fascinating person they ever met all you gotta do is sincerely echo their words back to them what i mean by sincerely echo them from a sincere desire to signal to them that you hear them you understand them you accept what they're saying and to some degree you agree with it one technique can do all that and. So much more. But the secret is what's the place you're coming from are you coming from a place of if i use this people will like me and love me and trust me do whatever i say and i can get anything i want or are you coming from a place where this is the way human beings love to be communicated with and that makes them feel the most heard understood validated makes them want to tell me more and makes them attach those feelings to me if you come from that place the real the the connections you feel will be real and they will move heaven and earth to spend more and more and more time with you. So you got to be careful you got to be careful okay.

Let's jump into some of the echo technique i'll do a brief demo. Then we're going to jump right. Into the heart of the checklist we talked about earlier okay. Let me go back to the echo technique.

So the echo technique how to get maximum attention in minimum time these are the most powerful this is the most powerful way to communicate with any human being you don't got to believe me okay. Just go do it okay. The echo technique literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention almost exclusively to you and to to screen out everything else if you've ever had the experience how many of you ever been to a party you guys ever been to a party right. Maybe you're at a party maybe you have this experience right.

You're at a party people everywhere you're across the room and somebody on the other side of the room says your name and you hear them from across the room and you turn and look. Ever have that happen how does that work it works because your unconscious mind is constantly screening the environment for anything that is relevant to you understand that. So what happens human beings move through the world sending out signals kind of like radar or sonar that mirror their internal world the internal systems that they have and when they reach somebody and somebody reflects it back they can't help themselves it's like all of a sudden something showed up on your radar and you can't take your eyes. Off of it the term is called a loop you or you observe you orient you decide you act.

So you're scanning the environment that's the observation point something triggers you that is unusual usually it's extreme difference or extreme sameness and boom all of a sudden you focused on that and the more of your words that you get coming back from you the more your neurology starts to go on on high alert because it's getting a direct message to message match it's a lot a key to lock fit between the filters in your neurology what you most want to hear and the things are emotionally relevant to you when you give these words back you trigger an identification process that moves you deeper and deeper and deeper into deep neurological rapport with the other person they literally are getting pleasure feelings just from listening to you talk their words back to them okay. If you if you've ever had a problem with making small talk one of the. First things and don't believe me ask the ask the veterans in the chat one of the. First things that happens when you effectively echo somebody's communication back to them is they start talking more they start running off at the mouth they start becoming very very focused on self-disclosure right.

They start giving you more and more information because they want to make sure you get it right. They've never had somebody listen to them at this level before and it feels. So good they can't stop. But go for it again.

So if you've ever been worried about small talk the problem with small talk goes right. Out the window because eighty percent of what you're going to say most of the time is the words that just came out of their mouth you're going to ask another question i will teach you the formula we call it the master echo sequence you just take this thing out into the world and deploy it and just watch the lights go on be careful though because if you do this with people who can't escape like waiters bartenders um bus boys um caddies you know people who can they will actually forget their other customers and focus on you you might get a lot of free desserts out of it. But you might get them in trouble with their boss because you become the person they want to spend the most time with if you're in the service profession and you want bigger tips echo their words you'll be amazed don't believe me just go do it okay. So what else because.

So that. But we haven't even scratched the surface yet of what this thing can do let's look. At some other stuff okay. So it'll also prime your target to keep talking and give you more and more information about them at the same time right.

Uh it sends powerful powerful signals of sameness to the listener you guys remember when i took. You on that little journey about if you met the the person who knew how to talk to you in exactly the way you've always wanted to be talked to could touch you the way you've always wanted to be touched and fantasized about being touched that could kiss you or or or do the things for you that you've always fantasized that your perfect partner might do this is it it's the same process when i was describing that to you do you remember the feelings that rose in your body one of the reasons is is because when person receives signals from the outside world that matches their internal checklist whether it's a shallow level or a deep level they can't not respond you understand this is impossible to not respond to and if you do it right. Even if you get caught it works in your favor because if someone says to you why are you repeating the words i say all you've got to do is look. At them and from a sincere heart say i just want you to know that i understand you and i want to understand you better is that okay.

Now if the person says no. To a sincere statement like that they've got bigger problems than you okay. This technique literally again it's been used in therapy it's been used in hostage negotiation um it's it's ridiculous how powerful this thing is. But it's.

So it. But it's. So simple people think it can't possibly be as powerful. But i don't want you to i don't want you to take my word for it i just want you go do it i want you to try to get caught well actually it does help you keep track of what you say one of the things when i when i teach this and i spend a long time in trainings getting people good at this what this actually does for people who are trained in nlp is it teaches you how to remember longer and longer strings of information that you can analyze.

Later. But you don't have to analyze it because if you use echo technique properly it actually compresses seven different nlp techniques together you can accomplish seven different levels of influence by doing one thing it makes your job ridiculously easy okay. Ridiculously easy right. So it matches every internal filter that they have and it indirectly links to their emotional needs which is the center of that persuasion target that we talked about that criterion values checklist is their the the list of their emotional needs and how they get them met once you understand what a person's emotional needs are and you know how to satisfy them they will almost always do what you want by default because it's in their best interest at a deep cognitive and emotional level to do that people are always focused on what's in their best interests and the moment you speak to what's in their best interest physically mentally emotionally financially they can't not do it they can't not do it okay.

So what do you do you just repeat their words back verbatim okay. Um. So let me give you a quick demo would that be okay. Is that would this be useful answer yes.

For many years uh i ran i showed you at the beginning of the webinar i showed you i was a career martial artist for many years and uh when i lived in coral springs florida which is where i had my school uh if you if you spit more than half a mile in any direction you trapped over another karate school there were karate schools everywhere literally half mile and a half down the street was one of the largest karate schools in the united states have over 1500 students right. And i was just starting out i had i didn't have a marketing budget i didn't have anything. So i had to find a way to book. Clients and i had about 150 students by the time i was you know all told and.

So what i did was i used a variation of the criterion values checklist and the echo technique to sign up my students and it would sound a lot like this would go ring ring good afternoon coral springs martial arts academy this is david how can i help you hi david my name is bernice i'm looking for um i'm looking for karate lessons from my 10 year old son josh and i saw your sign in the window as i was walking down the down the strip center oh hey bernice. So you're looking for 10 year old son uh cry are you looking for karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh and you said you saw us while you're signing the window when you're walking down the strip center yeah yeah do you have think you have classes for a 10 year old bernice we absolutely have classes for a 10 year old. But just. So i understand you better.

So we can make sure that that we have the class that's right. For josh i'm curious i'm wondering what's important to you about karate lessons for your son josh you know david i'm glad you asked you know look. I'm gonna be honest with you you know josh is a great kid he's super smart in fact he's. So smart that his parents or his teachers rather his teachers actually moved him a great ahead and that's actually one of the reasons i'm calling is because josh is not big for his age and he's a great kid.

But he's going to a grade where everybody's really really much older than him bigger than him and and i'm afraid a um that the workload might be a little much and i'm afraid that the bigger kids might pick on him and and i heard that martial arts was a great way for for kids to be able to build self-confidence and focus and improve their study habits and be able to kind of protect themselves from bullies and kind of stand up for themselves do you have anything like that oh i see bernice. So let me let me see if i understand you better josh is a great kid he's really smart. But he's really small for his age in fact he's. So smart that his teachers moved him up a grade yeah yeah that's right.

And you're worried that the older kids were bigger than him might actually pick on him a little bit and and you'd heard and you heard the workload might be a little hard. So you wouldn't be able to you know get more focus more concentration you heard that martial arts was a good way to do that yeah david can you help me bernice absolutely in fact for for centuries martial arts has been one of the premier ways for kids just like josh kids who are maybe small for their son you know small for their age super smart uh you can often be the targets it's a great way for kids to learn how to be focused concentrate more stand up to themselves and really get a leg up in the world to be able to stand up for themselves and you know when you walk through the world with the willingness and the ability to protect yourself bullies just tend to to look. The other way they look. For easier targets.

So i think we have a class that's perfect for josh it'll help him develop his focus his concentration it'll help him to stand up to himself and carry himself in a way that bullies won't think of him as an easy target and if they do pick on him he'll have the techniques and the skills that'll really protect him in a way that that keeps him out of trouble. But also keeps him on the straightener. So he can get the good grades that you know his teachers believe he was capable of when they moved him up does that sound like something you'd be interested in testing wow that's that sounds amazing um what do i do. Next well it's very simple bernice all you got to do is i'm going to take your name and information we have a class tonight that josh can come in and sit on there's a 15-minute private lesson.

Then he could and. Then we'll integrate him into the group class and he can try it out we'll introduce him to some of his kid some of the kids that he can kind of make friends that way and. Then we have a trial program comes with a free uniform for kids and if he likes it we'll go ahead and register him and uh we'll make sure that he's on the fast track to becoming the best version of himself and you don't have to worry about him quite. So much i also have an appointment tomorrow at six which one will be better for you um i think you know what can we do tonight can we do tonight i i think i could pick him up early and i'll bring him in after dinner and uh we'll see how it goes i'm really excited david thank you all right.

Let me just take your information we'll see we'll see you and josh here about 5 5 30. boom click 99 of the people who went through that process showed up what do you think and it's all very quiet remember this is the interactive part of the webinar right. How much of what i said how much of what i said came out of bernice's mouth it works just like that now what you saw in that demo was the. First technique which is the echo technique and. Then i transitioned immediately into what is commonly referred to as the emotional bonding checklist and to really appreciate that you have to experience it would you like to experience the emotional bonding checklist for yourself okay.

So for this. Next before i go into that you know what i'll i'll i was going to teach you the master echo sequence how to actually do it in the real world. But i'll save that for part three of the webinar i want us to get into the emotional bonding checklist. So you can feel what it's like now the emotional bonding checklist has two versions there's a version that you use on yourself and there's a version that you use with anybody who you want to like trust love you and work with you either as a prospect a client a partner whatever.

So we're going to do this as a way to motive we're going to learn this as a way to bond with another human being and and link what they want to what we have to offer. But we can also use it to motivate ourselves and that for for a lot of us we cover this more in we cover this a lot more in like how to reprogram your subconscious mind which is another webinar that we do anytime you can tap into your emotional needs your emotional reasons for doing anything the resistance to doing it the resistance to going for it just drops okay. So here's what i'd like you to do i need you to get out a piece of paper and a pen or a pencil i would like you preferably to hand write out what i'm about to share with you i'm going to share my screen and i'm going to show you the template that i'd like you to follow okay. Let's go here by the way has this been useful.

So far have you guys learned anything okay. Cool all right. So this is the emotional motivation checklist is also known depending on the subject hold on a. Second is the emotional excuse emotional bonding checklist.

So when you do it for yourself it's emotional motivation when you do it with others it's emotional bonding you guys make the distinction the same process it's just are you doing it for yourself by yourself or using it with another human being. So the. First thing i want you to write down when you signed up for today's webinar michael's asking would the echo technique work through texting one thousand percent the echo technique here's here let me be very very clear and very very explicit the echo technique works in any medium where language is involved that means texting chats zoom on the phone in an email what have i not mentioned physical letters if language is involved sexting absolutely. But that's that's text alejandro.

But the bottom line is actually yeah it does it's crazy powerful in that context alejandro just. So you know okay. Um again any place where language is being used this works. So when you signed up for today's webinar when you saw what we were advertising there was something there's something in your life that you really really want on a scale of zero to ten it's probably like a 27 right.

That you you felt i'm gonna go out and live here that you felt that getting the tools and following the instructions and doing what we tell you to do in this webinar would get for you true or not true okay. Whatever that thing is i want you to write it i want you to i watch part a write what you want to achieve to have to own to experience as a result of the techniques you get from this training and the webinar and the packages that we're talking about just write that down what's it going to be right. Again when you've done that go ahead and type done in the chat. So i know okay.

Now once you've done that i want you to put a little indent and type i or a number one and i want you to stop for a moment again if you're driving don't do this if you're operating heavy machinery don't do this i want you to imagine you actually got it you actually followed the instructions you used the techniques taught in this webinar you got the programs you got the packages right. And you got that thing whatever it was you got it what's important about having it what's it gonna do what's it doing for you what's important about that i want you to write that question what's important about doing it or what's important about having it and. Then write your answer right. Below that.

So it should look. Something like this again you don't have to type it in the chat i want you to write it on a piece of paper. So you have it. So what's it going to do for you.

So i might say um what do i want i want to make more money okay. I'm using the techniques that i got from this program that we're offering and i'm making more money what's that going to do for me and maybe it's safety security freedom i don't know whatever the words whatever pops up into your into your mind. First write that down in the exact language that your brain used right. If it's a if it's three or four paragraphs.

Then write three airport fire i don't care write that down directly below that and when you're done type done in the chat okay. Perfect all right. Next layer now imagine you've gotten that you're feeling like again using my example you're feeling that safety that freedom that security to do the things you want whenever you want you're enjoying that what's important about that freedom what's it doing for you what's it making you feel maybe you're getting that brand new car you've always wanted maybe you're uh you know you're starting that seven year you're in that seven figure business what's it gonna what's that gonna do for you what's important about that. So i want you to drill down what's important about getting this right.

And whatever comes up use the exact word you gotta use the exact words folks you gotta use the exact words okay. And. Then ultimately if you had this and you got this and you got this ultimately if you had all that what would be the result what would that do for you what's important about having it right. And write it out okay.

Don't be bashful okay. And when you're done when you've gotten all three levels written out just type down in the chat safety and comfort beautiful what's important about safety and comfort if you have that safety and that comfort what would that do for you what would that allow you to experience and what's important about it right. You need to see those okay. I'll show you i'll show it one more time i don't want to i want people get distracted let me let me expand my screen.

So can everybody see okay. Oops okay. Good good good good. So when you're done you've got all three levels okay.

So when you have words like power and limited power means different things to different people what does power mean to you consuelo financial freedom means different things to different people what does that mean to you what's it going to allow you to do and what's important about that drill down right. Now here's the secret here's how you know you're doing it right. If you're starting to feel emotions the deeper you the deeper you dig you're doing it right. Love warmth yeah very good okay.

So does everybody have a chance to screenshot this yes. Or no. Purpose okay. Good all right.

So let's go to the. Next part you wouldn't use the word feel very good and we'll talk about feelings on during part three because that's actually one of the secrets all right. So here's what i want you to do now. So you've got your paper yes.

Here's what i want you to do i want you to hold it up at about a 45 degree angle and i want you hold on a. Second some stuff in the chat i haven't screenshotted yet okay. All right. I'm going to give you 10 seconds to screenshot it okay.

Okay. All right. So here's what i want you to do now hold it up and now what i want you to do i want you to read your answers only your answers out loud five times in a row go from a to c only your answers read them out loud five times in a row and type done when you've done that as you link everything we've talked about toward what we're doing you realize how these skills can move you forward towards that life at a fast and accelerated rate as you speak these out loud five times and when you're done type done and. Then tell me in the chat what did you feel sophia says i'm getting tickles that a good tickle i'm a silly done all over yes.

Okay. Done perfect what did you feel inspiration lightness giggly safe beautiful clarity how about that you guys in the law of attraction if you did this process for the things you wanted manifest it would manifest faster and easier this is how you know you did it right. If you're feeling a massive rush of energy and emotion you did it right. Now okay.

Then denise we probably have some clearing for you to do uh come to our hit our uh how to reprogram your subconscious mind workshop we'll show you how to clear that okay. Um. So here's the deal what if you have the ability to make everyone you meet everyone you do business with everyone you're in a relationship with feel like this about you would that be useful you got it david the glow would you like to know how it works would you like to be able to do that can i show you the whole package all right. So that being said with your permission i'd like us to go ahead and share with you something i put together that will again take your skills to the.

Next level that will show you how to rapidly do the entire remember i'm only showing you bits and pieces of the entire system would you like the whole system i can show you how to get it would that be okay. Okay. Cool. So here we go if you're ready to take it to the.

Next level this is what we got with your permission i'd like to teach you about our secrets of human influence ultra persuasion mastery home study course this is a course that i've put together specifically for our virtual audience it's designed to take you from novice to master of human influence in the shortest amount of time possible it's going to teach you how to reach into people's hearts and minds find out what they most need and want and show them how to get everything that they need and want by doing what you want them to do and loving you and feeling amazing about you in the process it's about never hearing no. Again okay. So what's in this course well. First and foremost it's all about taking your life to the.

Next level. So what are you gonna be able to do make more money close more deals get more dates help more people feel more confident you'll have more personal power in your life than you ever thought possible if you've always felt like you've been playing small like you need to level up in the game of life this is going to give you the edge that you need in an ethical and honest way that allows you to move through a society where the ability to get people to want to do the things that you need them to do is the ultimate survival skill as a byproduct you'll become more charming charismatic and ultimately socially uh and professionally irresistible it's really really really i'm actually understating what the stiff can do for you if you apply it again it doesn't really matter how much you know if you don't do any of it. But if you do it it'll work for you. So this or this offered is good until 11 59 pm tonight it's march 16 2022 and the.

First thing we're going to talk about and give you is the 17 video seven stage universal persuasion protocol training uh this is a this again goes through each of the seven segments of the universal persuasion protocol that i showed you about how to create powerful outcomes how to know when you're getting it how to master your state like a pro. So no. One can push your buttons ever ever again and how to go from any emotional state you want and need and transfer it to another human being at will it's a 297 dollar value we're going to teach you how to do bridging where you can actually create powerful emotional states in the minds and bodies of other people. So that they become automatically primed and predisposed to listening to what you have to say in the most useful way imaginable and it's impossible to be caught it's completely ethical and honest it's 297 value we're going to teach you power rapport skills for connecting with anyone anytime anywhere in our particular systems we divide report into three types you have kinesthetic rapport you have what we call classical report which is the kind of report you will learn in an nlp class or a sales training and.

Then you have what we call vibing and vibing is a very special form of rapport that is used specifically for attraction and relationship and romantic applications. So kinesthetic rapport is a deep neurological coherence between your brain and another person's heart we show you how to create it how to manage it how to utilize that connection to connect with people from across the room from across the table and when you get really good at it you can do it from across the planet we've tested this through zoom we've tested it with the cameras on we've tested it with the cameras off it creates tremendous tremendous tremendous rapport and connection and liking and trusting in people and you can use it in. So many different ways again 297 value for that module alone we're going to teach you the seven most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns these are patterns that are. So powerful that just using them will force people's brains to do things that you wouldn't believe i mean think about what if it were possible think about this from imagine you have this ability right.

Now what if it were possible to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listeners in the minds of your readers what would you do with that with a power like that to take any two things that have absolutely nothing to do with each other and make one the cause of the other in the minds of your listeners and what if it was. So powerful that when you when you used this pattern they just assumed it was true even if it was completely jungle logic that's the power of one of the very. First patterns that you'll be learning the. Next pattern is going to teach you how to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of the listener okay.

That's pattern number two pattern number three is going to show you how to force a person's internal cognition to orient on exactly the things you describe and to to the exclusion of everything else and to automatically begin to undergo any state or process or experience that you name using this pattern okay. It's and in fact it's. So powerful that even when the person you're doing it with knows it's being done they can't fight it okay. What if there was what if it were possible to make a person's internal mind movies exactly what you want them to be without zero chance of error or mistranslation what if you could force a person's internal mind pictures to be exactly what you described and still have them feel completely natural about it because they made it up themselves that's language pattern number four there are seven those only the.

First four patterns okay. Combine that with your echo technique which is the ultimate hypnotic inducer in other words it's going to create such a deep level of connection rapport and awareness that people will hang on your every word. Anyway think about each of the pieces i'm describing now think about what the entire system together can do okay. That's just part of what you'll be learning in the irresistible hypnotic language pattern that will teach you how to subliminally communicate with people we'll teach you how to bind people's thoughts and how to link things to their emotional bonding checklist using these language patterns that make it completely ethical honest and natural and people will be just completely thinking the most charming charismatic person they've ever been with okay.

We're going to we're going to teach you how to take all of that all the the state control all the rapport skills all the language patterns and use those to put people through the sequence of emotional states and experiences that they need to want to do what you want them to do for their reasons they'll be. So loyal fanatical and faithful to you from the process of doing this it's almost unfair. But it's actually the most fair way to actually share and and communicate with another human being to 297 value and. Finally once you understand the echo technique once you understand the emotional bonding checklist one of the things we're going to teach you how to do is how to look.

At people's language differently. So that you can spot their patterns their code the structure that their brain uses to do any behavior or have any feeling and i'll teach you how to take your message and put it into that pattern. So people run yourself run your your your instructions like their own like it's their own idea doing what you want will become. So natural for these people that it'll be like it was their it'll be like their own idea right.

From the beginning which is always the best way to go the best way to get anybody to do what you want them to do is have them create their own reasons for wanting to do it human beings always work in their own self-best self-interest. So when you work from that perspective getting people to do the things you want them to do is as simple as finding out why they might want to do them right. And of course we talked about the emotional bonding checklist how you can use this to cement people to you in a fanatically loyal way we'll also show you how to use it to make people go away and never come back okay. 297 value.

But we're not we're not done there there's also we're going to include the killer influence ultimate mind control manifesto and this is a 240 page manual that covers the entire seven stage universal persuasion protocol. But. Then it teaches you things that don't don't aren't used that aren't based on language. So we'll talk to you about proxemic spatial or proxemic hypnotic operators operators are how you manage the spatial relationships between two and between you and another person simple powerful things that psychologically position you in the minds of your subject.

So that they automatically think about you in the best possible light right. So there are certain places that you if you sit at a meeting table the people at the table will take you more seriously they will give you more authority they will listen to your suggestions and statements more readily than if you sit in other areas of the table where you stand on a person's dominant or non-dominant side will dramatically impact how much they like you these are things you can't get caught doing and once you understand how they work you'll have trouble not doing them because they just make sense to do. But there will be times in your life there will be situations and circumstances and environments where you can't use some language because the noise level or the amount of activity going on and you have to rely on other things and that's where these other applications come in spatial hypnotic operators extraordinarily powerful other behavioral modification tools are what we call social hypnotic operators these are hypnotic instructions that society has programmed into each and every man woman and child if you're familiar with any of dr robert cialdini's work influence the psychology of persuasion are we talk about these five basic hypnotic operators versus reciprocity liking commitment consistency scarcity among others these are all very powerful hypnotic triggers that human beings will actually um respond to automatically and yes. Alejandro authority and in fact one of the four four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence that you're going to learn in this course is actually authority attractivity acquiescence and affinity these are what we call the four horsemen of irresistible hypnotic influence and if you understand how they work which we cover in depth in the manual you will know how to leverage these influence tools in any situation or circumstance.

So that people automatically want to please you they feel compelled to please you and they're going to go along with the rest of the group because that's what the rest of the group is doing each of those categories by themselves is powerful when you combine them you get absolute compliance in minimum time that's part of the manual this includes a 418 value you'll also learn about other types of neurological filters that people have like meta programs you'll talk about cold reading which is how to look. At people and literally size them up and know things about them that their best friends don't know and it gives you tremendous psychological authority over them and you can make predictions about how they're going to behave in certain situations we're going to talk about a gray hat area things called drts drt is a little tongue-in-cheek method of saying dirty rotten tricks these are persuasion tactics that other people might be using on you or that you might need to use in in certain situations. So 418 value what were the four a's authority affinity acquiescence and attractivity. So 418 dollar value total price 2 seven dollars for that training right.

But as you can probably guess because it's a package as the old ronco commercials used to say. But wait there's more right. If you if you grab your package now you'll also get these special bonuses the. First one we're going to talk about is weapons of mass instruction this is the art and science of neurologically and based neurologically enhanced storytelling and metaphor trainings the most powerful influence tool in the world the the tool that's shaped the course of human history is the power of storytelling and story work and metaphor in this program we're going to teach you step by step by step the five different areas of story application we're going to teach you how to do stories for connection stories for leadership motivation um sales and marketing and we're going to teach you some of the most powerful storytelling secrets which are called omega stories omega stories have the ability to reduce resistance to your influence.

So think about if in an alpha story for example let me do this for those of you who are kind of chomping at the bit if you go to killerinfluence.com forward slash go you can be one of the. First people to get all the bonuses right. Uh it's killerinfluence.com forward slash go all right. People start asking for the link i just give it to them.

But let me explain this. So the difference between an alpha story and an omega story let's say i have this big old filing cabinet right. And it's really heavy and i need to push it across the room an alpha star would be would be me pushing behind it and getting as many people as possible to kind of try and push the filing cabinet that's a that's an alpha story these are stories that have persuasion push they amplify your persuasiveness omega stories are different though and you make them different omega stories are stories and tactics and techniques that remove resistance to persuasion remember earlier i told you what if you could get people to want to do the things they just said they didn't want to do um try it now oh wait that's uh one. Second.

So go to http colon backslash www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go okay. Um okay. So. So alpha stories are a persuasion push right.

Omega stories are different though if i have this big old filing cabinet or this one ton weight that i need to move. But i don't have anybody help me i can either if i if i take some oil some really slippery oil and i put it on the ground in front of and underneath the filing cabinet now i can move the filing cabinet much easier because the friction is gone right. So alpha stories and omega stories are complementary. But they're yin and yang of each other and you use them tactically very differently and.

Then. Finally we're going to talk to you about one of the most powerful applications of story that if you've ever been how many people have been ever been to a training like uh t harv ecker or mark victor hansen or lisa sassovich and at some point during the um during the training everybody gets up like a a massive stampede and rushes to the back of the room it's because embedded within the stories that they tell embedded within the stories that they tell are about 10 to 14 other techniques that they never teach their trainers about that you wouldn't you barely learn in an nlp class. So we call them ninja stories and. So this is where you use stories as a delivery mechanism to subliminally prime people to take certain actions behaviors to think a certain way to reframe certain beliefs before they voice them these are all the secrets behind the secret that people who are a-list and triple a-list presenters utilize we're going to break apart transcripts from these trainings and we're going to show you all the hidden stuff how to create them how to build them.

So that when you tell stories to build your business or to teach your students you can give the most powerful persuasion book. Humanly possible okay. Uh and again this is really a a big deal okay. So story work and it's based on neuroscience that human beings cannot resist the power of a story you have two choices when someone starts telling a story you either listen to the story or you leave either literally or metaphorically because at some point the story if it's done well with transportability six characteristics that make a story irresistible we're gonna teach them all to you in this course.

So that when you tell a story people are hanging on your every word right. Now think about the 17 videos that we talked about right. The cpi model the universal persuasion protocol everything in the killer influence manual now when you tell stories it's using their language it's bonding their criteria and values it's all these things are nested in your story see how much more powerful it gets right. We're going to give you this course absolutely free right.

It's a 1997 value you're gonna we can get it to free just for being part of our our training today and taking action total combined value is four thousand four hundred and eighty seven dollars if you register now before the end of the webinar. But we're not done yet we're gonna give you some more really cool stuff this is renegade reframing in the art of conversational belief change let me ask you a question what if by have any of you ever been told no. Or been given a reason for somebody not doing something you know is in their best interest i'm curious what would it be like if for every objection or every limiting belief somebody presented to you including yourself you had at least 14 different ways to change that belief or overcome that objection in seconds what if you could do it completely conversationally in normal conversations what would your life be like how many how many things could never ending irrational i don't know what that means jeffrey. But okay.

All right. Yeah. But what if you could change it instantly right. Overcome any objection change any belief right.

That's what renegade reframing is now running and reframing is actually based on a set of patterns that nlp researcher robert dilt uh observed by watching the founder of nlp richard bandler train his students right. And what what richard would do what if you could just destroy those excuses and make them just say okay. I'll do it right. And by the way you only need to use renegade reframing if you got level one wrong right.

But here's let me give you the the ideology of this. So you can appreciate this. So what richard would do is he would take his master practitioners students and he would say i have this belief you everyone in this room is trying to kill me or something like that and he would challenge his students to try and change that belief to change that irrational thought and what richard would do is every time one of his students would attempt to meta-model him or challenge that belief he would whip out one of these patterns and completely pardon my french mind the students right. And after a few trainings richard robert dill started noticing that there were patterns that richard was using to achieve this there was an actual structure to what richard was doing that would overcome the objections create a pattern interrupt in the minds of the person and create the opportunity for a much better belief a much more useful belief and he and he codified those patterns into 14 specific patterns that he termed sleight of mouth now unfortunately most people when you go to learn sleight of mouth it's really really challenging it's really difficult we've completely redesigned the sleight of mouth system.

So that it's super easy to learn it's fast there's actually a card game that comes with we call it the reframe game you can turn it into a drinking game if you want where somebody spits out a belief for a limiting belief and you you get you throw down a card it has the pattern on it and once you've been trained in the pattern you use that pattern to reframe the belief and you just round robin each other and it just builds on that. So we gamify to make it a really fun useful way to develop a powerful skill set that you can take out into the world and remove people's living beliefs overcome objections to anything you want somebody to do including yourself and we're giving it to you absolutely free just for being part of our ultra our ultra persuasion program can i use renegade reframes on myself one thousand percent in fact that's the. First person you should be using on in my coaching program which we're not talking about here um in my coaching program one of the. First things we do is we have people write down five limiting beliefs that they have and use the patterns on their own beliefs and you just see you just see all the sparks fly out of their brain as everything that that they thought was true they just start seeing it from a different perspective and it's perfectly natural it's perfectly organic there's nothing dishonest about it and you can use this as a way to protect yourself oh yes.

Absolutely even remove procrastination 100 100 um by the way if anybody's on the on the call tonight that's used as it's been through my reframing class and you have experienced that go ahead and answer michael's questions and and other people's too because again you expect me to promote my stuff you expect me to say our stuff is the coolest thing since sliced bread don't listen to me listen to the people in the chat who are actually using the materials who are actually getting the real world results okay. Do we have to start at cp1 it's included in the course i recommend you start there it's not a hundred percent necessary. But if you want the biggest bang for your buck uh can you buy it for your daughter 100 percent just uh reach out to stephanie and again i'll talk to you guys about that in a minute um 100 ways to use this and i use it all the time i use it with my kids you know i use it with my wife um i use it with um anytime somebody calls me that that is stuck with a limiting belief that they can't seem to get past i whip these out i do i use these. So often you know only my most advanced students tell when i can tell when i'm doing it because they have the training right.

And you'll be that good too right. You just got to follow the instructions right. And again this is yours 100 free. So 1997 value we're going to give it to absolutely free total combined value.

So far is uh six thousand four hundred and eighty four dollars if you register for this package before the end of the webinar. But we're not done yet guys i'm giving i'm giving you the kitchen sink if you register before the end of the webinar we're also gonna throw in uh this is a really really cool program this is called charisma and conversion. So how many of you have ever been in us in a training like t harbeckers or robert allen or tony robbins and you see how they just have these people flooding to the back of the room this is the entire system behind the system this is how to create powerful compelling presentations that have people hanging on your every word have them salivating to take their their the the. Next step with you that helps them digest the information and take action on it we're going to teach you two forms of group presentation this is not a course that teaches you how to hypnotize people like to stage hypnosis this is a course that teaches you how to have unstoppable charisma and hypnotic abilities to install learnings and motivation in people from the stage the fastest most powerful way to build your business with minimum money is through public speaking.

So for those of you who want to do things like what you see me doing right. Here on a webinar or in live and in person who do group presentations to ceos or venture capitalists this is going to teach you the nuts and bolts of how to create powerful compelling um fun and entertaining presentations basic stage craft how to position your talk position your your topic position your audience create your offer position your offer and deploy them. So you'll come away from this class with the ability to whip out a talk at a moment's notice for a podcast and how to repurpose your content that you do from your live events most of you are here because you saw me teaching a live event on youtube that's part of this course i will show you how i did that i will show you how to do it i will show you how to use meetup.com to fill your and fill your room and utilize that content to promote your business promote you again if you you have to have cpi one to really do the the rest of this courses. But it's included in your package.

So it's not a problem total value is 1997 value we're going to give it to you free because i want you to take this stuff out into the world i want you to be successful i want you to quote to quote zig ziglar i want you to get everything in life that you want by showing other people how to get exactly what they want it's total 8 481 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free. So let's just review really quick. So the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion home study course includes the 17 video seven stage universal persuasion protocol video training plus modules on proxemics social hypnotic operators drts attractivity affinity acquiescence it's going to teach you about meta programs it's going to teach you i think i mentioned social hypnotic operators all those things in that manual 418 value 2 497 value right. There we're also going to include absolutely free the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling secrets 1997 value we're going to include the renegade reframing how to instantly overcome and object and overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds 1997 value and.

Finally the charisma and conversion uh hypnotic presentation skills for speakers and public and presenters. So 1997 value right. Think about what you can do with this think about what just understanding the echo technique and the emotional bonding checklist allowed you to experience imagine what you can do with all of this right. Total value eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars okay.

Now the best part is i want today for you to have the best deal humanly possible i want you to be able to take this material go out into the world and get everything you want because i guarantee you you will make 10 12 20 times if you apply this and you apply it well you can make. So much more than the minimal investment. But we're not gonna make you pay eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars we're not even going to ask for six thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars in fact to get a little bit more internet marketing we're not going to ask for 53.47 we're not going to ask you for 3347. you can get everything we've talked about we're not even going to charge you 2 347 you can get every single thing and all the power that goes with it for one low investment of just nine ninety seven nine ninety seven and if you need a little extra help we have payment plans available if you need to if you want to you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397 spaced out over three months and you can get that material today and you can start rocking the world adding more zeros to your bottom line having more dates having better relationships motivating your team right. All you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and to quote austin you're not spending it brother you're investing in spending money is something that goes away and doesn't come back an investment is something you put in and you get back way more than what you invested this is an investment in you my friend and believe me you're worth it and you deserve it okay.

It's okay. Jeffrey i get it i get it you know i i was i was very much in those situations back in the day too if you have questions now by the way if you've been be bopping around planet david for any length of time and you see things in this package that you already have if you go to our website or you talk to stephanie at stephanie nlp power or you call her it 858 282 4663 and if there's any duplicates in the package we can swap them out if the price points are of equal or lesser value. So if you want to cut that way you can get a more customized uh pertinent package for yourself. So once again it's one installment of 997 or three easy payments of 397. you go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go on a.

Second i want to get to my youtubers here oops there we go hold on a. Second i accidentally clicked on the link and went up somewhere else uh i don't want my music ubers to miss out on this. So hold on a. Second let me post that link for them.

But we're not done yet guys stay with us remember we got part three coming up we're going to come back we're going to continue to teach we're going to continue to build on the foundations uh john all of the content is immediately downloadable including the manuals uh. So literally the moment the moment your pro your uh your your transactions processed let's definitely know she'll start giving access to stuff no. I didn't say it would be free thank you vanessa nice try though. But i am going to give you a lot of free stuff that you can take out into the world and use okay.

So again just go to the the link in your chat there is uh www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go nice try though vanessa thanks all right. Now another thing while we're on the subject there's absolutely zero risk for this all right. Here's what i want you to do grab your course try it do do the drills do the skills apply them in the real world for a full 60 days if after 60 days you're not making more money closing more deals getting more dates having better relationships becoming more secure and confident and personally powerful winning social encounters and becoming more and more irresistible if none of those things are true for you i will refund every dime you invested because if this stuff doesn't work for you i don't want your investment i want you to find something that actually does work for you. But what you'll discover and i truly believe this what you'll discover when you start applying these techniques is i've actually understated what these things will do for you use it for a full 60 days if you have any questions if you have any problem with implementing the material in any way pick up the phone give us a call we will help you do this stuff better if after 60 days you're still not getting the results that you want we'll refund you again if we if if you're not being successful we don't want your investment it's that simple we want you to win you don't do us any good not winning we want your we want your testimonials we want your field reports we want to use you as an example of what's possible if you're ready if you deserve it grab your course now before they're all gone okay.

Www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go okay. Now there's a certain group of you out there who i love i call you the early adopters the action takers the proactive people of the world and for those of you who are ready those of you who are just chomping at the bit i have some special special gifts for you if you've already clicked that link you get all this stuff and more if you grab your course today before march 16th 2022 at 11 59 pm i'm also going to include these amazing fast action bonuses now these bonuses are only good until i log off the webinar tonight. So when i look. When i click off zoom these go away the other bonuses the renegade reframing storytelling and charisma and conversion they're good until 11 59 pm tonight the following fast action bonuses they go away when i do.

So if you like even a little bit of what you've seen you're going to love everything else okay. So you'll get these fast action bonuses. First and foremost you're going to get a three-month trial to our free vip pass to our mastermind mentoring practice group this is a three-month trial membership and unlimited access to our 11-year video archive this is a 1597 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free let me explain this a little bit. So you understand exactly what you're getting i created the ultimate the ultra persuasion program for people to learn from home for people to be able to actually welcome aboard james i'm glad you're with us to be able to study and learn and practice these skills on their own time.

But if you've been around planet david for any length of time you know that if you if you come to me and you say david i i know you have a live training coming up. Next month i know uh and uh there's a video on the training i'm curious i'm torn which one i should do should i go to the live event or should i go should i get the video without a flicker of a doubt without a hesitation the. First thing i'm going to say to you is get your ass to the live events because once you're in the live event i can watch you i can give you feedback i can customize drills and installations to make sure you walk out of there embodying this material able to do it anytime anywhere under any circumstances not only that you are going to meet some of the coolest most amazing loving people on the planet all with a vested interest in learning this material better and helping you get better by getting better themselves all right. So if you it to me it's not even a choice if you have to choose between a live event and a video get your ass to the live event.

But with coven kobe drove it home more than anything sometimes you can't get to the live event logistics finances whatever and. So i had to sit back and ask myself how do i replicate as much of that experience as humanly possible and that's what we created the ultra persuasion package that we're talking to you about right. Now. But there's another way that we can do it and it's actually one of the very.

First ways 2010 i created a on a an in-person mentoring program it's a group process where people come in from all over san diego and i would literally go around the room and say seth what do you want to learn ben what do you want to learn leonard what do you want to learn jeff what do you want to learn joanne what do you want to learn holly what do you want to learn stephanie what do you want to learn and i take everything they want to know about and i write it on my board and i step back and i look. At it and i ask and i i try i figure out where do all these things intersect what sys what series of techniques links all these things together. So everybody can get what they came for i create that lesson plan right. On the spot i've been doing it for 11 years.

Third saturday of every month like clockwork and i drill you on those skills for four five six hours depending on how much time we have it's usually a four to five hour block until you can do them in your sleep you will not get a certificate from the nlp power master my mentoring program what you will get is the difference that makes the difference and that difference is the hands-on you're going to get to roll up your sleeves both virtually and in person and do real drills in real time with real people and get real live feedback you'll be surrounded by all kinds of cool people just like you who like to do cool stuff all focused on the specific skill sets that you need to win in the world at the end of that training you go off into the world to apply your new jedi skills you come back. Next month. Third saturday 11 a.m and yeah i'm going to ask you the same question what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today i'm going to write them on the board and we're going to drill you on the. Next level of skills that you want to focus on okay.

That's the nlp power mastermind mentoring program we have run it light clockwork every single saturday give or take for 11 years the best part you get three months to come in and actually do the work if you like it stay if you don't hey you met some cool people who like to do cool stuff and had a chance to practice. But the even one of the other best parts is we've videotaped every single one of those training sessions since 2010. we've archived them on the nlp power website on our private facebook. Group and a good chunk of it is now on our youtube channel in the private members only section as a member of the nlp power mastermind you get unlimited access for the full 90 days you're in the program to every single one of those videos all 11 years stuff that's never been seen on youtube never been in a product completely virgin and it covers everything from energy healing to law of attraction to trauma resolution to marketing to sales to attraction dating subduction energy healing accelerated learning if it involves mind body and spirit and performance enhancement it's in there right. And you can binge watch it to your heart's content there's over 300 videos in there between the different archives you get to watch it all right.

Total total value 1597 right. We're gonna give it to you free if you're one of the. First 27 people to grab your course today okay. But we're not done yet be one of the.

First 27 we're also gonna and total value by the way is uh ten thousand seven seventy eight dollars if you had ever add everything up okay. We're also going to throw in our stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course now stealthy believe it or not is actually an acronym yes. It sounds cool. But it actually stands for something it stands for strategic suggestion through emotionally amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis this is the the the conversational hypnosis course everybody wishes they had because it allows you to learn the core language patterns instant and rapid inductions the three magic questions protocol that takes people from perfect stranger to being on the verge of of deep level love uh in under 20 minutes it's the course that allows you to look.

To watch it tonight be hypnotizing people tomorrow uh there's about six extra bonus videos in there called uh the instant influence uh mini course where you see me teaching language patterns to a meetup group here in san diego uh there's also i believe a video in there called anchors in action which is how to do nlp style anchoring uh how to collapse anchors how to set anchors i believe there's also a small segment on how to hijack other people's anchors. So that you can just push their buttons anytime you want to and i believe the. Last thing is there's a another deep level training on hypnotic hot button which is a form of criteria and value solicitation it comes with manuals it comes with transcripts it comes with workbooks designed for one thing and one thing only for you to watch a couple hours of video tonight be hypnotizing people tomorrow or in three hours if you don't want to wait until the. Next day it's a total of 997 dollar value we're going to include this for you absolutely free total combined value as far as 11 075.

But we have one final gift for you and to me this alone i think is the single biggest uh no-brainer. But again don't believe me to judge for yourself for the. Next 27 people who grabbed the secrets of person of human influence ultra persuasion home study package and all the other bonuses we've talked about we're going to gift you a free vip super ticket to our. Next killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis live four day certification boot camp april 27th through the 30th in orlando florida it's a two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value you can attend the entire training absolutely free if for some reason you can't make that training we will move you to the.

Next killer influence training and you can use it. Then the beautiful thing about our vip tickets is that they don't expire you have this ticket for as you have it until you use it if it takes you five years to come to a killer influence event and use that ticket it's still good if something comes up at the. Last minute that you suddenly can't attend the training there's around another round of flight bans or you know our president has an existential crisis and won't let anybody travel all you do is pick up the phone let stephanie know we'll move you to another training if the training is full and you show up with one of these vip tickets we will find a seat for you we will make a seat for you okay. If you want to gift this to somebody who you think needs it more than you do we will honor that vip ticket for that person if you want to come to a training that's in another country and the price points are different like when we go to europe we go to uh the uk we do everything in pound sterling and euros the exchange rate is significantly different price points to the events no.

Longer matter as long as you have one of these super vip tickets you get to walk right. To the front of the room sit in the front row no. Money down okay. No.

Money down this is for our killer influence live 2022 it's a four-day certification boot camp at the rosen plaza in orlando florida it's a beautiful hotel and again you'll learn how to control your emotional states at will how to emanate charisma on command everything we've talked about in the manuals in the in the very. First part of the 17 videos we're going to learn all of that and more. But we're actually i also teach face reading and suggestibility accelerators and a whole bunch of stuff i didn't talk about in these live events because the courses are constantly evolving if you want to take all of your skills and embody them to move through the world exerting influence anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason this is the ultimate cherry on the sunday this will take you from zero to hero in four short days you will not believe the transformations you'll be undergoing and you'll be making meeting and making friends with some of the coolest lifelong friends you'll ever have right. So yeah that's what we got total value for everything that i've talked about is thirteen thousand three hundred and twenty five dollars all you gotta do to grab it all for today for just 9.97 is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and you're going to get that secrets of human influence home study course valued at two thousand four hundred and seventy nine dollars you're gonna get weapons of mass instruction 997 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get renegade reframing out of objection obliteration 1997 value absolutely free charisma conversion 1 997 value you're going to get it free you're getting the nlp power mastermind mentoring program trial membership and video archive 1 597 value you're going to get it free and stealth instant conversation crash course 997 value free and.

Finally that killer influence vip super ticket four day certification boot camp live in orlando florida april 27 through the 30th at the rosen plaza hotel 2 250 you get it for free total value 13 325 all for one low installment of 9.97 or three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.go i'm sorry forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and we will help you get enrolled right. For those of you who have questions a couple of things if you're going to call stephanie and by the way people always have questions you need to call 858-282-4663 now stephanie is my administrative goddess she is able to help you holly is helping seth is here answering questions brandon's in the background when you call stephanie and you get her voicemail if you get her voicemail you must must must leave your contact information do not expect stephanie to just reach out to you willy-nilly unless you call her or reach out to her. First she only returns calls she doesn't reach out proactively if you want this you got to pick up the phone or you got to send an email you can go to www go to stephanie nlpower.com right. Or call 858-282-4663 please please please leave your contact information if you call and you get her voicemail and you leave your contact information you will qualify for the bonuses that we're offering if you do not leave your contact information and you call tomorrow you will not qualify for the bonuses okay.

I can't make it um any more explicit i'll say it a couple of times because people sometimes hear what they want to hear i want you to have these packages guys. But you got to follow the rules all right. Call stephanie she'll answer any questions that you have if you get her voicemail leave your name your telephone number and email she will contact you within the. Next 24 hours and get all of your questions answered if she can't do it right.

Away and she'll get your payment plan set up and she'll go over any if you need any substitutions or customizations to your package she can help you with that okay. She can help you with that okay. So i'm gonna i'm gonna post these links one more time and. Then we're gonna go ahead and i'm gonna give you a seven minute break to go and do what you gotta do when we come back we're gonna circle around again we're gonna pick up where we left off on the echo technique on the emotional bonding checklist and.

Then i'm going to ask you what else you want to learn about and we're going to spend the rest of our time together uh drilling and skilling okay. So without further ado it is 5 52 by my clock we're going to take eight minutes while you guys finalize your packages do whatever it is you got to do and we'll come back and we'll start teaching again. So clock's running just a potty break folks in fact i just saw that i just got it. So what we'll do is we got about two minutes left before uh the official break is over.

So if anybody has questions uh go ahead and post them in the chat and i'll answer the questions and. Then we'll start we'll start with the content as soon as the official break is up if you guys were wondering if you're joining us from the uk or whatever yes. There will be a replay in fact if you go to youtube immediately after this webinar is over uh give it maybe five or ten minutes to render um this video should be available i usually go in and edit some of this stuff out. So if there's a little bit of a lag time up before the video starts just fast forward that'll be gone in a couple of days um.

But yeah what questions do you have about the content we've covered. So far what do you want to focus on what do you want to learn more about um this is this is the perfect time to kind of customize the webinar to your applications what do you want to what do you want to drill down on talk to me oops sorry about that i hit the wrong button uh there we go looks pretty when it flashes by like that don't it influence co-workers without direct authority oh very good very easy very easy to do. But the question is what do you want them to do see a lot of times influencing them is easy once you understand how they work the question becomes what are you influencing them to do are you influencing them to try and do something that's going against their values or their morals or are you um you know something that what if you want to reverse a feeling use their safety equipment okay. Hold on a.

Second let me jump out okay. So let me let me take a look. At some of the chats and see what we got okay. So scott's asking about influencing co-workers without direct authority uh to use their safety equipment okay.

David lisa says i got my course in january is there a manual with that please yes. There is reach out to stephanie she'll make sure you get it i'm surprised you didn't reach out to us sooner i like the feeling of wanting to not want it oh that's easy to change okay. All right. So let's talk about that for a minute.

So. First of all getting people to to do things they don't want to do is actually quite easy you know in killer influence we talk about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic power the. First one is authority authority is someone is is really the only of the only one of the four that doesn't rely or doesn't need rapport to manifest right. Now if you want to influence somebody without having the authority you can you can adopt the physiologies of authority and what does that look.

Like in killer in uh killer influence and in cpi which is in your one of the. First things that we're going to teach you is what we call state control and state control has two components to it. First of all let's define what state control actually is state control in our world is the ability to enter or exit any psycho-emotional state at will in any order or sequence no. Matter what and.

So we divide physic we divide state control into two primary categories of state work you have what we call physiologically driven state control and you have cognitive cognitively driven state control now i'm going to give you one of the most important principles of human influence that i've ever come across it seems ridiculously simple and yet it's everything and it flies in the face of what pretty much all of nlp is teaching us. But functionally this is how it works i want you to write this down everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. You're a human being you're feeling driven too now a lot of people like to pride themselves on their rationalness or their logicalness you're not they're just lead-ins to whatever generates whatever causes your body to generate the feelings that you actually do act on now when it comes to applied state control the fastest way to get somebody to change a decision to change a perspective is to change their body feelings right. The way you can say is all learning and all decisions are state dependent you all know this by the way how many of you have ever been little children if you've been a little child at one time in your life type it in the chat me right.

And you all know this how do i know because i have children and i was one too. But you all know that when there was something you wanted from your parents the. First thing that you did was try to figure out who was in a better mood true or not true if there was something that you know was really important the. First thing you did was look.

For who was in the better mood why why did you look. For who was in a better mood because even as a child you instinctively understood that if somebody's in a better mood when you ask them for something they're far more likely to say yes. Right. But it's deeper than that you see your body feelings control a part of your brain known as your reticular activating system that reticular activating system controls your attention and specifically it controls what you pay attention to.

So if i put somebody in a good mood i give them good body feelings their reticular activating system shifts my put my focus to everything in my environment that's positive if i shift them into a negative body feeling the reticular activating system shifts what i pay attention to to everything that's negative i give those things priority okay. That's the basics of it. But it goes way deeper and here's how it works fastest way to change a person's decision is to change their body feelings you guys with me on this type in the chat if you're with me this is important this is a little bit more theory than i normally give in a webinar. But i want you to get this now the fastest way to change another person's body feelings is to change yours.

First let me repeat that fastest way to change a person's state or decisions is by changing their body feelings the fastest way to change a person's body feelings is to change yours. First you see you can influence other people's states. But you can completely control your own and that's why if you look. At our cpi diagram right.

You have state control you have rapport you have language you have state management right. Why because you can control your state. But you can only manage the states of other people you can't ever completely control how somebody is going to respond or interpret the information that you're sending them. But you can strongly influence how they are most likely to do that and if you're echoing them effectively you are sending massive amounts of sameness messages to every level of their mind and body that results in powerful feelings in their body that are positive and they're directed at you.

So this person will automatically link positive feelings to the target of the of the person giving the language back to them does that make sense okay. Okay. So just what you've learned at the beginning of this webinar is already putting you in the position of being everybody's favorite person and because you're the person that when they look. At you they talk to you they interact with you they feel.

So good they tend to give you what you want. But. Then you make it even deeper right. So scott had a question about how do i get people to do things they don't want to do even if i don't have the authority to do it criterion values right.

Now there's lots of different ways to tap into a person's emotional bonding checklist tina's saying i would think though if either party had childhood trauma that would complicate matters depends on the context tina it really depends on the context we're gonna we're carla we're gonna talk more about the about that now remember in nlp they call it criterion values in our world um i tend to try and leave that all that jargon behind. So we call it the emotional bonding or emotional motivation checklist right. Does that make sense are you guys with me on that all right. So let's get.

First. So. First and foremost let's get really really really good at echo technique would that be useful you think if i could show you a simple easy way to get really good at the echo technique and be effective out in the real world would that would that be a good start okay. I'm gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna start with the echo technique we're gonna drill down on a little bit more on the emotional bonding parts and.

Then i'm gonna do is if it's okay. I'm gonna finish with the resistance removal formula and this is once again a way to motivate people to want to do things they just said they don't want to do all right. Now there's lots of reasons why people say no. To us there's lots of people reasons why people act out and again in the space of a three-hour webinar we can't unpack all of those.

But i can tell you that no. Matter what the situation is we use these tools they're the exact same tools you just may apply them slightly differently just like sometimes with a knife you may you may you know carve out a delicate silhouette sometimes you just cut slices sometimes you stab things it's the same knife right. It's how you use it that that makes the difference. So let's look.

At let's look. First and foremost at the echo technique and why are we always going why do we always go back to this echo technique because the echo technique is the feeder into everything else. So from the echo technique i can go into three magic questions from the echo technique i can go into emotional bonding checklist from the echo technique i can go into the resistance removal protocol and the echo technique is utilized in all of these consistently throughout it's like the thread that ties everything together and when you don't know what to say in a conversation you go back to echoing them okay. But there's an algorithm that i've taught my students that i've developed over time that i have found to be ridiculously useful in every context where i need to be effective at echoing and minimize the risk of getting caught now remember where you come from with the echo technique is actually way more important than the skill with echoing that you have if you come from a sincere desire to to understand that person better and to send messages to them that you're trying to understand them better.

Then you can't get caught in a negative way and even if you do you it's not bad unless you stop doing it because if you stop doing it after they've caught you it's like admitting you were doing something nefarious like you were doing something sneaky or underhanded the best thing you can do when you get caught is acknowledge it tell them why you're doing what you're doing and. Then just keep doing it because after about two minutes they'll forget you're echoing them and feel good about you again. Anyway don't believe me go do it try to get caught. First and foremost notice how hard it is right.

And if when you do get caught say hey i'm just i'm doing this because i learned it's the best way for people to really understand one another and to signal that they understand each other and i just want to understand you better would that be okay. Now if they say no. You got other stuff going on right. And it's their issue not yours.

But let's look. At the master echo sequence. So when you're going to deploy the echo technique i want you to use this format whenever possible this is called the master echo sequence okay. You might want to take a screenshot of this.

So if we look. When we look. At this master echo technique what do we see we see ask a question pay attention to the response sorry pay attention to the response that they give you validate their response echo their words ask another question let me repeat that three more times just. So you have it when you're deploying the echo technique out in the world you ask your question you pay attention to their responses you validate their response you echo their words you ask again one more time with feeling ask your question pay attention validate their response echo their words ask another question if you just do that when you what i want you to do one of the.

First things i want you to do is go back and look. At my demo when i'm demonstrating uh the bernice demo remember notice how many times i asked the question i paid attention to their response and. Then i validated what they said in some way right. So it might be as simple as someone like let's say i'm talking to somebody about um something polarizing right.

Like russia versus ukraine right. That's the that's the polarizing topic of the day right. Right. And one person might say um i think that nato just needs to go in there and make russia a parking lot for what they did to ukraine and.

Then this other person again this is this is again polarizing we wouldn't normally do i'm using a worst case scenario just to show you what you can do with this you might say you know what i'm curious what what is it about what's going on with russia and ukraine that makes you think that we should turn russia into a parking lot for what it's doing in ukraine and that person might say something to the effect of well i just think any any form of aggression is you know is wrong and needs to be met with an equal amount of force and a definitive action oh i see. So you think any form of just. So i understand you better. So you think that any form of regression should be met with decisive the decisive show of force and i think you know what i 100 agree that something should be done uh and there should be a decisive show of force.

So just. So i understand you better um what kind of decisive show force do you think would be appropriate other than maybe turning up the entire country into a parking lot what did i do can anybody kind of analyze what i did did i ask a question yes. Did i ask a question yes. Did i pay attention to the response did i validate their answer yes.

I did and validation is the key one of the things that happens when a person gets their very own words back it neurologically affirms their perspective and point of view when you signal agreement in some way like for example i didn't necessarily agree that russia needed to be made a parking lot. But i did agree that some decisive action needed to be taken right. I completely agree that some of that kind of decisive action needs to be taken other than turning around and besides turning other than turning russia into a parking lot or the whole country into parliament what else might be a useful process. So i asked the question i paid attention to the response i validated them and this is a big deal human beings are validation seeking creatures yes.

You can absolutely validate without agreeing in fact that's one of the in nlp that's called a uh agreement frame right. What did i do i asked the question i listened i validated their response i signaled to them that i did not i wasn't judging or making what they said wrong i signaled that i heard them that i agreed with them on some level and. Then i asked another question and that question redirected that person to something other than turning the entire country into a parking lot ask your question pay attention pay attention pay attention validate the response echo ask again right. And now this person from that one interaction will start to generate other ways that the ukraine situation could be handled other than making the turning the entire country to glass right.

Well again i i deliberately picked a very polarizing topic everybody has an opinion right. One way or another about this this is not something that is small for any of us. But my point is is that i wanted you to see and hear what the echo technique sounds like when it's deployed kenneth curran says could validation be i hear yeah it could be um you got to be careful with that sometimes though you got to be careful and the average person probably won't can the average person probably won't pick up the subtlety of it. But somebody who's trained in nlp when you when you when you change modal your predicates when you go from like seeing what you're saying to hearing what you're talking about or i hear what you're saying right.

Um it could if you're if you're trained it can send up a little flag. So one of the ways that that i find is actually a better way to get agreement and say you agree is what we call the chunk up chunk down principle and. So what does that mean it means that when i when i hear something that's problematic right. I i either go more global.

So person says i think that russia should be turned into a parking lot right. Well that's very specific and it's very um obvious right. But if i go if i just chunk up i remove the content and rather than say turning russia into a parking lot i might say you know what i absolutely agree that something needs to be done about the russian situation right. The fact that they heard me say i agree creates alliance in the person's mind people are always looking for alliance that you chunked up they don't miss they don't quite consciously catch that.

But you can congruently agree with something at a global level or you can chunk down you can get more specific you'll find something in what they said that is more granular and agree with that for example i think you know russia should be turned into a parking lot for all the things that it's doing uh to the ukraine you might say well you know i absolutely agree that certain military actions need to be taken on key points that are causing the greatest amount of harm to the ukrainian people you see can you can you hear what i'm doing here. So one is where i'm going more global the other is where i'm finding something small and granular in the statement that i can ethically congruently agree with right. Um i'm just you know for i i experi. But i experienced tonality very kinesthetically.

So for some reason you know i i i my languaging is very much guided by my inner sensitivities and. So when i hear people say. So what i hear you saying is or i see what you're you know that that that that sends off it sends off a signal to me again i'm highly trained. So this could be just something that is specific to me.

But if it's specific to me and i can i can make it easier for you. So much the better. So again the idea is human beings are always looking for alignment they're always looking for alliance and. So the sequence you want to follow is always going to be you ask your question you pay attention to their response you validate their response you echo you ask again now i used a very problematic conversation as an example please believe me when i say that 99 of your conversations won't be like that they will be much more com cordial they'll be much more fun they'll be much more exciting uh and less charged with the negative emotion if that's if that makes any sense.

So one of the best places to use this is in what we call three magic questions protocol which we don't have time to cover on today's webinar. But i wanted to give you guys the master echo sequence right. So here's what i'd like you to do would you like to i'd like you to i'd like to give you a chance to practice this a little bit. So what i'm going to ask you to do is i'm going to i'm going to i'm going to ask one of you to just type it as a question in the chat i'm going to answer that question when i answer that question i want you each to type into the chat a response using the master echo formula.

So in other words somebody's going to ask me a question i'll pick the question i'll answer the question you're going to listen to my response you're going to pay attention you're going to echo back what i said and you're going to ask another question does that make sense i'm going to drill you on it really quick just. So you kind of get it locked in can we do that okay. Cool. So um let's have jeffrey type a question in the chat for me and make it something you would you would encounter on a day-to-day basis jeffrey turnbull go ahead since uh my turn to pick on you wait a minute he didn't tell me he was going to test us on this wait a minute i'm supposed to get some free stuff and go out into the world he wasn't gonna make i don't know he's gonna make me actually do it welcome to my world babies when you come to killer influence okay.

What do i think about dj trump well you know i think trump had some good ideas. But i think i also think he the way he went about implementing some of those ideas was just mind-numbingly bad you know and i think that ultimately you know we need to learn we need to learn to separate what's right. And what's wrong for ourselves rather than having other people decide for us. So he could benefit from my courses yes.

He probably could now again at the risk of pissing again you know what i'm going to shut up we got to do that exercise. So pay attention to what i said i said i think trump had a lot of good ideas. But the way he went about installing them and and facilitating them was just bonehead stupid yeah yeah jamie i think trump had some good ideas. But he implemented them badly yeah.

But you forgot something what's the full sequence ask your question pay attention validate echo ask again try it again with the full sequence i'm going to list another i'm gonna look. At other people's um statements good. But thank you for being. First right.

Again it's this is no. You know it's a little nerve-wracking sometimes when somebody's gonna actually parse your language and teach them having trouble with the validate okay. Find something that you can agree with even that you heard me all the people voted for democracy okay. Excellent that was a good one okay.

So jamie says. So certainly trump and good idea had good i think he meant to had good ideas and what and what were some of them okay. Good certainly trump had some good ideas what were some of them perfect that's actually good right. Um yeah.

So that's better jamie good. So you're getting the idea. So the idea is once again one taxes. Anyway uh.

So you. So you think that some of the decisions trump made were good you stated that you went about them wrong yes. Okay. You could again for those who have trouble with the validation part you got to get your emotion out of it okay.

Because again your your goal here is to be strategic. So you could say you know what i absolutely agree that many people believe a lot of trump's ideas were valid and good ideas and it was quite obvious that his implementation was off in a lot of different ways right. So julie i would be careful with let me be clear. So you think trump had some good ideas because the way i'm reading that is very accusational and very partisan remember the job here is to create alignment with the person okay.

You want the person to believe and feel that you are an ally that you are an enemy right. If you start vilifying people in your mind you're going to 100 percent kneecap your ability to influence with the exception of alienating people okay. In every conversation there will always be something you can find that is that you have in common whether it's something very very small or something very global your job is to find it because if you're doing this you can't get them to do that okay. This is where we as students of influence must understand that we need to exert state control over things right.

We can't let our states control us because that's how trump took. The election he turned the entire election into reality tv the. First one okay. I'm just i'm not political by the way in case you were wondering i'm a student of influence i look.

At influence tactics right. So you want to know what i think about trump i think trump has been tasked with some used decisions okay. So again you guys you guys are giving me great examples. But you're not doing what i asked you to do okay.

Remember you ask your question all right. Alvaro says naturally i'm curious as to how you know how you know if you may possibly think that trump had some good okay. This is closer i agree trump had some good ideas and probably went about them the wrong way what are some of them okay. That's good that was good that was good now you don't have to say you agree that trump had some good ideas if you remember my example earlier i said you know i absolutely agree that many people feel that trump had some good ideas did you hear what i said i absolutely agree that many people feel that trump has some good ideas i never said i did get it right.

Validation doesn't necessarily mean you agree it means you accept what they said is true for them right. If you happen to agree it's even better right. But the act of validating the response without vilifying it guys gals this is the deal you can't vilify people and want and expect them to be in your camp it doesn't work that way all right. So the validation piece is the is that one of the most critical now when people get their own words back to them they're going to feel validated.

Anyway. But they're also like does this person really mean what they're saying right. There all of a sudden their heart starts to open they start to they start to reveal the tender insides a little bit more they become more vulnerable what are you going to do with that vulnerability are you going to stick a knife in it or are you going to you know are you going to massage it. So that it opens more.

So that this person reveals who they are feels good about revealing themselves to you and creates a bond with you that you can use effectively and ethically does that make sense right. Remember words are powerful. But if if by your intonation your emotional state you taint your words you're gonna poison the interaction. So what okay.

People are again we probably need to focus on different things all right. But again people want to play politics i'll play politics all day long right. But are you understanding what i'm getting at right. So carl carla says.

So that i understand you better you agree that trump had some good ideas. But. Then he went about yes. 100 that was perfect carla now what would be the.

Next question you might ask all right. Let me let me just read carla's answer again because it if you think about it the best answer isn't actually rocket science right. I'm going to read carla's answer because it's just a very textbook. Example of what you go for right.

So that i understand you better. So you agree that trump had some good ideas. But that he went about them badly i agree that he could benefit from some of your courses what courses would you recommend or could i benefit from right. This is i mean again i didn't i didn't see the.

Second part i didn't realize he was she was plunking my course. But. But yeah. So again why is this important because you want to signal to the person that you hurt them that you understand them right.

And the moment they do that they become more open to your influence you want to learn to influence people from inside not out does that make sense go ahead and answer because okay. All right. So let's talk about the. Next piece of the puzzle right.

Which is what do you do when people say they don't want to do something how do you get people to want to do what they just said they don't want to do robin says i've been missing out on the validation part thanks long stare okay. So there's a part there's a formula that i'm going to teach you it's called the resistance removal protocol and the most important piece of the training is called restore personal autonomy. So let me see if i can find my notes here on this uh before we get into that let's just remind people really quick um we have an offer that expires when i log off tonight it's the secrets of human influence home study course it's uh again the secrets of human influence package two thousand four hundred seventy nine dollars you're also gonna get absolutely free the weapons of mass instruction uh storytelling and metaphor training one thousand nine hundred and ninety seven dollars you're gonna get that absolutely free you're gonna get the objection obliteration uh renegade reframing out of conversational belief change one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value absolutely free you're gonna get the charisma conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value you're gonna get that absolutely free you're going to get the free nlp power mastermind mentoring 90-day trial with the 11-year video archive access for that full 90 days 1 597 value we're going to give that to you free we're also going to give you the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course died at 997 we're going to give that to you absolutely free and. Then.

Finally for those of you who are the. First 27 to register before i log off the webinar we're going to give you that special vip super ticket gets you free pass to our four-day killer influence certification covert four days. So uh covert hypnosis certification boot camp and live in orlando florida april 27 to the 30th valued at thousand two hundred fifty dollars we're gonna give that to you absolutely free total value this package is 997 dollars or you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397. all you need to do to claim yours is go to www www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go the fast action bonuses go away when i log off the rest of the the program is available until 11 59 pm tonight. So all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and you can claim your package and you can get deep dive into all these amazing secrets of human influence and believe me when i say or don't believe me as the case may be get the course put the stuff into operation and prove it to yourself everything comes with a 60-day money-back guarantee if it doesn't deliver as much or more than i'm saying let us know we'll give you a refund it's that simple all you have to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go when would now be a good time to go to www.killer influence forward slash go all right.

Let's talk about the resistance removal protocol. So. First rule restore personal autonomy what does that mean that means if there's something somebody says they don't want to do the. First thing you have to do is convince them that it's okay.

With you if they don't do it you follow me the. First rule when it comes to transforming resistance is you have to give people back their sense that it's okay. To say no. Right.

So the the classic example that i use because i i deal with a lot of therapists a lot of coaches a lot of personal trainers people who are in some kind of behavioral modification field right. And. So one of the hardest people to deal with are times of customers to deal with are smoke cessation customers people who love smoking because the vast majority of people who smoke actually like smoking they don't want to quit. But everyone around them wants them to quit and.

So they wind up browbeating and ball busting and getting these people feeling bad about themselves at the point where all right. Fine i'll i'll go have somebody make me quit which is the. First red flag anytime somebody walks into your office and the. First words out of their mouth is i need you to make me x warning okay.

They've shifted locus of control outside of themselves right. They're they're acting as if something is going about to be put on them instead of something they want it's a big deal right. Uh stephanie's pretty busy right. Now if you haven't received your information yet.

First of all check your spam because a lot of times it goes to spam otherwise call her directly and leave a message and she'll get back to you within 24 hours. So the. First thing that's got to happen is you have to be sensitized as to whether somebody's coming to you because of a problem that they have or a problem that somebody else has right. So someone comes in for smoking they'll say hey um yeah i need you to make me quit smoking and say oh really.

So you need me to make you quit smoking yeah yeah my wife has been on my case for ever and my kids are now on the bandwagon and they're all just complaining about how my clothes stink and how i smell like an ashtray and and my wife says i'm spending too much money on cigarettes. So you know i i got tired of listening to him a little bit and i just decided that you know i need to i need to stop smoking. So i need you to make me quit smoking okay. What would you do in that situation by the way did you catch the echo sequence okay.

The moment you echo somebody like that the floodgates are going to open and the. First thing i'm going to say is to look. Man or if it's a woman say look. Ma'am let me let me be up front with you really quick when you walk through that door it's about me and you what do i mean by that i get that your wife wants you to quit smoking i get that your kids want you to quit smoking everybody in your life wants you to quit smoking.

But you i'm thinking well yeah i don't really want to quit. But i think it's just best for everybody that i do you know what i'm sure you do think it's best for everybody that you quit. But i want to give you some some unsolicited advice and let you understand where i come from when you walk in that door it's all about how i can help you i think smoking is something that is a personal choice i think it's something that everybody has a right. To do or not do without influence or impact or or pressure from other people.

So i i get that your your wife has a noble idea your kids want what's best for you. But here's the truth when you walk in that door if you don't want to quit smoking i don't want you to quit smoking right. If you want to come in here and go through the motions and and just pretend that it didn't work i won't even charge you to sit here right. If you want to help if you want me to help you like smoking more i'll help you do that because i'm here for you if you want if you don't want to quit smoking you don't have to quit smoking you're right.

If you want to come and enjoy smoking more i'll help you do that. But i'm curious about something just. So i understand you better if you were to want to quit smoking not because not for your wife's reasons not for your kids reasons not for your mom's reasons or society's reasons if you were to want to quit smoking for you i'm curious about something why might you want to do that why might you want to quit smoking um well um well i guess i guess you know my i have been getting kind of short of breath lately and i'm i kind of think it might be impacting my health i think it might be better for my health if i just give up smoking and find something else oh. So you're having some trouble breathing and you think it might be impacting your health yeah yeah i'm having trouble climbing the stairs i don't want to say anything because you know i don't want anybody to worry and just be just be more fuel on the fire about the smoking thing you know i totally get it i totally get it you didn't want to add any fuel to the fire you didn't want any more pressure from outside and things of that nature.

So i'm curious on a scale of zero to ten how much might you wanna breathe better what how much might you wanna breathe better on a scale of zero to ten well uh ten man i wanna i mean oh really wow that's a lot why why do you want this. So much why didn't you rate it less what they do that by the way on a scale of zero to ten why why do you ten you know ten why do you why do you want why do you want this. So much why didn't you rate it less well because i need i have to breathe to live and if i don't if i can't breathe and i can't play with my kids and i can't go out and i can't do things oh. So you wanna go out and do things yeah yeah i wanna go out and do things i wanna have fun i wanna be able to breathe excellent.

So i'm curious what's the. Next step you and me need to take. So you can get breathing better well i i guess i need to get off the cigarettes oh okay. How soon you want to get started well let's do it right.

Now great let's go out talk to stephanie we'll get you signed up for your. First appointment get it what's the process restore person restore personal autonomy gotta come. First you gotta convince these people whoever they are that what they want is okay. You're not going to judge them you're going to give them complete freedom to not do those things.

Then you turn it around and you say look. Man or the woman just. So i understand you better i mean obviously you don't want to do this right. Because this and that and the other thing.

But i'm curious if you were to want to do this for your reasons you know the real reasons the right. Reasons what would your reasons be for for wanting to do this well it might be x and y and z and. Then maybe a little bit of one two and three oh. So it might be x and y and z and a little bit of one two three yeah yeah.

So i'm curious i'm wondering just. So i understand you better scale of zero to ten how might much you wanna do x and y and z and one two three yeah five or six okay. Why. So much why didn't you rate that less what i said why do you want this.

So much why didn't you rate it less well because it just makes sense to do it this way okay. So how soon you want to get started doing it this way well right. Now right. You guys want to play you guys want to experience this okay.

So here's what we're going to do i want you to think of something totally get it 10. So here's what i want you to do i want you to think of something again let's do something simple just to start. So you get the mechanics of it and you you see what it looks like when i deliver it now i want you to pay attention to what happens to your motivation when you go through it. So i want you to think of something that you don't want to do on a scale of zero to ten maybe it's a two three or four not nothing major right.

And i want you to understand something that if you don't want to do those things man i support you i believe you have a right. To choose not to do those things because nobody's right. To push you into anything and i'm going to support your ability your willingness to stand up to your own freedom in the light of your own truth i really believe that and i'm curious. So that i can understand you a little bit better all that stuff aside if you were to want to do that thing that we talked about that you're thinking about.

But do it for your reasons not not your mom's reasons or your boss's reasons or your kids reasons not because david says. So for your reasons why might you want to do it for you why might you want to do that right. Let's just say that out loud as if i'm in the room with you and i think that's great i think it's i think that's fantastic on a scale of 0 to ten how much might you want to do that. First impression oh okay.

And you can type your numbers in the chat if you want it's okay. Just for fun good. So i'm curious about something why did you rate that. So high why did you rate it less type your lesson type your reasons in the chat yeah why.

So high why you want that. So much and. Then speak here speak your reasons out loud notice what happens inside your mind. So i'm curious what's the.

Next step we need to take to do that because it's a top priority right. On shannon right. Now when you defended yourself when you said why did i want this. So much and you gave me a reason for those of you that did it when you did that what happened to your desire to do it type in the chat it went up exactly this triggers reactants in the direction of the solution right.

That's the word that's the um resistance removal protocol right. And you i've you i'm this by the way the magic of the nervous system is. So pervasive i've used almost this exact same technique to talk people out of being in pain the way your nervous system works at the level that this this process is happening there's no. Distinction between a physical pain and resistance and emotional pain and resistance you can go to you can go to um youtube and type in instant conversational pain relief and can watch me do almost this exact same protocol on a lady with back pain and you'll watch as her back pain disappears one number at a time it's crazy i was teaching a class one time i had three people in the room with tinnitus which is something i've had some of the most trouble uh helping people with i talked three of them out of their tinnitus using this process right.

Now the thing that got that again it's not confusion per se. But when i ask why. So much why didn't you rate it less you see they're expecting me to say why didn't i rate why didn't i i didn't ask them why didn't why they didn't rate it more because they're used to everybody attacking them for their thoughts and their ideas and their beliefs. So the moment you say why.

So much why why didn't you rate that less why do you want this. So bad they're not expecting that. But the moment you you flip the script on them they have to generate reasons for why they want it. So much the act of defending their rationale causes the desire to do it to grow stronger this is why you never use rhetorical arguments if you want to win somebody's heart because you may beat them over the head with the facts.

But you won't win their compliance you won't win their their values. So here's the here's the takeaway i gave you the protocol and i want to give you the the lesson i want you to learn when it comes to the human mind the rationalization that gets challenged only grows stronger when you force people to defend their beliefs and their statements they automatically become defensive the moment they become defensive that idea or notion that they had grows stronger and stronger and stronger that's why head-on collisions will never work you've got to have them generate a reason that they might want to do something and. Then attack that reason and. Then they resist you in the direction of compliance do you understand what i'm saying this means yes.

This means no. Type yes. In the chat okay. So.

First for scott's question if you've got someone who's not wearing the safety equipment the. First thing you got to say you got to say is man look. I get you don't want to wear the safety equipment i don't want to wear it either. But you know the rules are the rules and you know i get that sometimes we think the rules are and you know what if you don't agree with the rules.

Then you know what you know i think it's important that you know you do what you think is right. For you i support you man you know i mean if you want to take the risks and you know what that's cool i'm curious though man like if you were to actually want to wear that equipment for your reasons not just because the rules save it because you know you think it's a good idea why might you think it's a good idea why might you want to do that um yeah because you know it's probably just i got kids at home i don't want anything bad to happen to me. So because i'm bad happens to my kids oh. So like on a scale of zero to ten how much do you not want something something bad to happen to your kids well what ten oh wow that's a lot man why.

So much why didn't you realize well done man if something happens to me or something happens to my kids man what's gonna happen oh all right. So i'm you know. So what do you think is the best thing to do what's the. Next step we need to take to make sure that nothing bad happens to you or your kids oh i guess i guess i could wear the equipment scott what do you think is that a real life and enough example for you pretty good okay.

Again i'm i'm working with minimal information. But does everybody see how this works it always starts with restoring personal autonomy asking them to generate their own reason why they might want to do something attacking that re having them rate that reason on a scale of zero to ten attacking it asking them why they didn't rate it more or why they didn't rate it less depending on which direction you want them to go right. And. Then.

Finally what's the. Next step we need to take that's right. That's the resistance removal protocol. So it's coming up on seven ish it's like almost like you're becoming your owner in in many ways you are right.

Remember and i say i i i have this little pithy statement that sometimes people get sometimes i don't the best reason people have the base the best reason anyone has for doing the things they just said they want to do are the reasons that just came out of their mouth does that make sense. So again and. Then you can actually take the emotional bonding checklist you can blend it with the resistance removal protocol and. Then you have an advanced technique we call the criteria lock where you actually i'm curious just.

So i understand you better if you were to want to do this for your own reasons why might you want to do it and they might say x y z oh x y z awesome. So i'm curious what's important to you about xyz and now you're tapping into the emotional bonding checklist on top of the resistance removal protocol and now you've got a double whammy where you're tapping them into their emotional triggers and they'll just it just locks them in right. Again we'll cover that in killer influence and uh and some of the advanced trainings. But again all these things i'm teaching them to you individually.

But you combine them and you get a hole that's greater than some of the parts and they're like legos you can put them together to create anything you want i love the questions how does that work for you okay. Well remember. So has that work for you can be d again depend if you haven't restored personal autonomy if the person believes in any way shape or form that you will have an agenda other than supporting them they will push back they will get reacted on you they will be suspicious of you. So your.

First job has to be rapport and validation and support you have to convince that person that it's okay. For them to say no. And you support their freedom to do. So until you've done that they will view everything that comes out of your mouth through the lens of suspicion and manipulation okay.

You know thank you and i understand this a lot more he says excellent you guys have fun you learn a lot cool i'm curious if you would if you would help me out in the chats type in your top two or three takeaways from today's training just go ahead type it in whatever comes up well something like safety equipment you can't really tell them it's okay. Not to do it no. But you can paste it and. Then follow up.

So you could say like look. You and i both know the rules say it's not okay. To go without safety equipment and you and i both know that some of these rules are right. And some of these rules are you know.

So it's important that if we're going to do something we should do it for the reasons we support right. So you know i know why i would wear the equipment it has nothing to do with the rule set i'm curious just. So i understand you better if you wanted to wear this for your reasons why might you want to do it you know what's you know what's important about that boom and now you're off and running when in doubt echo it out right. Very good one of the biggest i'm gonna i'm gonna be up front with you you can persuade people to do a lot of stuff really fast when you understand this the problem is one of the things that will screw you up over and over and over again is a lack of patience patience is power because people have to process what you say they have to process it they have to think about it they have to let it ferment in their minds a little bit before it comes up has their own idea now many people started to learn nlp in related disciplines because they thought it was a faster way to get done and it is if you do it right.

Most people don't do it right. Right. The problem with nlp is that it's powerful in many cases it's too powerful you may you may deliver an nlp and again this is not an nlp class right. But there's a lot of things i learned from nlp that i want to share with you the problem with nlp is people don't soften what they do they deliver very powerful techniques.

But they deliver them in such a way that even though the person doesn't know what you did the technique is. So powerful that it gives them a visceral response that they push back against they don't know what you did. But they know you did something and that makes them suspicious it makes them reactant and it makes them analyze everything you say through a microscope you've got to dissolve that you've got to neutralize and soften right. You've got to generate validation and rapport a desire to be liked in from that person and when you can do that people will just hand you what you want and they'll feel good about it because they're getting what they want out of it too right.

So if you want to take this further if you want to level up your skills right. I'm about to level off tonight's training. So i'm going to just give you one. Last reminder for those of you who are on the fence this is the.

Last call we're offering the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion home study course it's a 2 479 value it's going to include the uh art and science of neurological narrative they call that weapons of instruction it's a 1997 value we're going to come we're going to include renegade reframing the art of objection obliteration and conversational belief change it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're going to throw in charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers 1997 dollar value we're going to give it to you free we're going to give you a three-month trial to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program get all the hands-on training you can handle on the. Third saturday of the month plus the 11-year archive full access for that entire 90 days 1 597 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course 997 dollar value absolutely free and. Finally the killer influence vip super ticket uh gets you all the free admission to our four-day killer influence covert hypnosis certification boot camp live in beautiful orlando florida it's a two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you free total package value is thirteen thousand three hundred and twenty five dollars you can get it all for one low installment of just 997 or you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go stephanie will help you if you need help with her call 858 282-4663 or you can email stephanie at nlpower.com please be sure to leave your contact information right. That's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go stephanie at nlpower.com 858-282-4663 all right.

That's about all i got time for today my friends i'm curious just. So i understand you better do you have any other questions i can answer before i make like the immortal cow burnette if i order the package and need an extra ticket for my wife how much would it be jonathan reach out to stephanie on the phone and she'll work out a deal for you okay. Um tina lee john says thank you dr schneider you're very welcome i hope this was useful i hope you guys go out into the world and get everything you want by helping everybody else get what they want there is tremendous tremendous power in these tools. But they only work for you if you use them.

So do the drills get the skills in the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long i love you all thank you. So much for spending your night with me i hope these tools do as much for you in your life as they've done for mine and if you have any questions let us know uh there will be a replay on youtube immediately after we log off webinar replays on our website will take a little bit longer because we have to download the video and upload it again.

But go ahead and click that link now before it's too late. Last chance. Last call if you're on the fence remember has a 60-day money-back guarantee if you're not getting the results after 60 days pick up the phone let us know and we'll make it right. Good night love you special thanks to stephanie and brandon holly and seth for being my wacko trolls in the background making things run smooth i love.
