Title: Hacking Body Language  - How To Catch Liars - Lie Detection Psychology Hypnosis NLP Simplified
File Name: mSXYSfMttMM.txt
Video Id: mSXYSfMttMM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSXYSfMttMM

Everybody stand up yeah everybody stand up this is where we start to get out of hypnotist mode everybody looking for the person immediately to your right. Immediately to your left stick out your hand look. Him in the eyes. And go [Music] do it [Music] all right.

Very nice all right. All right. I've just dispelled two two myths all right. Two problems that we have one the fear of making a fool of yourself and.

B. I can in fact get hypnotists to do anything. I want even if they don't want to all right. Now here's what.

I want to show you you know. I didn't say sit down. I can't take notes anymore okay. Followable things this means.

I know the answer this means. I don't oh yeah. I'm sorry yes. This means a whole.

I hope he doesn't call on right. This means yes. This means no. There will be a test if profanity foul language blunt talk or an occasional sexually inappropriate metaphor offends you there's a door okay.

I want to show. I want to share something with you guys just because um one of the things that. I spent a lot of time doing. I mentioned at the beginning of today's today's talk that.

I've authored over 15 different products on conversational and covert hypnosis and it's ironic really because if you come to my cover hypnosis class or my conversation hypnosis class the. First half day is on nothing. But. State.

Control how to utilize your physiology to put the whammy on people without saying a word okay. There is tremendous tremendous power in the physiology of the human body to influence the states of other people if you want if you want to check on the reference work behind this there's a a website called heartmath.org the human heart radiates an electromagnetic field eight feet in diameter that is measurable with instruments from the human body. Therefore at the ex at the most basic range you could be within 16 feet of somebody and train your nervous system to theirs shift your state and they will follow once you know what that entrainment feels like okay. And for those how many people have been one of my.

CPI or classes if you don't believe me talk to these people okay. It's voodoo all right. But once you understand how it works and you feel when the sensation hits any emotional state that you go into their nervous system will track you okay. So if you're really good at eyes.

Open hypnosis for yourself and you can train with a nervous system and go into an eyes. Open state of hypnosis yourself that's what happens to them okay. It can't not happen it's based on the law of physics not psychology or. New.

Age stuff okay. So here's what. I want you to do what. I want you to do right.

Now is. I want you to close your eyes. If you will. I want you to remember a time in your life when you felt absolutely amazing just absolutely amazing now.

I'm going to give you some parameters just. So we get really goal oriented and focused and successful. I want you. I want you to add some parameters make it something that you saw what you wanted you decided.

Then and there that you wanted it to the at the very bottom you know the deepest level of your mind body and. So you made a plan you put that plan into operation and you nailed it home run touchdown. Big. Time ah yeah baby right.

And. I want you to remember what that felt like as you do that. I want you to stand the way you were standing. I.

Want. You to. Breathe the way you were breathing let those feelings come flooding back into you as you let those feelings come flooding back into you. I'm going to ask you a couple of questions hey point to where you feel it in your body go with your.

First impression on this excellent very good now notice as a color connected to that feeling pay attention to what that color is and as you pay attention to that color. I want you to notice something. I want you to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction. I want you to pay attention to what happens to the feelings in your body is that that energy that spin begins to speed up faster and faster and faster notice what happens to your body and just let it continue to build with every breath and every beat of your heart just allow it.

I have to turn my mic down that's okay. That was way too down okay. Now without changing anything ladies and gentlemen not your posture not your breathing nothing try to feel bad notice you can't do it now open your eyes. Look.

Up here have a seat interesting here's what. I talk about what. I mean when. I say the.

Mind. Body feedback loop every emotional state that you experienced has a corresponding physiology yes. Sir that better okay. Every physiology has a corresponding.

State it's a feedback loop that means you can inject change at any part and create the other part most of us when we start to practice. State control which when you're going to do lie detection you better have it in spades okay. Because when you start to understand some of the tactics that. Liars use to get out of being caught it's going to go right.

To your state it's going to go right. To your ability to put a motion aside or at least dissipate it or deal with it in a way that allows you to pay attention because when you're all lies all all deception cues are based on stress they're based on neurological arousal okay. Now as hypnotists whether you're doing this overtly in a therapeutic situation or in a negotiation or in a business meeting or an interview or even even on a date uh you got to know what the heck you got to be able to function right. Open loop myself for a minute there it'll come back to me in a minute um you got to be in control of your state otherwise your state will control you when stress hits your system your neocortex your rational lying brain shuts off okay.

All the. Second indicators are are all the our own are stress indicators when you start to focus on catching someone in a lie you literally have to write this down ignore the truth or ignore what's true you have to become a bulldog in your in your lust to detect deception okay. But you also have to be able to maintain your emotional state the fastest most tactical way to do that is through your posture and your physiology not your willpower your willpower is a finite resource it's based on two things it's based on the amount of glucose in your system and the amount of sleep that you've had any time you have to suppress an emotional response you burn up willpower units when the willpower units are all gone you default to hedonistic pre-programmed unconscious behaviors this is why most of the people's diets have failed because they're not equipped to deal with suppressing emotion that they have to deal with on a constant basis. So when you start to just make the decision about how many people here are therapists raise your hands are okay.

How many people are lying about it would like to be practicing. I have classes on that by the way. I'm sorry. I paid clients you know what.

I hit that. I hypnotized probably thousands of people for free before. I ever took. A dime that doesn't mean it's okay.

You guys worked hard for your certifications you deserve to be paid for the good work you can do. But that doesn't mean that you know anything with the pulse is open right. Well they don't have a pulse they have other problems right. Okay.

So when we talk about lie detection a lot of what we're gonna a lot of it's going to be about understanding. States body language is based on the psycho-emotional state you're having and how the physiology is expressing it if we could put somebody in certain physiologies it actually becomes harder for them to lie okay. That's little tactical stuff well you might be able to touch on that. Later we want to get into the basics.

First things. First is when you start when you realize that somebody could potentially be lying to you and you want to find out the truth you literally have to ignore the truth it's like trying to edit something you've just written you ever notice that like after you write something you go back and you start from the beginning and you you try to edit you go back and everybody who reads your stuff backwards find all the you missed it's because your brain fills in stuff your brain rationalizes it creates plausible scenarios in your in your mind that could be true a lot of times people don't get away with lies because they're good liars they get away with lying because we really want to believe them and that's why you have to really make a decision when you're going to start employing some of these tactics how far down that rabbit hole do you really want to go what are the relationships what are the what are the ramifications of pursuing that right. A lot of people and. I deal with a lot of people who step outside their marriage on a regular basis and things like that trust me there's a lot of things that we just don't want to know even though there's part of us that does right.

So when we decide when we make the decision ignore what's true. Focus only on the discrepancies and the inconsistencies like a pit bull okay. The. Next thing we want to notice we want to we want to start talking about is we call baselining now how many people here have ever heard the term.

Baseline it's not freebasing okay. Baselining is what's normal how do these people normally behave what's their normal posture what's their normal body orientation that's really where we want to start okay. No. Single body language.

Q means anything okay. So the. First thing we have to look. At is what are they normally doing if.

I'm talking to this young lady and she asked me where. I was. Last night she happens to be my significant other and. I go what do you mean.

I told you where. I was right. If my normal way of speaking is this and all of a sudden this happens. I just gave her the.

Second thing we have to start looking for a i deviated from my. Baseline. But. I also did what we commonly refer to as several body language cues within a five.

Second window it's called clustering okay. Not to be confused with other cluster hyphenetic words you guys know about no. Behavioral cue becomes indicative of anything unless there's two at least two of them or more and they have to happen usually within a five. Second window now when.

I talk about lie detection being an indicator of stress in the body that's exactly what. I mean it's very very difficult for us to keep track of our stories the hardest lies to catch are the ones most close to the truth okay. That's the hardest lie to catch the bigger the emotional payoff or the less time a person has had to prepare the more deception leakage you're going to have in other words the more stressed out they're going to get and the more holes you're going to find in their story okay. So when we start to talk with people we have to look.

At. First and foremost what do they do under normal situations now if we're trying to do a covert interrogation we need to start asking questions that are non-threatening very matter of fact and can obviously be true right. In some of my persuasion courses. I have this thing we call the three magic questions protocol 3mq has three categories of question and depending on what context you're in.

I have lawyers use this to make expert. Witnesses waive their attorney-client privilege. I have people. I have young ladies who go out and put the whammy on guys out front 10 years younger than them and have wonderful relationships uh.

I have. I do. I use this actually when. I enroll clients in terms of my either my private practice or uh or my trainings.

So 3mq is a very very useful framework for creating very very intense connections with people in a non-threatening very guided way that's very organic and it goes like this it goes location occasion uh passion career and. Then history our family childhood history who were your friends where'd you go would you play at now why is this important because when we start asking questions like this we're going to start to generate pleasure responses we're going to start to generate very very um useful information that we can use as a. Baseline right. Especially the location occasion questions you start asking people what do you think of it you know what do you think you know if you're at a wedding reception or a bar uh what do you think of the drink specials what do you think of the band they give you an honest opinion that's where you can begin to calibrate honest answers they have no.

Reason to lie they're not vested right. It's very conversational it's very easy going and it gives you that. Baseline information that you want to start to work with you got to remember this stuff you got to remember this is one reason. I light it.

First of all the best lie detectors in the world are about 60 accurate they're just not that good yes. Sir what do you think yeah it's an opinion question yeah because most people when they when they when they're moving through the world they're in one of several compound. States okay. They're either inside their head or they're outside their hand they're either intern or externally oriented does that make sense depending on what direction they're focused they can also either be.

Associated or dissociated in other words they could be in their head making pictures that they're feeling intensely completely in their own head or they're watching a movie in their head that maybe not have anything to do with their kind of distance from it right. If we want to interact with people we want to manage the direction of attention as well as pay attention to how their body language their facial cues their body orientation their postures shift as the topic comes closer and closer to things that are more emotionally provocative for them. I like this because it tends to create a very strong connection with you and one of the things that happens when people create strong connections is it becomes very hard to defend against your influence it becomes very very difficult to analyze what's being said a because you don't want to and. B because you want your system wants to actually connect at a deeper level.

So when you get things. First of all they're much more likely to tell you the truth even though they didn't want to when you do this this is crazy stuff this is how powerful this is. But when they do lie the effort is. So hard that you will see a massive physiological shift in them just to be able to tell the.

LIE it becomes extremely obvious when you apply this framework because you've engendered today's that they have to break away from to lie they literally have to break their posture yeah at some point could you address you said the the lives of things closest to the truth are hardest to detect. But people say the big lie is actually hard to yeah that was the other one is that if repeat the question which was oh the question was um he's uh his question was uh. I said. I'm not used to the signage thing uh pattern interrupt right.

I said that the hardest lie detect the almost perfect lie is the one most closest to the truth. But there are other people who say the big lie is the hardest one to catch and that was actually one of the tactics the. Nazis used is every time they got caught in a lie they told a bigger one right. It turns out it kind of worked too right.

The idea here is if you think if you think about spin the term spin right. You take a few facts and build a story around it has absolutely nothing to do with the actual factual elements right. And can it be big yeah as long as there's a few things in there that are true the conscious mind will just okay. In fact there's there's some diabolical ericssonian-based techniques that are there worked around this neurological principle in fact on.

Sunday when. I'm doing instant conversational hypnosis uh we'll probably be working with some of that diabolical stuff teaser teaser teaser. Anyway um. But the three magic questions is is very very simple location occasion what brought you here today who were you with you know what do you think of.

XYZ nothing that can be answered yes. Or no. Okay. We want qualitative answers right.

We want them engaged even a good interrogator um when he's going in there uh he will he will only resort to much manufacturing stress in that environment as a. Last resort he will ferment communication he will create connection remember everybody in the interrogation room is looking for an ally they're looking for somebody to believe them even if they hate you they're desperate for for an ally somehow some way and. So an interrogator will and. I'm trained in kinesic interview on interrogation by the way.

I studied. I was going through this weird phase in my life where. I had to make a choice that. I'm simultaneously doing uh pre-med and uh law enforcement and.

I looked at the stress level that cops have and how much they make and promptly. Joe's. Healthcare. But uh.

But. I was fascinated by the by the program. I've always been fascinated by human behavior. So when you do these things um.

I keep open looping myself. I hate when. I do that um what was the. Last thing.

I said before. I started talking about my my aborted career in healthcare or in law enforcement yes. No. Question yeah we want qualitative answers because the more information they give the more engaged they become the more attracted to you they get we want to make it as difficult for people to lie as humanly possible right.

So this is something that if you don't know even if you don't know the person within 15 this has been tested within 15 minutes you can have an intense deep connection blurring on love if you follow this protocol it's just not fair okay. Well it starts here because it's non-threading and it's superficial and activates the neocortex well if you're on wherever you're at what's in the environment like. I keep talking about my freaking intermittent radio right. Every time.

I do you look. At the radio are they at the radio the uh the transceiver right. What's going on in the environment you have to be out you you have to be out of your head and in the world too right. You have to know what their.

Baseline is and one of the things. I look. For a lot is pupil dilation. I have noticed you have to test this.

I have noticed that when people start to lie their pupils tend to shrink okay. And it it by itself it means nothing all right. But when you see that distance or that's that closing down of the pupil what's going on is they're actually looking at what they're saying through a microscope they're analyzing what you just said looking for all the possible ways to circumvent and. Then analyzing what they're going to say and.

Then coming back if you were going to want to think about nlpi accessing queues you'll see their eyes. Dance all over the map. But again it doesn't mean they're lying to you deception is based on stress. The more stress you can invoke the more rapidly leakage will begin to happen now you will simultaneously get visual cues and auditory cues this is where the challenge really starts to come in because most of us can only pay attention to one thing at a time right.

And usually it's our words unless the the body language shift is really really out of proportion. So that being said what. I want to give you now and besides there's. So many different body language cues how do you keep track of them you just can't.

But if you understand the. Spectrum in which all body language movement. Falls within you can start to based on a few basic ideas extrapolate what a certain posture means. So the.

First thing. I want you to understand is you have three brains you have your paleocortex your limbic system and the neocortex your neocortex is the rational lining brain it's the part of you that makes up stories to justify acting on what you want on the other what the other two want to do that have nothing to do with what's actually the real reason you want to do them okay. In hypnotherapy we call this the presenting problem generator okay. The people who walk into your clinic they tell you what their problem is you regress to cause it's almost never the thing they came for you ever notice that okay.

It's not that it's not connected it's just there's. So many different oblique connections and things like that that until you actually provoke the emotion and follow it right. Back to the initial sensitizing event you could spend all day at that surface level and never get the thing handled right. People lie to us all the time we lie to ourselves all the time okay.

People are in your chair because they're lying to themselves more often than not okay. Now. I need two volunteers and anybody who come on up you've gone up great. I have a male and female component this will be really good on camera oh.

I have chicken nose oh wait everybody's coming up they're rushing the stage going come on okay. This is fine now back to back please now this is very cool all right. What is your name is. Katie.

Katie. I'm. David and this is. Kim.

Katie and. Kim alliteration all right. So. I need to uh just a little bit now what you're seeing is zero rapport their backs are to each other they're oriented a completely different direction right.

The reptile brain moves towards pleasure and away from pain this. Behavior will happen at every level of. Human. Experience and human expression if we can't completely move away from something we will try to move apart away from something if we can't move apart away from something we will try to verbally or vocally move away from something that makes sense.

So the report. Continuum starts here there's no. Affinity here whatsoever as people become closer to. Connected whether that connection is physical in terms of distance or or close in terms of energy right.

In terms of their of their. Consciousness what they believe in beliefs ideology whatever. Then this will start to happen now they're neutral you understand the distinction neutral two things will begin to happen mostly proximity will change that's a little much right. But this is what.

I mean. I call this the mating dance literally this is how all this is literally and this is a this is hey this is. I'm from. California it's cool all right.

But this is literally if you ever watch two people in a male female approach each other in a bar what's the body language position there's the bar there's the guy it doesn't talk yeah now who's more invested in this relationship who has all the power right. As people move from complete stranger to intimacy orientation and proximity change okay. Give these ladies a big round of applause thank you it's a uni it's a constant it's a constant and if you get the principle anytime you see a human being if you you interact with a human being or you see two or more human beings interacting you will be able to extrapolate the report. Dynamic who's more invested who's the prize who's the dominant who's the submissive who's subordinate okay.

And when they when the report breaks and when it intensifies that's why. I showed you this otherwise we could show you well. I could do this. I could do this.

I could do this now let's extrapolate that a little bit more um. Peter come on up here. Elmer come on up here we'll do we'll do two men together now right. Right.

So um one of the things that happens when people fall into rapport is they will. Orient on one particular person okay. If. I'm the report leader this happens look.

At their feet the feet will always. Orient towards the report leader when you're detecting lies and you ask a question that triggers a stress response watch their feet because the feet are the furthest away from the face it's a lie that people can can't look. You in the eye and tell a lie okay. That was a lie created by.

Liars okay. We have the most control the most control over our face. But the feet ah nobody thinks about the feet right. And you'll see a lot one of the.

Dynamics that you have you see a lot of is. I'll be talking like this and. I'll be getting nervous right. Look.

At my lower body what's my lower body doing. I'm going to knock my arm off to get away from them right. Yes. Are these associated no.

No. No. And the reason. I say that is because sociopaths don't feel guilt they don't they don't they mimic emotion unless they're really really stressed or really really in pain in some way and they have a very very a high negative reinforcement threshold they will not give a lot of the same cues okay.

Because they don't get stressed out because they don't feel that the rules apply to them what will happen more often than not is they'll actually kind of get happy um when they lie it's called duping. Delight okay. And and the whole thing is if you understand microexpression which is a little bit more micro than. I want to get in terms of no.

Pun intended a little bit more micro than. I want to get in terms of of understanding because they don't mean a person's lying just tells you that they're experiencing or suppressing a certain emotion. But what we want to look. At.

First and foremost is where does the feet. Orient okay. If. I'm really into what's going on.

I'm going to get this if he says something that. I really don't want to talk about two things will happen a by the way this is also called. Anchor. Point movement that's actually if you get the book.

Spy the line they have a great glossary in the back of that book. Anchor. Point movement means whatever. I'm using for support if it's my feet my butt if.

I'm sitting or my hands if. I'm leaning on something if he asks me a question like were you with my wife. Last night. I thought.

I saw your car outside my house what do you mean right. Was that actually there was two. I shifted away and. I moved my foot that's two see how fast by the way what happened to my torso what do you mean.

I put a block up. I put a barrier between him and me yes. Yes. In order for me to lie it's very very hard for me to lie especially if it's somebody that uh whose good graces.

I want it's much harder for me to lie when. I'm actually in the same physiology and. I know. I'm lying talking about you would yes.

That's right. But that would give me an indication do. I need to dig deeper remember you are not going to get the truth with one question all right. Yes.

With all these like signals and stuff what is the difference between just being like defensive and lying because you can be defensive without lying and you can be like very good questions what's uh it's. Kate right. Kate asked the question what's the difference between being defensive and being deceptive well one often leads to the other right. Or one is a reason for the other give these guys a big round of applause.

But it's a good question. So let me address it there's this phenomena in kinesics we call. Othello's error or. Othello's flaw and this is why baselining is really really important if you don't have a baseline you don't have anything okay.

Flaw s remember all deception indicators are signs of stress. So if somebody's already on the defensive it's going to be very very difficult to tell necessarily without digging really probing questions um if it's due to just the match their natural way of expressing themselves or if they're actually lying to you this is why the. Baseline is. So important if you know somebody is naturally a little bit on the anxious side.

Then it's always a good idea go back to the three magic questions establish a non-threatening communication and. Then slowly tangentially work. Community questions into the dialogue yes. What is your posture and as an interviewer or assessor during the process that gives them not only to receive you.

But that you get in tune with this. I'm going to match their physiology and and we have some really cool drills that we do and if we have time. I don't know if we have to take a break we'll do some of these drills one of the one of those drills is where you actually hold the conversation and you have diametrically opposing viewpoints you pick a very polar topic and you have to maintain your point of view and try to convince the other person while matching and mirroring them and what people discover is that within a very short time they can't they just give up because of physiology overwhelms your psychology and you just start looking for ways to compromise and agree. So there's a myth.

I'm going to dispel this here that when people know you're using. Rapport techniques that if they know you're using them and they call you on it and you that it will break. Rapport only if you cave and and stop doing it. I call this reality frame override if you continue to match and mirror them they cannot beat the laws of physics okay.

There's. I have a video. I'll show. Later on or.

I have 40 distinct metronomes all oscillating at different rates within four minutes they all synchronize okay. Your nervous system is no. Different fact it happens faster. But people when the physiologies are in entrainment they want to move towards compromise they want to move towards connection which makes it very hard to lie in fact when they do lie they will physically break the.

Rapport connection between you they literally have to change their posture to set up a defense to it you need to again you need to put the client you need to put the client or the subject in a state of ease or at least normal what's normal for that person and you need to make sure that you know what is normal for that person right. You know if they normally stand slouched right. Then that's your. Baseline you know you say something potentially provocative and they they step back or they straighten up or they they put up something that distances them either physically or symbolically.

Then you have a deviation from the. Baseline does that make sense okay. When you look. At the report.

Continuum again where are their feet pointing do the feet. I should have a chair for this someone give me a chair thank you. Omar one of the things you look. At.

I like feet it's not a fetish thing one of the the feat will sometimes they'll start to bounce which we all know is nervous energy right. Well if nervous energy wasn't there a minute ago right. If that's if that starts to happen okay. We've got some level of stress going on now we start to probe why are they stressed we start to ask questions that move us towards that maybe sometimes the fee will actually move.

Behind the. Chair you'll see this a lot the feet will retreat right. You'll see blocking gestures blocking gestures could be a cross arm cross right. There's this there is and each of these can by themselves is one cue.

But if. I'm if. I'm sitting here. I'm having a conversation with this young lady and she asked me didn't.

I see you with my daughter at the drive-in. Last night and. I go no. Right.

It jumps right. Out at you right. Right. And.

I'm making them big. But trust me when you when when you know you're having this great wonderful conversation and everything's going fine all of a sudden that comes out of left field now you can start to play a little bit does that make sense we want to make these things big we have to and we have to decide do. I really want to know the answer do. I really want to know the answer.

So feet torso arms and hands face that's the order that you want to start to look. At cues because we control our face better than any other part of our body okay. What you also want to pay attention to auditorily are what we call non-fluencies or paralanguage do they do they normally talk very eloquently very smoothly you ask a question does their tone go up a little bit do they start to speed up or slow down when you're when you're talking to them now remember if they're excited they attend they'll tend to go up too right. So we have to always look.

In terms of what's going on in the environment right. Now there are three categories of. Lies lies of falsification which are the ones that we really hate lies of influence and lies of omission okay. Not every lie that we run into will be a lie of falsification directly the most the most powerful pervasive lines are lies of influence lies of influence are an attempt to dissuade you from your line of communication by misleading you or misrepresenting or manipulating your perception of the person.

So you may ask a janitor maybe maybe you have a high-rise apartment somewhere and you you go in one day and you notice all of your jewelry is missing and the only person up there was the maid she's in her 50s or 55 60 years old you call the police the police start to ask around and uh they approached the maid and they say uh you're the only one in the apartment did you see anything no. I didn't see anything did you take the jewels sir. I have been amazed in this apartment for 55 years. I retired.

Next year why would. I do anything to jeopardize my pension oh why that's right. She didn't answer the question and what did she do she went to her reputation she deflected and had you focus on why she couldn't possibly be that person rather than just saying no. I didn't take a you get it these things will jump out at you all the time.

But many times they're delivered. So smoothly and they make. So much sense right. That we just go along we get we allow ourselves to be deflected by this right.

So how many people here are familiar with the the. NLP meta model okay. If you really want to get good at pissing people off and provoking stress responses learn the. NLP meta model because it's about learning how to be very very specific and calling people on their okay.

The. Meta model yeah most of us we talk about hypnotic language we talk about ericksonian language patterns or. NLP language patterns that's the. Milton model based on the idea of.

Milton. Erickson. But when we start to met a model we start to act very very targeted very very specific questions especially if we do this without a lack without a set of. Rapport you will see people twitch they will get very defensive very very quickly okay.

And it gives you a nice basic set of skills to to start to probe yes. Sir okay. Um rise of falsification lies of influence and lies of omission lies of omission on this is. I just what's that the wild missions will they just leave a piece of information out right.

They don't you don't know don't ask don't tell another thing. So they will they will they will give you most of the information. But they will omit certain pieces that would allow you to find out what they did or what what actually happened right. In fact if you ever uh if you read the books by lie which.

I believe we have right. Over here um for those of you who want to raid. Amazon. I.

Spy the lab really really good book. I really enjoyed this book. Another book. That you want to you want to focus on is called telling lies by.

Dr. Paul. Ekman despite a lie and it's by. Phil.

Houston. Michael. Floyd and. Susan carnicero anything by.

Stan. Tennant is very very good he is actually a professional kinesic interview and interrogation instructor. I studied his work intensely the best book. On lies the.

Bible no. Um was that. Politically. Incorrect now uh the best book.

On lies. I think. I think that really depends. I'll tell you what.

I what. I really liked um and this was uh. I'm just kidding about the. Bible.

I read it all the time yeah. I'm trained as stanislavski telling lies is a really good book. It's a good primer very very good book. I've had obviously.

I've had this for a while right. Um stand. Stan. B.

Walters also has a really good little home study course called practical kinesic interview and interrogation a pocket guide it also comes with some. CDs okay. I'm sorry what this is called practical kinesic interview and interrogation the pocket guide now. I again remember most of us are not going to be in a situation where we're going to sit there and.

Grill somebody this. I don't. I think he has a website this is kind of old well. I'm kind of old this one is.

Stan. B. Walters. Stan also has a.

YouTube channel which. I highly recommend okay. You guys should pass it around. So you guys pass it around.

So you get all these things um there are millions and millions of body language cues hundreds of thousands of them okay. The range of body language is as diverse as the people in on the planet even though they followed in certain patterns. But once we understand the big picture and that's where. I'm kind of going with this in two hours.

I give you just enough to get you in trouble right. If we understand when we look. At a dynamic if. I'm talking to this gentleman and we're face to face we're we're good right.

But remember the reptile brain runs towards pleasure and away from pain if. I'm really into this conversation. I'm really connecting with him what am. I going to do without in that non-gayway right.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna find some way to metaphorically or physically close the distance between us right. He asked something that makes makes me have to think and dissociate from the interaction. I'm going to physically or metaphorically distance myself from the interaction does that make sense if.

I can't distance myself. I'm going to impose a barrier a barrier can be an arm and appendage it can be a torso turn it can be an object you will see this many times is also a dating a very powerful dating uh concept when. I teach what the seven stages of attraction one of the things that's constantly happening in that. Dynamic is the woman by the way is leading the dance through most of the mating dance guys in case you didn't know that uh right.

In fact if you understand the seven stages there's only two times a guy actually has to do it that actually has to do something and if he does it at the right. Time you can wind up in an interesting place. Anyway. But what happens is when two people get together you'll literally see if this is a wine glass and she has a wine glass as she turns and orients towards him she will subtly move something.

First towards the person it's called the reaching stage of the touching stage if you are aware of that and mirror it back at the same time or within within that five. Second window click every woman in the place is going guys because we're stupid we are we're just dumb that way um. But if for some reason um. I need to get away from this person right.

I'm going to put an object right. In front some people will do this um when they're you can always always tell when they're going to be defensive or they're they're not sure about you yet because they'll turn their chair around and do this okay. Now. I like to do this just because.

I like that little screen some people wear sunglasses. But remember any symbolic barrier is an indication of. I'm not ready to trust you yet. I'm not ready to open up to you yet right.

So we start to see things like what we call the triple crops which is again the same idea this is my natural laid-back. David position you asked me a question that's a little problematic and. I go well you say how many body language cues was that three three what were they uh foot lips eyes. Yes.

And hat gesture because actually. I turned a little bit. I backed up a little bit. I crossed my legs.

I did actually lit my lower lip didn't. I could catch you right. Now obviously. I've gone from a very relaxed state to a more pensive state right.

I'm in that little bit of a okay. Where is he going with this kind of a thing now that could be a flag for you where you want to go with it right. Or do you want to go with it he asked me another question all of a sudden. I go ah let's see where was.

I. Last. Tuesday night um now what was what were the cues eyes. Okay.

Body turn biting my lip okay. What did. I do with my voice a mission tone. I repeated the question.

Liars will almost always repeat your question. So you know especially if you catch them by surprise yes. Yes. That's why.

I'm being very very. Global is there any difference in terms of globe of culture gender yes. There are two sets of body language characteristics that. I work with.

I focus on one which are the what. I call. Global every human being on the planet exhibits them. Therefore whether.

I'm in. New. Guinea or. New.

York well maybe not. New. York. But they're going to be.

Universal all right. And that's what. I'm teaching you here the a lot of these things um like you know just how you know in. Germany you guys you know show the number three on your hand they do this right.

We do it like this cultural. I don't worry about those right. At. First why they're not.

Global. I need something that. I can that is my. Foundation that if.

I go anywhere on the planet. I can start to decode what's going on does that make sense. So anytime you get a metaphorical or symbolic obstruction is an indicator of okay. Something's weird.

I don't. I don't know what's going on here doesn't mean you're lying means they're defensive though and defensiveness is a. Prelude to lie more often than not okay. Um there are actually 15 traits that.

I'm going to share with you now um. I call them the. Hanson 15. because they were actually taught to me by a man named. Jason.

Hansen who's the. Next. CIA operative he runs a website called. Spy.

Escape and evasion very very cool stuff. But everything that. I'm sharing with you now presupposes it assumes that a you're in control of your state you're focusing primarily on what's not matching up in their story you're ignoring what's true got it you're tuned in and you're cited and you're paying attention to what they're doing visually and what they're what's coming out of their mouth that being said these things will tend to jump out at you okay. The.

First is called the freeze. I'm talking. I'm being all. Italian oh you know and.

I'm just chucking and jiving you ask me a question you go what do you mean it's called the literally the freeze they will literally stop moving okay. Yes. Sir. So.

I was asking somebody to repeat the question just a significant yes. Because what are they trying to they're trying to delay or or buy time right. Now in my course we actually take repeating uh repeating somebody's words back into a whole other level right. We're not necessarily lying.

But we are actually uh accessing their neurological passcode and it goes right. Into their into their limbic system and they start to feel really connected. But that's a different agenda and a different class they won't touch you or want you touching them. So let's say that you know.

I'm hanging out with my bud here right. And you know he asked me a question and. I go what do you mean and he goes to step. Next to me and.

I kind of you know get that don't touch me kind of an energy just kind of stay back kind of energy that many times again if you don't have a baseline you're not going to pick this up if you're focused on the story they're telling you rather than looking for the discrepancies you'll miss it you'll get sucked into the story that's the power of stories. I'm going to show you some really cool story trick yeah because if you really want to catch a liar have them tell you their story and. Then ask him to tell it to you backwards can't do it no. One can do it um now someone said.

I could do that eyes. Stare too hard. So you start to because remember we're taught that we can't a liar can't look. You in the eyes.

So what's your name again sir. David. I'm looking at. David and.

David asked me a question and. I'm gonna lie and. I go and ask me a question like what's my name how old are you how old am. I.

I'm 17. see my eyes. Change see the hard the hards. I'm going to get your ass stare right. When you see that that you're going to challenge me stare right.

That's what. I mean and that is actually one of the defense mechanisms that many times a liar will use not just the stare. But all the other behaviors that go with it they know that if you ask them a question and and you don't believe them that if they get out they give you a strong enough angry. Outburst that it will scare you into dropping the subject you okay.

No. That was three pardon my. French. I'm sure everybody who's in.

The. Sound of this microphone just got really offended. But the whole. So ask me the question okay.

So how old are you. I'm 17. okay. Then and. Then it's like you're trying to stare me down yeah see.

I'm holding that stair it's a very it's very hard right. It's like there's this wall here it's like you're going to believe me right. I'm exaggerating like the eyes. Are very expressive okay.

Many times does everybody here know the difference between a a full how to detect a false smile versus a real smile yeah raise your hand if you do know if you don't. I will. I'm going to explain it okay. There's this thing we call a.

Duchene smile it's an organic natural smile best place to see this in action is watching politicians and actors when they're going in and out of places because you'll see this and there's nothing from the nose up when you see an actual legitimate happy to see you. I'm in a good place smile the little crow's feet around the orbital bones and around the zygomatic bone actually will crinkle that's when you know you've got a legitimate smile okay. Unless they've had way too much. Botox which means they're really lying okay.

Uh going back to something we talked about earlier never accuse a person of lying directly okay. More often than not we need to warm up the pot before we throw the before we throw the you know frog in there right. Or put the frog in the pot and. Then warm up the bowl right.

We have to ask questions that are in some cases very tangential very oblique sometimes even allegorical or metaphorical um one of the things that they talked about a lot you guys want more yeah let's pass these around you actually need a little brain sugar it's all good. I noticed that most of the dark chocolate is already gone you're doing it to me aren't you you guys haven't found this this good stuff okay. Cool because if not we'll. I'll get up and do the hula dance or something.

I think. I have a twister. Game in like the room somewhere um people who squint and actually. I did that with this gentleman here when he uh when he and.

I were talking. First. I gave him the hard it's the hard star in the name. Then.

I went like this when they squint like that a lot of times they're being deceptive and again we're presupposing that we've done all of our homework. First we're presupposing we're controlling our state we're focusing on the on the the inconsistencies and we're looking for clusters right. Any of these show up within a five. Second window good chance they're being deceptive right.

But. Then you have to make a decision what am. I going to do about it what am. I going to do about it sometimes the worst thing is knowing somebody's lying to you and being unwilling to do something about it right.

Um that's a different different issue. But um you need them to be comfortable this is why. I like. I this is the.

First time when. I taught lie detection that. I've actually taught people the three magic questions protocol in this context normally. I reserve that for.

I work with a company called. Next trial. Innovations we're a relatively new company. But we specifically work with personal injury attorneys and.

Jury consulting and things like that this is such a power we literally have video when you utilize the three magic questions protocol and the state control stuff. I started with we literally have people expert. Witnesses on video waving their attorney-client privilege to talk to my clients okay. Um for those of you who are in the legal profession you know that's a big deal okay.

It's that powerful it's not just a one-off we have had several several situations where that's occurred. So even though it seems very basic the three magic questions and this whole matching mirroring. State control thing it is profound if you really want to get in that start with any any. Cody's power poses and.

Then get a book. Called honest signals honest signals okay. And it's actually not on lie detection. But it is on non-verbal influence and group dynamics.

So for for the lady here who does the security work that is going to be a gold mine for you in terms of what to look. For uh when people are are trying to gain access all right. Um do we need a break or you guys want to keep going okay. All right.

Why to argue all right. So honest signals and. Then power cues which is an extrapolation on the the information in honest things power cues actually has for those of you who do a lot of. Storytelling work uh.

Power cues has a great primer on how to tell very compelling stories as well as the the primary archetypal themes that people find the most persuasive okay. So it's really a good resource for those of you who are going to do a lot of story work on rexonian based metaphors things like that or if you're going to create your own honest signals and. Then power cues it's by uh. Sandy.

Penland. I think is the term. I'll look. At it.

Later let me just go through the rest of these. Liars put objects between you and them we just covered this they're gonna arrest when somebody's trying to be deceptive when somebody's trying to create space they're going to find a way to put something between us right. It's protection it's safety most of the things that a liar is doing that indicate he's being deceptive within the context of clustering and baselining are designed to soothe him their ways of venting stress and the harder you try to lock down the stress in your body the more it starts it's like steam it seeps out in different places we spend the most of our time covering our face because that's where we're looking. But if we go further down the chain we start to pay less and less attention you start to get more and more leakage and more and more.

Flags will become available that'll allow you to decide what the heck all righty. Then that was weird that will allow you to really decide how deep down this you want to go okay. Their hands. Shake if they go to shake their hand or maybe they've finished an interview and they're and their hands are shaking yeah literally shaking um or headshake.

I'm sorry head shake this is cool actually. Nixon did this anybody ever watch any of the videos in. Nixon. I am not a crook.

Right. You guys remember that video clip or that film clip when did the head not happen he said. I am not a crook. Happen after many times when somebody is verbally denying at the same time they're physiologically dying when they're being honest when they're being truthful the nod will happen.

First or at the same time as the verbal denial many times when they're being deceptive because they have to consciously track all these things they'll give the verbal denial and. Then the head knot within a five. Second window follow me okay. That's a that's a pretty interesting one.

I always thought interesting about. Clinton how'd he get away because he was a master of rapport. Clinton is legendary for being able to just put the whammy on you do you think he has a study the whatever oh sure they all do. Anyway yeah you guys know what the.

Clinton the. Clinton stare is right. It's a body language technique that he perfected to like deadly extreme he would you know if. I'm going in hi my name is.

Bill. Clinton nice to meet you yeah exactly what happened when. I went out the stairs like hi. I'm.

David. Snyder nice to meet you oh he looks back in hey it just. Nails you yeah right. Now there's another body language tactic that.

I'm using it's called. The. Open. Heart trust trigger which.

I only found in a book. On how to. On. On by written for women on how to seduce men [Laughter] that was the test.

I told you there would be a test by the way that actually were three magic questions came from was actually that same uh the same book. I'm. I'm referencing that was written for women to hypnotize men into going out with them would you like to know it's called love trances by. Craig.

Robinson best book. I have ever read on practical real world hypnotic attraction techniques it is not fair was written for women though. So. I had to tweak it.

I had to change it just a little bit for men to be able to use it too because that's fair right. I have whole workshops if you go to my. YouTube channel davidsnyder youtube.com. I have over 70 videos and they're not small videos just loaded with content on everything from lie detection to.

Advanced attraction skills for men and women how to heal a broken heart how to you know catch a liar fix heel pain. Law of. Attraction stuff we haven't remind me to have a gift for you guys remind me before. I.

I let you all run off to the out into the world. I have actually two free gifts one of which has to do with those cards in your hand okay. The other one is. I shouldn't even give you because you're just.

But you all showed up today and you ate my candy of course you're going to leave the milk chocolate for me aren't you yeah yeah you're just gonna leave that all right. All right. Extreme overreaction we talked about this you asked somebody a question and they just go nuts they just how dare you excuse me lying blah blah blah when you see an out of proportion in motion like that big red flag should be going off like gangbusters okay. The the the the the objective behind that kind of behavior is if they raise enough of a stink you'll drop the subject ladies you do this right.

No. Don't do that oh here's a little body language tip when women get stressed out this is a gender study when women get stressed out they get more specific when men get stressed out they get more global this is why when you get home from work and she's pissed off it's because you left the toothpaste lit open you're like what and the seat up all right. And it's not it's not a cultural thing it's a neurological thing right. So if you know your wife or your husband's.

Baseline and they come home and you can tell they're stressed match their sort their information sorting system if you know they're going to be. Global don't get all specific and go into. Ultra detail about you know the bills and this that and the other thing he's not in the place to hear it same thing guys when you get home and she's pissed off about the toilet seat lid don't blow it off okay. How many people are here are urged in conversational hypnosis okay.

There's a really sneaky way that you can use conversational hypnosis to help spot a life you guys know what embedded command is. Okay. I embedded command one of the things you can do and you got to remember when you deliver embedded commands you got to use at least three of them because it's based on the neurology uh isolating and determining a pattern. But you could literally tell the tell the unconscious mind that whenever it's going to lie to do something.

I'm not suggesting that you're going to stiffen whenever you lie because stiffening up whenever you lie you know and all of a sudden they go to line like right. Just an idea just a thought. I don't know is it something you want to how long is that suggestion the question was how long does that suggestion stay with you and you want to do that with a spouse you know what are you asking again. So.

I know. I get the question right. So. I mean what's favorites as employees people like that and if we're here in a controlling environment and.

First day of whatever and you make this those suggestions are those suggestions going to be acted upon a year two years three years to have a lot it could be depends on how much they're reinforced in my opinion. A lot of people there's a lot of contentions how long do. Post-it nonix actually. Last my instructor.

Jerry kind says that they. Last as long as long as they're until somebody goes in and removes them. But. I've seen suggestions not not manifest over a period of time.

I think a lot of it has to do with the state in which the the trigger of the anchor was set and. I think a lot of it also how many times is actually activated and reinforcedure how often do you get something that bumps up against it yeah. So the more. I think going to what this gentleman says is you know how much resistance or how many other things that go against it how much how much conscious energy are they going to expend overriding that right.

If they know the suggestion is there or they know that they're doing it how how many times is the suggestion actually triggered. So that it manifests that was one of the things we've seen a lot is when you give somebody a post hypnotic many times when when you actually create a suggestion they're very kind of slow and lethargic to respond at. First and. Then the more times you have them do it the more rapidly the behavior starts to generalize and become more more consistent.

So. I think a lot of it has to do with how often that that particular suggestion is fired. So maybe maybe it's permanent if they're chronic. Liars man you could be you know divorced really quick sorry oh uh it might be something like you know some people stiffen up whenever you lie kind of a thing do you know what embedded commands are yeah yeah okay.

Yeah. So he might he might feel yeah yeah and if we remember when we remember when we deliver embedded commands you got to do it at least three times it has to be a strong downward tonality and don't worry you won't get caught. I've tried to get caught. I have done things at drive-throughs that would.

I can't even say that on camera because people are just droning remember that little four that little. Foursquare model in internal external. Associated dissociated most people that you will run into are internals associated they're in their own head completely disconnected they're going through their laundry list their soccer their soccer schedule everything. But being in the moment.

So in order to it's an opportunity for a covert hypnotist many times because there's no. Recall pathway and you can just load suggestions in there if you know how to do it peripherally right. Yes. Sir in a different state or what if they are actually when.

I started through life that happens. Yes. Actually it's a good question is it good to bring somebody into a different state if someone is in a pissed off defensive mode already all right. It's going to be hard for me to to tell.

I'm just. I'm just going to put more wood on that fire if. I don't get them into a stable steady state that. I can use to to.

Mark deviance that goes back to this whole thing of. Othello's flaw many times when people get very very stressed out scared defensive they will exhibit what we interpret as deceptive cues and they're not being deceptive they just have hyper responsiveness to to the environment or this or the context. So many times you have to really be careful of you know really double check yourself when you're going to start provoking stress and and looking for deception indicators does that make sense okay. No.

You know. First of all once you make the decision that you're going to dig you got to be like a bulldog right. You got to control your state focus on the. Baseline go into what they call.

L squared mode which is auditory visual we're only looking for deception we're not looking for what anything that's true and what they say we have to completely disregard it we have to only focus on what is not matching up and like a pit bull just keep digging right. And be open and be okay. With whatever answers we get yes. Sir since we're in.

Vegas my interest in coming here was to do better at poker. But everything you listed you can't see them playing poker. I know they cover themselves out poker is not about oh he came here to learn how to how to get better at poker uh there's a great bunch of books out um remind me after the. CL and.

I'll write it on the border. I'll send out an email um there's a great set of books by a former. FBI body language expert specifically on on poker. Tales.

But the feeder under the table. So okay. Okay. Uh you're gonna have to look.

For even subtler cues some some people might tap their glasses when they're when they're they've got a good one some people might hold their hand if on one hand they might hold them the cards one way when they have a good hand they might hold them in a different hand they might put their cards down when they know they have a good hand remember a professional poker player they're designed to minimize those tells right. So you got to get super super micro that's where micro expression training for you and if you're gonna because that's where that stuff will come out the grief the anger the joy they'll flash can a person pick up microbes yes. Paul. Ackman.

Paul ackman.com has a complete set of software that you can buy or. I think you can even use it on his website that will train you on how to spot micro. Expressions. Paul ekman.com micro.

Expressions if you're gonna if you're if you're dealing in an environment where people have facial like sunglasses in it or maybe beards or whatever uh micro expressions are a great way to identify when people are masking emotion okay. But they've happened very very quickly. So the software is is actually very good there's also a set of books he put out one is called the facial action coding system. Paul.

Ekman uh consults very very frequently with a lot of uh security companies. FBI. TSA. CIA those kind of things all right.

So he's very. I. I have a tremendous tremendous amount of uh respect for. Paul ackman's work in fact um in uh in my conversational hypnosis class on.

Sunday. I'll be talking about a phenomenon called the emotional refractory period which. Ekman discovered which is tremendously tremendously powerful in understanding how people are going to parse your language what and what behaviors are likely to generate and actually how to install non-verbally in people filters that cause them to think about what you said in a way that's more useful for you getting your outcome it's a really cool phenomenon we do it neurologically. So it happens at random and by default.

But when you understand how it works you have the state control stuff we've played with and some of the other things you have tremendous tremendous leverage on a human body. I've got a question you know people that are. I think of as pathological. Liars yep [Laughter] you have to confront them to start to get the defensive do you have to confront them no.

You don't have to confront anybody no. No. I mean. I need in order to see the the defensive stress well actually.

But are they are they probably going to be. I'm thinking of a couple people that. I can't the question is do they believe their story if they believe their story in their mind they're not lying right. The school going back to the whole stanislavski thing if you're congruent if you believe in what you're saying whether the information you're conveying is true or not you're not lying you're telling lies.

But in your world you're not lying. But for those of you who ever get a chance to see somebody's handwriting did you know people who have a tendency to be deceptive actually have a particular handwriting trait that sometimes shows up you don't want to know that all right. The uh the trait is in the o okay. It's best isolated in the cursive.

O now remember just because the trait shows up doesn't mean they're lying to you. Then and it doesn't actually mean that they're lying. But that the probability that they're going to engage in deception is higher than normal. So one of the things that we look.

About at when we look. At handwriting traits is the oh if there's if they make an. O like this the direction of the loop indicates where the behavior is oriented towards anything that moves to the left in terms of our handwriting and by the way the symptoms to generalize into other aspects of the nervous system as well anything that moves to the left is towards self foreign anything that moves to the right. Is other yes.

Doesn't matter does it change no. I haven't found any correlation with the. NLP timelines although you find out a lot of times people put a lot of their past on this side on their left yes. Sir yeah you can overwrite them yes.

The question was if you adopt traits of people whose handwriting you've dropped the handwriting trades of people you like or who you admire can you change it yes. The term is called graphotherapy and everything that our nervous system expresses it expresses on multiple levels simultaneously okay. In the world according to. David you'll find a lot of analogies it goes to studies in what we call embodied cognition and object relations theories these are all neurosciences.

But if for instance just to go off on a little bit of a tangent what's your name again. Paula if. I wanted. Paula to actually feel more warmly towards me and.

I gave her a warm drink to hold she would actually start to process emotional warmth the same way she processes physical warmth we can actually change how she perceives and filters me through the objects in the environment okay. When people are sorting timelines or playing with time. I have noticed more often than not whether you go whether you reach reference metaphysical systems or more than. Neuroscience self almost always tends to be to the left drink it right.

Nope they just gotta hold it they just gotta hold it yes. Sir writing that for instance in. Europe no. One learned to write you know like in the.

US is always cursive writing. So you thought to actually write a veranda a very specific way and if someone actually drawing you all like the one on the left. I really wouldn't pass a variety hey we would have to be without okay. I lost the question somewhere in there.

So. So is that something you're you're saying that people are in. Europe are taught to write a very specific very regimented way if that were actually true maybe they may be taught that way. But.

I guarantee your handwriting looks very different from your classmates handwriting yeah right. Because how you express that standardized is based on how on the parts of your nervous system that you use and the way you process information yes. I didn't mean to adopt the. Android trade.

I mean like let's say there's a trait of people who are creative they're handwriting if you adopt those handwriting trade people to make you more creative yes. Yes. I was. I.

I said answer the question right. I just didn't hear the question yes. It's called graphical therapy and literally you can change anything about yourself. I call it the backdoor principle okay.

You can do it through your neurology through your handwriting by changing the individual traits in your handwriting it takes about 21 to 30 days. I would go 90 days. But 21 to 30 days is usually a good window you can literally change everything about you okay. But you got to do it a lot they're both deceptive the bigger the loop the bigger the possibilities and actually it's not deception it's secrecy the bigger the loop the bigger the drive yes.

I'm a handwriting analyst and usually it's double. Loops that are. I've gotten to that one oh. I'm sorry.

I apologize yeah the double. Loop which is what this gentleman's is when you see this now sometimes that. Loop will close sometimes it won't if the loop doesn't close they're going to lie to themselves they're going to lie to you and they're going to let everybody know about it right. Right.

If if the loops link. Then when they talk to you they may let everybody know about it. But they these people don't know what the truth is and they don't care okay. Now when you start sorting for people's handwriting you start looking for this trait you have to look.

At how many times does the letter. O actually appear in the sample based on how many times the letter row actually appears in a sample how many times does one of these suckers show up the percentage gives you roughly how dominant or how active that particular trade is in them at any given moment okay. I can't remember the guy's name. Ford when he signed off on that report about.

Kenny's assassination his signature was remarkably different yes. He normally signed off on a piece of documents. But that being an indication is being deceptive or he's in an extremely different emotional state than he normally is one of the things. I have noticed there's a trait uh to what you were saying uh and this channel was talking about when.

Gerald. Ford signed the name what was it the pardon or the to the report that. Congress. Finally passed clarifying the report that.

Congress. Finally passed clarifying the assassination of. JFK right. His signature was markedly different remember your physiology controls your psychology if your mind is in a certain.

State your neurology changes it can't not happen that's where the basis of handwriting analysis graphical analysis and all the things we're learning about it all comes together as your psycho emotional state changes how you use your body changes as you how you how you use your body changes your brain changes your emotions change it's a feedback loop okay. If you're someone who has just finished a very very intense research project and your handwriting is normally this big chances are if. I if. I ask you to give me a handwriting sample after you've just finished that very very intense research project where you have to focus and concentrate it'll look.

Something like this it will dramatically shrink some traits in handwriting are transient they change as your state changes some are more consistent right. But that's the one. I've noticed if you want to be able to concentrate more write smaller. Asians love.

Great and. Small. I'm married to one. I know.

I need reading glasses for my reading glasses. But this is a trait that's pretty consistent. I've been a big fan of handwriting and. Analysis for many many years it has never not served me and it has almost never been wrong.

So as a hypnotist as a hypnotherapist ask your clients to write some stuff for you you get a little snapshot into their psychology and what they're most likely to do in any given situation or scenario yes. Yes. It's harder yeah we're developing assist we're developing a culture now that is becoming more and more dissociated we are replacing real connections with the illusions of connections and. So a lot of the things that we rely on from a more organic age a little bit more challenging now.

So did everybody hear her question yes. If the loop is on the right. Side of the. O it's towards other people.

So if somebody asked me what. I did yesterday. I'm more likely to say well why do you want to know. I will answer a question with a question.

I won't just say well. I went shopping or. I stayed at home. I would say why do you want to know that's where you're just your defensive behaviors will tend to manifest the bigger the loop the more dominant and energetic the trade follow me okay.

Smaller. Loops small drives big. Loops big drives big imagination make sense by the way if we understand that loop size is equivalent to how big their imagination is and how strong and by the length of a loop or a stem is determine strength of a drive or trait if it's a loop the size of it is how big the imagination is how suggestible they are no. There is no.

There is no. Cue that says deception it's only when these things happen in in the context of a specific topic would be yes. The baby yeah they have disability they have this tendency to do this. But if people are writing something that is fraudulent you could probably bet that that will show up more because the trade is being activated yes.

You talked about a lot of people are printing nowadays not going cursive. So yeah it's harder it's harder people who print tend to be a little bit more defensive. Anyway they have a little bit more need for privacy. But now because of our because everything is text now we're just defaulting to block letters and things like that.

But a lot of times you'll see you'll see hand cursive intermixed with. Printing and that actually means something too for those of you who want to really study the handwriting stuff look. Up. Bart baggage stuff yeah they tend to be a little bit more intuitive people who intersperse when the when printing and cursive kind of intermix in a communication it tends to show a little bit more of an intuitive side they tend to get feelings about people that.

Later turn out to be true. Bart. Baggett b-a-g-g-e-t-t ee. I used to be out of.

Texas now he's uh. I think he's in. L.A yeah okay. So uh.

So that's something you can look. At in handwriting. I had a hypnosis client when. I lived in.

Oklahoma he was a good friend of mine too and and. I he came to me to do a session and he wrote some stuff out for me and. I saw. I saw these massive and there was a drama follow this guy everywhere he went and.

I could never figure out why because he was the sweetest nicest guy and. I look. At his handwriting just like this the loops are just everywhere and as. I go okay.

I said and got to be careful with those guys right. Or girls because they don't know what the truth is half the time they're making it up as they go and they don't care they will tell you what's ever on their mind at the beginning no. The. Loops have to be in the.

O the. O is specific to deception or secretiveness. Loops in other places indicate other things right. If people want to know more about handwriting um.

I'm happy to you know maybe. Next time the thoughts we'll do a breakout on handwriting or something like that or uh if you guys want to come to my website or something. I'll. I'll put some stuff up on handwriting because in my profile when.

I teach covert hypnosis which is really social influence on steroids. I spend a lot of time on profiling other people noting figuring out what better programs they're working with how to speed read them cold read them yes. Studies or look. At how much of these traits come out during train state no.

I have not. I have never bothered to really uh by the way. I'm not aware of any any studies to that effect. But it's a good it's a good it's a good idea yeah doesn't mean this trait doesn't exist it just means it's not in their handwriting does that make sense okay.

Um let me finish this list real quick you can ask a quick question you said you have a friend that is really a mess. But he's a nice guy what if you tell him stop riding with loops. I didn't know to do that. Then and.

I didn't know how to bring it up to say look. Dude you're. So much you're borderline psychotic you don't know what reality is you don't really care. I think if you stop writing this way you know reality would change [Music] when they had and.

I found myself a lot of times when. I'm going through a transition phase or. I'm moving from one set of behaviors to another like. I'm doing self-work.

I'll have these little. Loops show up for a little while where. I'm like part of me knows what's true there's another person no. You ain't changed yet right.

And and. Then it'll go away right. So um. So these things can change none of us would be in this room if we felt that there was any part of human behavior or human personality that couldn't be changed the question is is it worth the time energy and effort to get whatever degree of change we can and that's something that we as therapists and businesses have to make a decision you know they're.

I firmly believe that anybody who walks into my door can be hypnotized they don't have to believe in anything. I tell them all they have to do is do it all. I got your job is not to get belief from your clients your job is to get compliance because if they do what you say they'll get the change if they don't do what you say they don't get the change does that make sense my stuff isn't based on belief okay. Otherwise.

I wouldn't have many clients. But. Anyway. So let me just go through this we have a few left hiding the mouth of the eyes.

Many times when people begin to become deceptive there's part of them as a little bit of. Shame they'll cover the mouth they'll cover the nose they'll cover the eyes. Now let me think about that oh you know ever see these gestures right. You know.

I'm sitting here and. I was like let me where were you. Last night my daughter. I told you notice.

I told you to stop seeing my daughter. I went by your house your house. I saw her car out front you weren't there. I know because.

I looked where were you. I mean and it's out of going oh right. Marla let me think right. Or maybe you'll get this where was.

I. Last night [Laughter] you see how it always starts to jump out at you right. But if you're focused on the story you'll miss the visuals if you're focusing on the truth you'll fill in all the gaps your rational lying brain your neocortex will create a plausible rationale to to confirm the true parts right. Now if you're already predisposed to this is a lying son of a in front of me.

Then it doesn't matter what he says you've already made your decision your perceptual filters will shift and nothing he says will be true that doesn't help either understand your goal when you when you engage in the act of descent of of tracking down or invoking deception behaviors is to find out if they're being deceptive which means by definition you're not convinced either way yet the same thing happens when we do a lot of kinesic. Kinesiology and body testing people. I stopped doing. Kinesiology.

I'm a big believer in energetics and vibration and stuff like that in fact we have a whole breakout on it this weekend on speed healing and energy hypnosis and things like that. But. I stopped doing kinesic testing or. Kinesiology testing a long time ago because there's too many ways to bias the test too many it's not reliable because if you want it to work in a certain way you'll overwrite what their nervous system does you'll just overwrite and there's many ways to screw with that.

So it's not even as a self-test you have to really separate what you want to be true from real intuition which is another big thing that we have a lot of people in the hypnosis field are also intuitives and sometimes they're right. And sometimes they're wrong because they haven't separated out wishful thinking from actual intuition they're actually different spatial locations mediated by the proprioceptive nervous system uh throat clearing you get somebody you ask them a question and. Next thing happens let me see how many clusters is that by the way there's at least two there right. Right.

I clear my throat. I looked away. I touched my face now all it has to happen. I repeat their freaking question or.

I bring. God into it whenever they bring. God into it they're probably lying that is actually true by the way we're actually we're actually taught that in our kinesic interview and interrogation class anytime they start bringing. God.

Allah the. Bible into it red flag should go up does it mean they're lying. But is a high probability that they're getting ready to. Anchor.

Point. Movement we talked about this if. I'm sitting you ask me a question and. I shift right.

Or. I'm standing in a certain way you ask me a question and. I step differently the anchor points of my body to the. Earth change these are all indicators that something happened inside they're not random okay.

Especially especially if you've been matching and mirroring their physiology the whole time it is extraordinarily okay. It is extraordinarily hard when you've done the physiological connection that. I'm talking about and alluding to it is very very difficult for them to break away they have to exert a very very strong effort they can do it to break that connection in order to lie effectively it's very compelling okay. This is why we started with this stuff if we could just keep matching the physiology the systems want to go towards more and more connection which by definition tends to imply more and more honest communication right.

It's it's physics and. I'll show that video. Later on this week grooming gestures this is again these are soothing gestures many times you'll see this also in attraction cues um many times when when someone is actually when a female is signaling attraction they'll start playing with their hair grooming gestures things like that right. In a lie detection context when people start we call it self-soothing when they start grooming themselves they start distracting themselves with something else that's exactly what they're doing they're creating a metaphorical or a symbolic distancing and buying time.

So on one level they're trying to soothe themselves they're trying to relax themselves a lot of times self-stroking you know or tapping these are also soothing or stress dissipation gestures. So we want to become very very aware of our. Baseline of our. First of all our state right.

We got to get them out of their head and into the world location occasion right. We got a matching mirror their physiology. So that the system's in train and it's very hard to pull away we got to set a. Baseline we got to look.

For clusters look. For posture for body orientation blocking gestures do the verbals match the visuals right. When they say something within a five. Second window what do they do that's the timeliness aspect of it right.

Verbally they're gonna they're what's what's the rate and speed at which they speak does it speed up does it slow down does it only speed up or slow down when certain topics are brought up right. These are all things that are going to happen if they're going to happen a lot they're going to shift very very quickly most of it you will miss because you're not there yet you know. I. I miss stuff all the time and.

I've been doing this for 20 some years. But we can always look. At people the best thing is is you're in. Las.

Vegas you got human beings everywhere in their natural habitat. Behaving. Badly okay. Go to the casino.

And watch these people look. For the patterns the one common denominator in every single thing that. I do teach practice is based on two words pattern recognition when you learn to recognize patterns the universe will open its secrets to you like the skeleton key to the universe. I.

I that's to quote my father. I you not right. When you can see patterns human beings become very very predictable and in our line of work as reality technicians that's an extremely useful skill to have. Before.

I. Let. You. Go.

I have two free gifts for you one has to do with that card that we handed out because you guys came out today because you sat through my intensely weird lecture on body language. I'm going to give everybody here a free gift normally to walk into my clinic or into my office whether as a coach or a mentor whatever it's 175 dollars an hour. I know. I don't charge enough.

But what. I'd like to do for everyone today whether you're local in. San. Diego or across the country.

I do a tremendous amount of consults by. Skype. I like to offer everybody in this room a free free 30-minute consultation with me all you want to do is talk on the phone and shoot the for 30 minutes we could do that okay. It's my gift to you all you got to do is a take one of those cards write your contact information on it hand it to the center row and.

I'll collect them and. I have one more gift for you uh since. I only have five minutes. I got to speak really fast.

I have been running the world's longest ongoing skill building. Mastermind mentoring program on. NLP and hypnosis and other forms of influence and persuasion that exists it's been going on continuously since 2010 we meet on the. Third.

Saturday of every single month we have since 2010. and. I have a long illustrious history of teaching hypnotists for free everything they need to know to be successful out there okay. We get together through. Saturday every month and.

I go okay. What do you want to learn today what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn and. I write it all on the board. I look.

At. I look. At everything that's written. I find the.

Connecting. Threads. I create the lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next four hours.

I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep we videotape every single one of those sessions because you're here today you ate my chocolate ask me really cool questions. I'd like to we we videotape every session we archive them on the. NLP power website for the. Next 30 days if you go to nlppower.com forward slash h t htl htl 2015.

I will give you free full unfettered access to all five years of those. Mastermind video archives for 30 days which means you can log in and watch and watch and watch and watch some more and we have people who do that okay. Normally nlppower.com forward slash htl 2015. thank you okay. No.

Obligation there's no. We're not going to spam you or anything like that although. I'll think about it. I think every morning for about four or five times a week we have a good morning breakfast together oh.

I didn't know that. So we have a we have a veteran like who actually accesses the give her a round of applause uh some of the people in this room have been to my. Mastermind some have not uh talked to them how many people have been to one of my actual training just raise your hand. So.

I know if you have been to one of my actual trainees talk to these people uh. I give better stuff away for free than most people charge for not that. I'm arrogant about that at all um we have one minute left. So.

I will take whatever questions we have before you guys head out um yes. Any uh any recommendation or techniques you can use to prevent them into crimes catch their. Telos before they go into trance the question was people lie better in trance that's true because your critical factor is gone what you believe is reality isn't the same anymore. So if you're a good liar outside of.

Trance you're a better liar in one all right. So you want to you want to actually start to you actually probably have to provoke their critical factor to get them a little bit. I wouldn't even try to detect a lie in trans. I have to assume that the person unless.

I'm getting real strong non-verbal contradictions get strong strong rapport with them and ask the right. Questions before you put them informally three magic questions is the most powerful way to do that in a interview or a console format all. I asked if you had good if you if you had a good time make sure everybody knows it right. As if this were one of my meetups.

I would say if you had a great time post good things to the. Meetup if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's in this case if you had a good time with the people at the front desk know let them know what you want more of hand those car one of those cards at the other one you keep yes. I do. I have lots of them one of those cards you get to keep the other one you hand in.

So. I have your contact information for your consultation. So if anybody needs cards. I got them thank you sir.

I only need one you keep those three okay. Thank you thank you make sure it's legible here you go thank you here you go take two yeah. I need one empty there you go hopefully. I won't get them all mixed up thank you very much.

I enjoy being with you now that. I know. I needed eight more hours thank you you're very welcome thank you all for coming thank you sir here you go take two they're small this card back and. I'd like to give you this part of mine which is my own little induction for people to produce natural.

Smiles oh cool thank you it worked on me it's good back it's part of a huge art project hold on a. Second a huge art project. I'm a glass artist. I'm making 10 000 of them giving them away worldwide all over the world thank you connecting on the internet and whatnot two for you there you go the.

Clinton look. Yeah okay. It works like this yeah. I'm looking at you yeah.

I'm. I'm connecting with you and as. I go to look. Away.

I look. Back thank you very much who you are thank you thank you very much you guys rock thank thank you very much sure we meet on the. Third. Saturday of every month from 11 to approximately 4 5 p.m um and basically there's not a certification class it's strictly a skill building class.

So whatever it is that you most want need the skill sets that you want to work on touch up on or just learn you tell me if they're in my toolkit. I put them on the board we create the group lesson plan. So it's my skill sets your applications and we drill for the. Next four hours until you own it and.

Then the video goes into the archives and. Then the. Mastermind members especially the live ones they get unfettered access to that all the time the library. I said live in person in.

San. Diego we're working now. I'm working with hpti now it's not happened yet. But they have a brand new studio with streaming capacity.

I'm discussing the possibility of teaching my. Mastermind at hpti campus and streaming it out to practice groups now you did not hear that from me okay. Because it hasn't happened yet and. I'm not sure that it will yeah well okay.

And you can always ask. Scott put the bug in his ear because he really really does pay attention to what you guys tell him yeah really really does he's the most responsive coordinator in any organization. I've ever seen. So let him know did you put that link up there or is it not it is it this one.

I couldn't nothing came up whenever. I went to that yeah. I know it's not it's a not-founder yeah. But you can go on.

Google it probably will give it go to my nlpower website and just type in uh. Hypno. Thoughts. I did okay.

Now now. I'm getting bothered yeah you're fast. I'll fix it no. Htl 2015. let's try.

HT 2015. I might have gotten that wrong [Music]. I literally tried to keep it short. So.

I wouldn't forget it shows you how well that worked let's try. HT 2015 for. Mike. Mondell you've been taking.

Mike's power.com because. I see the shirt that says that should be htl 2015. you got a nice shirt we just came out of like did it. I'm like lying all right. Did you fill out your stuff on the card yeah yeah okay.

Um. I will. I will send out the. URL and.

I will. I will actually be doing this again um the. Next breakout will be tomorrow it'll be energy hypnosis. I think.

So. I'll be doing this through the entire uh the entire program. So. I will get the.

URL right. And. I will announce it all right. Thank you have a good time right.

Here yeah thank you got it back actually might have actually. Iowa anybody see my lie detection book. Floating around on practical kinesic interview and interrogation you guys do you like did somebody take it these everywhere that's a it's a field it's practical kinesic interview interrogation by. Stan.

Tennant no. Just one interesting question yes. Sir. I'm based over in.

Europe. So on things like. You're investing on every. Third.

Saturday a little problematic yeah. I would start with getting access to the. Mastermind archives. I'm working with hpti about the potential possibility of um streaming yesterday the program right.

Yeah to uh to people my biggest my biggest challenge why. I haven't done it sooner releasing anything locally is because it's a. Hands-On group. I want you guys to actually.

But is it possible like um by. Skype. So that you can actually see me and. I can see yeah.

I can see the degree yeah we have the technology to do it we're working on finalizing that now. I just haven't decided if. I'm going to do it in. Newport.

Beach at hpti's campus or if. I'm going to do it from. San. Diego.

I would much rather have them do it because. Then all. I do is show up and teach and they can handle the tech stuff because. I don't really want to do that oh boy you're gonna have fun with this.

I can tell oh yeah okay. I didn't know what to do yeah well it starts figuring it out all right. I'm glad things worked out. I think very cool yeah because the the part of them that that separates reality from from fantasy is pretty much asleep.

So they you can literally they can literally believe in order for them to to well yeah it's just. I was taught when a person is in transfer actually a better liar because the parts that would actually signal that they're being deceptive are kind of acquiescent s if a person wants to lie to you there is no. Hypnotic state short of sodium penthol that will stop them from doing it no. That's okay.

That's why when you when you do your pre-talk on people you have to let them know that um trans is actually a physiological process if you follow the four simple instructions 10 out of 10 people will go into a profound. State of. Trance. But no.

Matter how deep in the trance you go you never lose your ability to accept or reject any suggestion that you're given okay. If. I give you a suggestion and you don't like it for some reason you don't have to take it. So that puts the whole the whole.

Crux of whether they get success or not on the client and not whether you can successfully hypnotize it right. However the corollary to that within terms of lie detection is when you're doing going through processes and you ask them to test and make sure that it's done if they signal and tell you that it's done and all of a sudden they come out of trance and the problem's still there they lied because they didn't follow the instructions see what. I mean yeah right. And.

So again did. I fail no. You didn't follow the instructions. I said you'd keep trying to bring it back until you can right.

And when they can't bring it back they said that's mine. I'm not sure if the microphone is coming here thank you. So yeah a lot of those change work. I do is based on the.

MLP concept called convincer strategy and the way. I word things. I actually separate. Observer from operator in the neurological system.

So they literally the conscious mind the pardon that would actually think and really is actually watching the unconscious mind change it. So there's nothing to conscious mind can do about it for you for 30 days no. Okay. There's no.

Hidden costs either because there's no. Like it's not going to suddenly bill you or anything like that it's just my gift. I'm here to give oh. The.

Mastermind yeah the master it's a paid. Mastermind. So depending on when you get in it can be anything from 97 to 247 a month right. Most of the time when people join it's when.

I'm offering a special. But. I have had people just say. I don't care.

I just want to be part of it. So um and what. I will probably do once. I get the streaming aspect.

I mean. I haven't really just there's. So many things up in the air about. I was never going to release any of this those archives were there strictly for the benefit of my live students.

But. I'm here and people will need these things and and it's just cool stuff and. So. I said you know what here just go go play and since we're not allowed to do back of the room sales or anything like that it's a great way to do a sale.

I just. I just want people to know about what we do yeah and. Elmer's you know he he actually met us at it in the thoughts two years ago and he's he's been uh you know very consistent and it's it's a great it's a great community that we're building. But it's it's an extension of what.

Hypno. Thoughts was disaster line stuff yeah some of it. I can't get to. But.

But. I mean there's. So much stuff there. Anyway that.

I know you gave it to me for free yeah a lot of it's not really edited because. I don't have that kind of time yeah. But it's there's a there's there's stuff that comes out some of it's repetitive because problems are consistent and. Then there's some stuff that's just amazing training on everything from body language to attraction to laws of attraction to energetics to lie detection.

Advanced. Rapport skills conversational hypnosis inductions. I mean it's just a full spectrum of stuff there because the people in there are different everything and a lot of marketing stuff too sales marketing prospecting how to do public certain types of public speaking things like that. So it's just a tremendous okay.

I'm definitely going to get into that thank you pay attention. I'm here all weekend come on come on some more breakouts we'll give you more stuff one of the gig you when do you think you're gonna have your. Next year's schedule. I'm going to have it done by.

September okay. Yeah. I have to because. I have.

I have like 14 people now that are waiting to know where they can go yeah yeah yeah and we're actually doing an. NLP track we're probably gonna do a master track we're considering doing a three-day erotic hypnosis like the ones. I used to do were actually brought the girls in oh okay. That seemed to be a very popular idea for something the thing that.

I tell you every time. I see you or talk to you is. I would like to have a vibrational healing not in. December oops.

I know. I know that's the problem. I work for. UPS yeah.

I know. I really want to do that now. I. I what's what's the guy that virgin virgin birthstone.

Bankston yeah. I. I've looked at this stuff like. I was saying and.

I've been playing with it it's a powerful dude the problem that. I have is is. I'm trying to do it auditorily. I don't know whether that works or not you know that's a good question that's a very good question.

I don't know because. I because. I. I mean.

I'm sure. I'm seeing things. But. But that's not.

I'm not conscious well here's what. I would do. I would take the sound the words that you're doing and draw a symbol for it and. Then just pretend the symbol's there and just say the word well.

I was thinking also and. I. I started to do it. I haven't really followed up on it is to make numbers and yeah one and.

Then. I can go one two three and and try cycling those yeah. I've done that as long as you yeah. I've done.

I've done a lot of interesting things using. Banks. I've. I've done a lot of uh experimenting with the basic technology that.

Bankston gave me and. I've made a quite a quite a few discoveries well that's what. I figured. I figured that yeah as long as you can cycle through them very very quickly.

I. I don't it's because. I'm doing auditorials yeah you know okay. That's all right.

Just start fast just start speaking faster and fast fashion. So you just you just hear this hum the whole idea is that you got to speed it up to the point where you can't consciously track it anymore that's the secret what. I was wondering was is part of this you're just getting yourself into the state of. State um actually that's his and that's well that's what.

I told him he had no. Concept of being in a. Theta state or anything that has even remotely related to hypnosis when. I talk to him in fact that's why he gave me his personal email because at the end during intermission.

I went up to him. I said you know. Bill what you're doing is a hybrid of of two very very powerful and and quite old hypnosis techniques uh one is called the confusion induction and the others uh you know basic self-hypnotic programming is like really this is here's my email send me some information on that wow yeah he had no. Idea the parallel of what he was doing and how he comes from a completely different he is very effective than we do yeah he has no.

Patience for people who don't care how it works. I don't care how it works. I just care the words he goes you're an idiot he he has to know and that's why he spent. So much time researching this stuff and it works.

I mean. I he blasted me by accident um and and my sinusitis went away and it didn't come back for a long long time and uh. I've been. I've been doing a lot of work with banks and stuff and.

I've been really really impressed because it's simple. I've been. I've been using it more in terms of kind of manifesting because. I haven't had anybody to work with.

So manifesting is actually manifesting is actually what. I use it for you. But he didn't realize what he had just like when. I got that spin just like when.

I got that spinning technique. I got it had worked great and put it on the. Shelf never thought about it he's sitting at the seminar he goes yeah you just do your image cycling and the healing happens and oh by the way you're going to manifest whatever you you're automatically going to manifest yeah and it's just going to happen. So don't worry about that and you go back to healing and just you know enjoying your.

Spin and. I'm like what did he just say right. And he just blew it off like it was no. Big deal he did say well and when you get something you have to you have to put something else in there yeah you know and.

So the other thing was it's just kind of an aside. But. Then what he said. I said you got to be careful what what you manifest because if you manifest a change that somebody doesn't want the change will happen and.

Then they'll find a way to screw it up and. I'm like he said to get permission if you don't get permission that's my point is. I. I pulled him aside.

Later. I said. Bill are you telling me that if somebody doesn't want something and you use this process it will still happen he goes yeah wow okay. Uh vibrational influence and that's where.

I left it. But. I mean those little things just kind of jump out at me you know okay. Well.

I'll see you around how was the talk did you enjoy it.
