Title: mSz-U0NNNS0.txt
Video Id: mSz-U0NNNS0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSz-U0NNNS0

[Music] all right. Hello everyone welcome to my super surprise mystery ama this is uh dr david i'm just kind of hanging out online seeing what's going on in the world and uh. So i can let me get my chat set up here. So i can see people and.

Finally i got this figured out kind of sort of well also right. Here no. We are not made for kids this over here make it a little bigger maybe there's david and goodheart and susan how's everybody doing uh let me see here i'm using a different computer today. So things are a little bit odd i'm still streaming through zoom.

But i'm actually only interacting uh billion doubloon says aloha doc aloha back all right. Well the kids are at the swimming pool right. Now and uh i decided to just kind of jump on and see how everybody's doing on your is it memorial day weekend hard to say uh let me make this bigger here and no. That's not gonna work.

So. Anyway i got the chat going. So if you have questions um is there a zoom link uh ammar there is a zoom link i'm not using it right. Now i'm just streaming this simply through uh through youtube is that a snakeskin shirt yes.

Sean it is a snakeskin shirt i can try to figure out how to position this. So i actually look. Like i'm looking at you how to stop being codependent from my ex your your fastest in terms of codependence i'm going to go with the old standby here regression regress to cause oh my god he said my name of course i said of course i said your name you're on my event what did you expect that i wasn't going to answer you right. Susan says i taught someone to spin the other day it was pretty awesome jan nasis says i use it to build rapport for oh yeah i'm sorry let me switch.

Third of the echo technique is. So powerful yes. Um and the longer i i'm i'm doing this work the more the more powerful i realize um that the echo technique actually is there is. So much power in this simple concept this simple idea of giving somebody their very own words back to them i can't even begin i mean i i can't tell you the doors it's opened you know and and the changes it's allowed me to help people achieve by just mirroring back with what the nervous system projects sahab says uh really a long time listener from pakistan welcome from pakistan glad you could uh could join us.

So susan is saying david's son do you you need to help you regress to cause oh susan says always regress to cause xena ortiz says david you are my hero and i've used some of your techniques on my clients with successful results thank you how would you address resistance i think that really depends on what kind of resistance you're dealing with. First and foremost i always divide resistance into three categories. So you have resistance one two and three and. Then of course four.

So there's really only two reasons why people resist going into trans they don't want to or they don't want to uh the question becomes why don't they want to and that can be distilled down into two primary categories of i don't want to they either are having trouble understanding what you want them to do in such a way that they can do it or b they're afraid almost every other reason a person might have for generating resistance is going to come down to those two things could be a language bower it could be a rapport barrier could be fear it could be insecurity could be a head full of mythology surrounding what you're asking them to do like if you're using the word hypnosis for example a lot of people have a head full of baggage about what hypnosis is and what it isn't and. So i would call it anything else. So again how you address resistance is going to go back to what kind of resistance you're manifesting people resist have people inherently resist anything that challenges and this goes under the threat category by the way they inevitably challenge anything that threatens what they believe how they how they think they'll see themselves as a result of what's going on they they tend to resist anything that threatens how they believe other people will see them. So if you ask them to do something or reveal something that would cause other people to view them differently or judge them negatively people will resist asking to do what you want them to do and.

Finally people resist anything that threatens what they believe to be true with a capital t and. So those three categories of resistance are things that you'll often encounter the other one is one that's more organically hardwired into us and that's called uh reactants the reactants is what i call the [ __ ] you factor or the the pushback that we receive anytime we feel a threat to our sense of personal freedom of choice or autonomy and you know and for zina i would say that's what we would call unconscious resistance remember the unconscious mind only resists when it senses a threat when it senses that the process you're asking it to engage in is somehow dangerous either metaphorically or literally uh and as far as the sense of danger is concerned the unconscious mind really doesn't make a distinction between something that is metaphorically dangerous and something that is literally dangerous um. So yoshi yoshi says you seem cool confident and in control how do i get even five percent of what you have and overcoming my low self-esteem start with uh the identity by design protocols uh if you go to our youtube channel and you type in um how to get rid of fear and become unstoppable i think it's the unstoppable confidence video series uh which is for free here on youtube um i would start there. Then i would once you've gone through that process uh find a way to get into the to learn the identity by design silo system which is available on our website start with gray room uh magic frame and spinning and you're on your way.

But i think the core of what you need is going to distill down to utilizing the identity by design silo. So you get real world hypnosis or secrets of personality transformation or the self-mastery supercharger are all courses that have the identity by design silo in them and those will help you become the person you want to okay. Okay. Jennifer thomas says great channel how would you address an insecure female boss who was out to get you how would i address an insecure female boss who is out to get you well.

First and foremost i would figure out what makes them feel good about themselves and feed that part okay. Going with echo technique criterion values and three magic questions uh is probably going to go a long way in moving you from the threat category or the threat box to the ally box after that i would start to work with um you know aligning yourself with that person finding out what their criterion values are what their internal bonding checklist is and aligning yourself with it in such a way that they recognize that you're aligning with what they want okay. Um you are not going to logically convince this person that you are not a threat you are going to have to get them on an emotional level and to do that you need the emotional bonding checklist we have somebody that just jumped the line had date. Last night used echo technique through magic questions we started hook.

Up. Then out of nowhere she went super cold never happened bit confused oh i totally get what happened alex what happened was we call that. Last minute resistance or lmr what happened on a either you became incongruent and did set up a red flag or she was. So attracted.

So fast she was she was a little bit surprised a little bit shocked and she just instinctively pulled back because she wasn't. So used to going and getting that attracted that connected to somebody that fast those are the two biggest fat variables that you're going to see when things are proceeding really really smoothly and all of a sudden they go cold on you either you did something that triggered a defense mechanism or you uh she was. So attracted. So quickly that it scared her and she pulled back not right.

Now. Later my daughter is asking for a keto bomb you can have a keto bomb. Later sweetie after dinner after dinner now i have to talk to my fans on youtube thank you okay. Uh ahmed sandoval says okay.

Dr david i've been using color breathing and magic frame to improve my performance in social scenarios any tips for this um well my my tips would be based on what you're actually doing what you're actually using right. Now if you can give me a better uh a better understanding of what you're doing. Then i can probably help you a little bit more let's see here anthony gonzalez is big fan thank you for the content you are very welcome anthony glad you like it um dina says unconscious resistance 2 yes. Let's see here real quick going back to uh jennifer does that help you um in terms of a strategy to employ with your with your boss uh let's see here um vishnu ready says hi david i'm your long-time father and recently purchased killer influence volume one on nlp power amazing content i am blown away by the results and i also need notes if you can provide pdf vishnu if you need the manual for killer influence reach out to stephanie at nlpower.com or call her at 858-282-4663 and ask her for the manual and she will email you the manual for that.

So you should automatically get that when you enroll in the course alex p says thanks it was the. First date. So it could be the. Second one very good excellent susan says kids are back yes.

They are. So dave's son says sore sorry not sure if you answered this how would i go about getting rid of a fetish that is causing dysfunction in my life uh at dave's son uh fastest way to do it is regress the cause regress to cause uh and replace the current fetish with something that's more useful something more desirable stimulate massive oxytocin release during that process and you should be able to overwrite the fantasy or the fetish uh dynamite disco biscuits hey day hey it's dr david snyder and the reason i got into hypnosis in my language being awesome right. Okay. Cool well thank you dynamite i'm glad you are you're here um let me hold on we got you starting the the chat's starting to fly back by a little fast i'm trying to catch up yoshi says what is the single best technique to stand up to a control freak stay control know your boundaries and be able to state your boundaries and push back against your boundaries or defend your boundaries in a socially acceptable way stay control you're going to find that the vast majority of work that you do is going to come down to state control it's going to come down to the ability to enter into and maintain any psychological or emotional state at will this is why we spend.

So much time on it in our private trainings and our live trainings you won't see a lot of it uh publicly available on youtube because that's kind of one of our superpowers uh and. So if you and that's what separates i mean we are the techniques that we get for free are obviously awesome right. I mean you've proven that for yourselves the stuff we do behind closed doors is even even more amazing uh. So state control is something that that we keep very close no.

Pun intended close to the vest. But it is the fuel it's the it's the uh the fusion reactor that drives all of the other techniques if you think the techniques themselves are powerful when you have the state control aspect down they become on they become truly unstoppable in fact you don't even need half those techniques most of the time once you have the state control down. So hopefully that helps you again i don't mean to tease you it's just it's just there's certain boundaries that we have to maintain in terms of public content versus um the content that people um raise their hand for um. So anthony gonzalez says yes.

Awesome thanks for the shout out i'm going for my doctor in physical therapy i've been practicing as a physical therapy assistant for five years anyone watching trust this trust this man every word it works thank you anthony dave's son says thanks daniel rodriguez thoughts on reducing emotional activity to finances especially day trading yes. Um we're going to go back to the transformational trio. First and foremost remember that the reason that you have strong emotional responses to trading is because of the way you've coded your connection to money. So the.

First thing you want to do is point to where you feel reach out and touch it shrink the pictures of you losing down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller move them behind you that will cause you to become disconnected from the sense of loss or fear of loss and once you're once that is out of the way you are much better able to make good unemotional decisions based on the principles for trading that you've learned i work with a lot of people who are day trading and that's by and by and large the biggest barrier to being successful is getting your emotions especially your fear of loss and loss aversion out of the way. So um great book. For that by the way is called the power of bad uh again it's not specifically geared towards traders. But it has become one of the new required readings uh for all the members of planet david if you haven't gotten it yet please get it listen to it read it underline it take notes and start doing some of the drills and applying some of your identity by design techniques towards dissolving the bad the negativity bias inherent in your nervous system and you're going to find you're going to make a lot better decisions a lot faster uh let's see here um fly girls manifesting can i use color wheel wheeling to change in memory i think you're talking about color spinning or color breathing and the answer is yes.

You you can change it you can affect it you can do all kinds of cool things with it uh amnesty planet says is it worth practice semen retention i think. So i think it's a worthwhile practice i think any time that you can maintain your sexual energy cultivated and recirculated throughout the body uh you're gonna make the body healthier over time that's my personal bias there are some scientific reports that say it doesn't matter there are scientific reports that say it does you know. So when i see these conflict you know when i see these contrasting reports i put them all aside and i go with my gut i go with what seems to work i've been practicing retention and retention type practices for most of my life and uh i think they've only helped me quite frankly. So um i'm an advocate of that certainly you need to follow your own your own uh intuition and your own insights and your own experiences when it comes to something like that um meter says unwanted fetish check to see if you have parasites i'm not sure where that's coming from.

But i'll put that out there amar ahmad says any tips for better enhancing my visualization of attending your in-person classes i've been filling it in with my vague code lighting the brain up like well it sounds like you're doing the right. Thing just keep doing what you're doing um robert lim david which is the best method to rewire unconscious associations not traumatic to be useful for me like associating myself with good archetypes instead of other people well. First thing i would do this is for rob rob i would use the identity by design silo i would focus on magic circle and pillars of power there's also technique called the garden which is uh an optional identity by design component those are the techniques that would probably help you to do that david when's your. Next live event.

Next live event is actually in july it's vibrational healing let me pull up my uh let me pull up my events calendar and vibrational influence is july 9th through the 11th in las vegas nevada see here dr schneider what induction do you use in hypnosis online i use a what i call modified magic bullets or the safe place induction how to control anger posture and breathing point to where you feel it reach out and touch it focus on something else um crick zoli says if i understand correctly regressed cause is hypnosis like trans sorry asking you. But i'm kind of yeah crick if you are new to hypnosis new to our channel. Then you absolutely want to reach out to our office and schedule a consult regression stuff is not something you should be trying to do on your own it's too it's too intricate there's too many moving parts um and it's very very difficult even for highly trained people to be the driver and the passenger at the same time alessandro quick question in front of girls and socially i choke under pressure is the answer to this question state control absolutely it's absolutely actually goes to two things it goes to uh at alessandro here i spelled that wrong here we go there's two things you want to focus on state control and frame control not only do you have to control your emotions in that situation you have to control the meaning you assign to a person in your world most of the time when we when we find ourselves being overwhelmed with approach anxiety nervousness uh fear of rejection it's because we're making the person that we're seeking to talk to too important in our world and that goes to the frame you're in rather than the emotions uh you're in. So they're two interconnecting phenomena frame control and state control are intimately connected.

But at the end of the day it's about the way that frame makes you feel. So if you can control your state you're much better able to control the frame. So sharmie says there's a youtube video where you induce if that's the right. Orgasm okay.

There's a youtube video where you induce if that's the right. Word orgasm and take her through the gray room which course can we find that and how is it better than coming to the normal room that's a really great question sharmi um you can find it in a course called erotic hypnosis sensuality enhancement there's also a course i put out called erotic hypnosis made easy i think that that one is called beyond orgasm and the the the power in in in that particular technique comes from the the release and the channeling of sexual energy sexual energy is the closest thing to nuclear power of the human body um it is one of the one of the powers that goes directly to your ability to make money in the world to affect any change you want uh to rejuvenate the body that's why. So many religions and. So many metaphysical disciplines put.

So many barriers or. So many um prohibitions on sexuality uh because if it's not channeled properly it can it can wreak havoc because it's it's unbridled creativity when it is channeled properly and effectively you have uh literally a nuclear resource for change and achievement. So i hope that that helps i'm the dynamite disco biscuits guy ryan hunter i have about a million questions for you well i don't know if i have time for a million questions ryan. But uh i'm happy to uh answer what i can in the time that we have i don't know how much longer i'm gonna be able to stay on.

But um because the kids are going to be needing to go to bed soon and i got to tuck them in. But let's see here um rashford paul if i have an nlp map how do i know how it looks or find out how it looks thanks i also love you rashford i don't understand your question if you can ask me the question a little bit differently i might be able to give you a better answer. So hype says any suggestion on how to start being more productive yes. Turn off your computer uh turn off your internet um and work in a room with nothing else.

But the work you need to do and be prepared for the withdrawal because the minute you start getting that you start losing that dopamine rush from working with your uh your computers you're going to get a little twitchy um io iron rand says how to deal with people completely using nlp start with their their criteria and value use their echo technique three magic questions uh an emotional bonding checklist and you will find that more often than not most of the problems you have with these people tend to go away this is why i keep teaching these three things over and over and over again you know having the martial arts is saying basics are basics for a reason and one of the reasons that these things are i keep teaching these things over and over and over again is a they're basic they're easy they're fast and they work everywhere they work for just about everything and. So you're just going to change up basically the only modifications you would make is the order you present them or the order you utilize them. But you almost always start with the echo technique and. Then you'll either go into criterion values you'll go into three magic questions and you might even go to the resistance removal protocol depending on where you're at the context of your interaction and what you're seeking to achieve.

But those four techniques by themselves can pretty much write you allow you to write your own ticket anywhere you go uh let's see here um let's see how do i how i draw i think that question got cut off samudrika is asking how to heal emotional destruction done by mother literary hate and her hate her and it affects my life start with regress to cause you'll probably wind up doing regress to cause parts therapy or uh chair therapy and. Then start reframing um the life lessons using magic frame and color breathing again these are things that i would not some of them you can probably do on your own a lot of them you're probably going to need somebody to guide you through them. So i wouldn't even worry about buying a product at this point based on what you're telling me you're probably going to be better served working with one of my trained associates to work through that stuff. So once again um for those of you who who think you need help 858-282-4663 um is the fastest way to get on our consultation schedule you may not work with me directly.

But you will work with somebody trained and vetted by me. So that's um the best advice i can give you on some of these more intricate issues uh especially if you have little especially if you have little to no. Experience in in some of this stuff crick zali says are you coming to florida yes. I am i'm coming to florida twice i will be in florida july 13th through the 21st and.

Then again in september 23rd through the 26th and uh 20th the september training the september dates are an actual uh training i'm doing with chase hughes on influence and persuasion uh shashikala is asking is there any technique to literally hack creativity yes. Magic frame color breathing and um variations of color breathing we'll help you with that let's see here i'm not saying about just over learn your techniques yes. Uh me her is asking to get past the. First layer where can we find study groups well you can go to uh you know the nlp power mastermind mentoring program uh and you can get involved with that you go to 858-282-4663 or reach out to stephanie at nlpower.com ask about that program there are a few study groups out there that are run by my students i don't have the names of those off the top of my head you could reach out to some of those people as well uh let's see here what if we came to solana beach right.

Now i'm not seeing clients um my call my associates are seeing clients my training schedule and production schedule has been ridiculously busy um. So you're better off seeing one of our people virtually we do have people here in solana beach obviously that can see clients. But right. Now uh we're just getting we're just recovering from covet restrictions.

So we haven't started allowing uh in-person sessions yet uh serial quiller says what are some darth snyder stories you allude to them. But i never heard any of them uh i tell those when the cameras are off my friend uh and the camera is definitely not off right. Now. So um i apologize for that alex p i used to interview crush i used the interview scratch technique i had an interview this will be the.

Third promotion in under a year no. Word back yet find out this week nervous waiting. So this is your you've used the interview crushed your technique this is your. Third promotion in a year i think that speaks for itself does it not alex well done uh samudraka says can we change our personality completely and consciously yes.

And no. Um you have to. First understand what your personality actually is and what it is not and. Then decide who you want to be instead and.

Then you need to actually go into trance and rehearse these new behaviors. So the integration or the transformation of personality is a combined process it's a conscious and unconscious process. But it starts with a decision and an evaluation of who you are versus who you want to be instead um lots of ways to accelerate that. But that's what you're going to that's what it's going to come down to um shashikala saying thanks for answering can you do a case study of eminem like he is literally creative legend can i do a case study not right.

Now evie star music hi dr schneider how do i deal with a work environment that's hostile i put up with physical as well as tons of emotional abuse specifically when there's no. One to turn to drill. So evie. First and foremost if you are uh this the victim of physical abuse you need to get authorities involved that can actually step in and make a change no.

Job is worth being physically abused you need to decide that you deserve better that you're not going to tolerate it and you need to do something about it now if you want the job and it's worth fighting for. Then you need to escalate and push back that's never going to be easy it's never going to be fun it's never going to be pleasant. But it is necessary you know there's an old saying that said and i forget who what who what i don't know whether it was buddha winston churchill or kennedy um i can i could be completely wrong on all three of those who said all that's necessary for evil to triumph is that good people do nothing and. So if you decide not to push back if you decide not to stand your ground you're actually being complicit in the abuse you're allowing it to happen when you know there's something you could do.

So i know that's a little bit harsh perhaps. But at the end of the day it's the willingness to fight for yourself that defines how you feel about yourself it doesn't actually even matter sometimes whether you fight and you fail or you fight and you lose or you fight and you win it's the fact that you stood up for yourself that matters ultimately um and there's certain psychological studies that actually show that especially where rape victims are concerned um. So. First and foremost you can control your states we can show you how to do that um you might want to learn some physical techniques for protecting yourself i highly recommend that you have to make a decision that you deserve better and are willing to fight for that right.

To maintain your boundaries and you need to be willing to reach out to the people or the resources that can support you in those efforts okay. Certainly we have techniques here for helping you in some of those areas um other ways you're going to have to reach out to other people. But at the end of the day it's going to come down to a decision what are you willing to tolerate what are you not willing to tolerate and what are you willing to do to make sure this stuff never happens again right. A lot of the people that i talk to who have suffered from bullying and abuse it's not a one-time thing there's a pattern of allowing certain types of people into our lives that habitually abuse us or bully us okay.

And that's on us unfortunately because we have a template inside of us that was installed at a time where we didn't know any better that allows these people entry into our world. So we can go in and we can start to clean up those templates we can start to reprogram uh habits that allow us to be more willing to stand our ground. But we have to support that with physical actions in the outside world you know we need to build a support system around us that says it's okay. To push back it's okay.

To fight in in ways that are appropriate and i think that's that's where you start right. You know one of my more colorful mentors used to say if you walk around looking like a bologna sandwich don't be surprised if somebody tries to take a bite out of you right. So again a little bit of tough love maybe. But we're here for you.

But at the same time you've got to be there for yourself because at the end of the day you're the only one who can and you've got to be willing to say hey i need help and go to this resources that could absolutely help you and stick to the fight and i really believe that that's that's how it needs to be there's probably somebody some other instructor some other coach or guru might have a different answer for you um. But that's kind of where i see it right. Now let's see here samudraka says what is magic frame and color breathing if you go to our youtube channel you type in magic frame uh use tech uh you try out youtube titles like how to reprogram your subconscious mind um change your uh clear your energy and how to get rid of negative emotions you'll be introduced very very deeply into those techniques and you can learn them for free online see here alessandra says thanks david really appreciate everything you do are you planning on rescheduling the mike mendel event yes. We're working very hard to reschedule that event um it's been hard because of uh canada keeping the borders closed uh.

But we are as soon as we are at borders are open and we can reschedule that event be rest assured we'll be heading to toronto with bells on uh mike's a good friend of mine we've always supported each other have tremendous respect for him every time he opens his mouth i learned something. So i'm excited to to hang out with all of our toronto brothers and sisters let's see here alex p says david thank you for that. So evie says put simply how do i let go of the anger and resentment of it all and rise above it with class and style and tons of experience stay control magic frame grey room uh pillars of power and uh color breathing and spinning those are gonna be your big ones uh use those consistently and you'll find that you'll gain a lot more self-control uh and a willingness and ability to stand up for yourself once again reach out to one of our associates for help for some of these things okay. Again this is not the time to to engage in pride if there's something you don't know how to do if you're a fledgling to some of the technologies that we're teaching pick up the phone send us an email and let us help you let us guide you and point you in the direction of where to go maybe to us it may be to other resources that we think are a better fit.

But we're not going to [ __ ] you we're going to tell you what we think is going to be the most helpful direction for you to go and we'll support you in whatever way is possible for us to do that um within reason. So i hope that that helps um can meet her says can you speak to use in some heavy 21 powerful words to ki all right. Into gear uh i'm not sure i understood what you want i'm not sure can okay. I think he's saying can you speak to us in some heavy 21 most powerful words to kick our asses into gear yes.

I can in fact uh and i might do that. But not when you're expecting it okay. Let's see here rosh red paul okay. We have five sensory systems to form a map of our world and the way we see things how can i find my unconscious map to change my life like my beliefs and my values point to where you.

First of all state what it is you want to access notice the body feeling point where you feel it reach out and touch it start manipulating that five that primary encoding system to be something else in fact if you go to [Music] um i think there's a video on our youtube channel about how to change beliefs um you're going to find a system of nlp submodality interventions which uh clearly explains how to recode one value to another value and. So that's that that's what i would use if you're working on your own okay. See here tony and asia's mom is there a way to self-motivate to work out and exercise harder yes. They might use the emotional bonding checklist and the procrastination blaster combine that actually for our for um tony and asia's mom and me and ages mom these are the techniques you want to use a emotional bonding checklist you want to use the procrastination blaster resistance removal protocol and.

Then. Finally use color vision circulate between those four techniques i think you'll find you get extremely motivated very very quickly and you'll lose a lot of that resistance uh to moving forward. So let's see um and me her says our feathers haven't plumed we're stupid what your feathers haven't bloomed you're stupid what does that mean sherry says i love watching newsmax for real news have no. Idea what that's about uh let's see here oh there's a whole lot of questions i didn't see um mir says we need to have some experience in our environments to really get traction away from these types of worlds okay.

We can't help looking like a bologna sandwich if that's all we have known that's true that's why it helps to find role models we call them avatars or exemplars in nlp people that you can model and take on their personality traits using the identity by design silo that's why we created it we need a community we have community you just need to join up all right. Um gabe h said i just heard that comment from your production product weapons of social seduction oh okay. The bologna sandwich comment i'm assuming right. Gabe um here says and i believe in you david very much well thank you i believe in you me that's that sounded amazing like an nlp statement jamie nicolosi hi david just curious where do you go to easily book.

The training with chase hughes go here well well the early bird still. Last http colonbackslash www.nlpower.com forward slash um i think is what it is go there and see if the page comes up and let me know if it doesn't okay. Jamie and let people know about it because we're going to fill up fast mirror says you're one of my heroes well thank you that's. So nice of you miese asks does your wife do any groups like that no.

My wife likes to keep a low profile she's not the attention [ __ ] that i am uh all right. Feathers haven't bloomed or stupid no. I don't think you're i don't think anybody who finds this channel and stays around on it is stupid i think the people who find this channel are looking for an advantage they're looking to solve a problem and become more of who they want to be instead of who the world conspired to make them right. Uh your parents can't teach you what you don't what they don't know.

So you need to go somewhere else to learn them and i like to think that our particular community is a place where you can come for solutions right. When nobody else has them when everybody out there is telling you what to do. But not how we provide the how and you know we do give things out better things out for free here on on planet david and the transformational super highway that most people charge for. But they're pieces they're pieces of systems that we've created designed to help you to continue your growth and.

So please take all the free materials go out into the world prove the worth of the technology yourself when you're ready for more you know where to find us right. Um. But we like to be the people that actually give you the how not just the what and i hope i hope you're um i hope you're experiencing that from us i really do uh let's see here serial quiller says not sure if you have or not already. But is there a recommended reading list there is a huge reading list unfortunately i don't have a link let me see if i have a link to it [Music] um i may not because it may be one of the facebook.

Groups that i i don't exactly know where it's at. So it's actually probably better um for you guys to tell me what you want to know about and i will recommend some books to you um sweetie you can't use a tv right. Now because i'm i'm doing a youtube live what if it doesn't make any sound if there's no. Sound.

Then you can. Then you can use it. But i right. Now i'm i'm talking okay.

All right. If you guys email me directly um i'll see about uh i'll see about posting that that reading list for you where to start valerie nelson's asking where do you start to become part of this community while you're here you could of course join one of our member level we have a gold level a platinum level and a diamond level here on youtube you can also join uh join the nlp power mastermind mentoring program that's a paid group as well if you want to join the the mentoring program which is the hands-on piece of what we do you want to go you want to give stephanie call 858-282-4663 or email directly at stephanie at nlpower.com if you want to just become more active in our youtube um in our youtube channel. Then you can go to the community tab and uh you can join either the gold the platinum or the diamond level i recommend the platinum and above. But you know you you choose what um what level of interaction and exclusive content you want access to and we can help you with that let's see here evie star music says i would sincerely love to interview you and pick your brain you've changed my life for the better in many ways you are genuine and real and extremely interesting well thank you evie and again if you have a podcast or something uh give my office a call and uh if you're you know again a lot of a lot of the the time that we allocate to podcasts now is based on uh audience size.

But um i'm more than happy to be interviewed if that's something that you have you have people who want to um want to participate or would gain value from the things that i have to say um toonbar q says good morning from myanmar good morning myanmar rocco i'm going to come to hypno. Thoughts live very excited rocco i'm glad you're going to be it's going to be fun hypno. Thoughts live is going to be an 11-day hypnosis extravaganza i am going to be teaching for 11 straight days for those of you who are interested in learning about all the things i'm going to be teaching i want you to go to http colon hold on a. Second uh colon www.nlpower.com forward slash 2021 htl 20241 please click that link and let me know if the link works.

So it's it's right. Uh we're doing a great suit again if you want to spend 11 full days partying with me learning the coolest in face reading hypnosis uh attraction techniques law of attraction techniques i'm putting it all it's going to be a david buffet that whole 11 days. So and i spent a lot of time with my personal students you guys here i always let you guys i always find ways for us to go to dinner and go to do things that are not just in the seminar room. But actually part of community building that i think is.

So important. So if you guys want some private time with me or personal time with me uh you might want to come out to vegas for 11 days and actually burn off some of that that covet induced steam that has been building up inside of us right. Let's see here fly girls manifesting said that's why i'm here yes. Me her wow that felt.

So consoling to hear like the real lifts piece of the heavy metal yeah yeah well that's my job right. My job is to show you what's possible and give you the techniques to relieve as much of the suffering that you're going through as possible. But to do that i have to walk the top right. I'm a product of the technologies that i teach and i want each and every one of you to take what you learned from us and make your life everything that you want it to be that's always been my goal that's always been my outcome um people often uh ridicule me for giving.

So much away for sharing. So much for free. But i think in an industry in a set of industries where there's. So much snake oil and.

So much promises with little delivery i think it's it's nice once in a while to be able to actually test drive something before you jump fully into it right. That's just how i look. At it althea linear says it worked excellent uh valerie nelson i click on community here this page there are no. Links uh different channel no.

Let me see if i can find the link for you really quick um i ha i hesitate whenever i have to go looking for links uh because i don't think people log on just to see my face staring off at a screen and not delivering any value or any content. So let me see if i can find a link. So that you guys can join the community page use this one if you click on that link um it should allow you to pick your diamond platinum or gold membership like i said i recommend the platinum or diamond membership if you want hands-on like personal feedback from me where you get to interact with other members and practice hands-on get the diamond level if you just want to ask me questions and have me answer kind of like i'm doing now. But in a private setting with a smaller group.

Then do the platinum level if you just want to watch videos that other people can't watch do the gold level most people really really love the diamond level. So i recommend that you do that i'm going to probably limit membership to that because. Last one we had was that they had 40 plus members in there and i had to actually rely on my identity by design trainees and certified instrument practitioners to help me make sure everybody got the personal attention that they needed people loved it um. But i either have to raise the price of that or i have to actually limit uh the number of people who can participate.

So. But right. Now there aren't we haven't we haven't done that yet. So if you want to give it a shot uh click on the platinum or diamond the diamond link specifically um and and try it for a couple of months and see if it's something that works for you if it works stay if it doesn't downgrade your membership to the platinum or the gold or whatever whatever works for you okay.

But use this link right. Here to do that grim shepherd question says what would you consider a good snake oil litmus test a does the person make a lot of promises tell you a lot of stories. But not tell you how to do it right. Um what i find more often than not is that when people are pitching stuff they're going to tell you about what they've done they're going to tell you what their students have done.

But they won't give you the how right. And if they do give you the how it's going to be something that's. So complex you can't do it yourself and we try to we try to shorten that learning curve because my belief is if it's not simple you're not going to do it it's not fun you're not going to do it. So um those would be things that that i would would test.

First and foremost and you can apply that to me if i teach you something online or through one of my videos and it doesn't work for you. Then it's technically snake oil you need to move on uh to something that works for you right. Um. But the nice thing about the technologies that we teach is you don't need to believe it for it to work you just got to do it we try very very hard to distill the majority of what we what we allow out to the public to be based on pure mechanics in other words your belief system isn't a big big factor in it you just gotta do the steps with absorption and focus and you will more often than not get the result if you're not getting the result it's usually a problem with absorption and focus and if one of us guides you through it you'll probably get a better result.

So those are the things that i would apply me here says how much is it to get certified me it depends on what click what you want to get certified in uh for though if you if you're looking to for a certification i recommend you give us a call at 858 282 4663 or email stephanie at nlpower.com and let us know what you want to know what you want to be able to do we'll give you the shortest amount of products or trainings to attend to get certified you cannot get certified through a product um most of our products are actually recordings of certifications that we've done. But we really really believe in planet david that if you want to be the best practitioner humanly possible come to the live events and. So we've built the core of our training around live events now we've developed products and product packages that are as close as we can get to fulfilling the needs that that are fulfilled in a live event our packages are awesome they're they're loaded with tons of information and things that round out the training and they're great in conjunction with the live event which is why. So often we package a live event with these bonuses.

But if you can't get to a live event the packages are the best way to go right. Let's see here tune is asking regarding emotional lines and face reading is there a tip to read it or is it just a matter of practice because currently it's pretty awkward to lock on a person's face without them getting angry well again toon ba you've got to you've got to set up the context and decide when it's appropriate to read somebody's face um if you set a context you set a frame around while you're reading somebody's face. Then they're more often than not going to allow you to do it and if you do it with the proper frame they'll be hanging on your every word if you just stare at somebody like a serial killer. Then they're going to feel very offended because that's actually a sign of aggression.

So again be very very careful how you go about reading people's faces if you're just staring at somebody people are going to get very very creeped out they're going to get very very uh nervous they make it very defensive and as a result become aggressive. So you always want if you're going to read somebody's face you want to do it in a way that you're not going to be observed directly and or you need to set a context that allows you to interact with those people where it's natural and normal and comfortable for them for you to uh talk about markings on their face and again in face reading level one and two we we go into that in explicit detail. So if you're not if you haven't got the course ready i recommend you pick it up uh let's see here rocco hey david i'm actually coming to san diego on 21st of june through the 28th of june i want to book. An appointment if you do one-on-ones unfortunately rocco i will be in florida on the 21st and i won't be getting back until sometime around the 22nd we are not currently accepting in-person sessions.

But if you want to book. A session online with one of our consultants call eight five eight two eight two four six six three you can call our clinic at eight five eight four eight one one four three eight and set up an appointment with tj or one of my other uh trained associates like zack easter or uh uh bernie ditrick is an excellent excellent practitioner i highly recommend that uh you reach out to them or reach out to us and we'll put you in contact with them renato nowadays is there a clear limit to what is possible to change in the physical body for an open hypnosis renato if there is one i haven't found it yet um my personal belief is that as long as the human body has the physical resources necessary i think changing just about anything is only a matter of time that's my personal belief i can either prove it or disprove it. But that's what my life experience and my clinical experience has kind of shown me um let's see here is a unicorn a good symbol according to feng shui i don't know that the unicorn that the unicorn was uh the chinese had a concept of a unicorn they did have a concept of something called a uh a chi ling or a unic or a key rin which is more like a unicorn horse hybrid or a dragon hybrid uh and those are considered to be good luck symbols um. So i think it would really depend on the source the feng shui source that you're going into girls you need to go if you're going to talk you need to go out near the room okay.

Okay. Uh let's see here tg source see for me it's just comes to human lie detector since my nde i can't unknow different every person okay. I don't understand that question tg. But if you can react rephrase it i might be able to help you uh me her i need to go to the face reading in vegas geez be all star struck and just probably stare slack drive away no.

I think you'll be fine actually the face reading class in las vegas for those of you who really want to do a deep dive into face reading is probably one of the better classes to go because i'm actually teaching uh my face reading level one course my face treating level two course my face reading level uh parts of face reading level three as well as therapeutic interventions. So not only do i teach you what to look. For and how to understand and interpret facial markings i also teach you what to do to resolve the emotional traumas connected to them. So it's very powerful um and it's it's the.

First all-in-one class we've ever taught and it's part of the 11-day uh package that we're offering at the uh backslash www.nlpower.com forward slash 2021 htl uh 2 4 1. So if you want to if you want a full rundown of everything go to that page read the description uh and if you like the link click it uh see here uh let's see ffs says it is according to the book. By lillian too yes. Lillian uh the book.

That you want from my teacher lillian bridges is face reading face reading and my spell my typing is terrible and chinese medicine by lillian bridges i cannot recommend that book. Enough there is. So much information packed into that book. I've literally only scratched the surface with my face reading level one and two i just reorganized and a lot of the information actually comes from her book.

I just i've just reorganized it uh to be much more organized much more systematic um and you don't need any in any background in chinese medicine to use it. So a lot of people really like that because it focuses on personality attitude and temperament uh and. Then from there once you've got that down you can start to transition into health and wellness you can transform into emotional history and things of that nature. But it gives you an instant snapshot of the temperament and personality of the person that you're dealing with.

So you know how to deal with them more effectively um mujtabi says alam says hey david i hear you've been working with chase hughes recently can you talk about how his stuff has influenced your library of techniques um chase's work is very scholarly he was well funded in his research and much of what he has spent you know he had a budget of about 30 million dollars when he was in the military to test a lot of things i did the equivalent of dumpster diving and what's interesting is how much of what his research budget has corroborated about what we discovered about uh in the material that went into our killer influence class. So there's a tremendous amount of crossover there's also there's also some crossover um and comp very complimentary work i love his body language stuff i love his approach to the neuroscience um his uh six minute x-ray is absolutely excellent uh in conjunction with our people reading for fun and profit systems his systems are focused on what we call active profiling which is calibrating body language and emotional fluctuation and deception in the moment whereas the face reading programs that we teach are what we call uh passive profiling in other words the consequence of a lifetime of emotional experiences as they've built up on the face and how they've marked the face um is kind of where they kind of coincide our language pattern our state control work all those other things are extremely powerful and can add a tremendous new dimension to the behavioral influence material that chase teaches. So jason's been a long time fan of mine i didn't know that for many years and. Then i went to one of his um his face reading master class and i found out just how big a fan and turns out i was a fan of his he was a fan of mine uh and there's a synergy there between our systems and.

So it's gonna be i don't know if we'll ever do it again uh. But i'm looking forward to to you know picking his brain he's looking forward to picking mine and seeing how our particular technologies and approach to influence people reading things of that nature um match how they complement one another and how they're different uh because i think there's value in both sides of that. So i hope that that answers your question i think there's a tremendous tremendous amount of value in which his teaches um and as well as what we teach. So let's see here um unicorn is a symbol of unique success according to this book.

I don't know what book. You're referring to uh rocco my friend invited me to stay with him for a week i'm gonna see the schedule and come by when david is there okay. Um what do you think about consciousness and we are expanding i know a lot of us are and i know that there's natural process can you explain one thing uh laura i'm not sure i understand the question. But if you can restate your question um in a way that i can kind of process it i'm happy to give you what answer i can let's see here god force one says can clearing negative emotional blockages be done in the head through mental procedures i'm gonna say maybe for sure it can be cleared if you utilize the body as well as the mind what i've found is when people are using purely cognitive techniques um it's the the the results are usually a lot lower if you're using purely cognitive process as opposed to integrative processes.

So i'm going to say definite maybe certainly about 30 percent of the population can get very significant very powerful change from a purely cognitive process largely because about 30 percent of the population are natural semantics and anything will work uh sebastian says hi just found your channel amazing stuff thank you sebastian i'm glad you like it uh let's see here billion dublin says that right. There is great advice doc d thank you billion alex corrales says unicorns can't exist because horses like to sniff each other all right. Then uh that's a visual i didn't need alex thank you. So much laura feyhey david can you explain to me why people what really people were told okay.

So hold on a. Second my girls are playing with the lights you guys please need to be quiet i'm trying to talk to my students okay. All right. So let's talk about this when we create our own reality what we're really saying is that the universe that we experience is a construct it's a expression it's an interpretation and a projection and a reintegration of vibrational data much like a cloud server takes information that's loaded and spreads it out and when we ask for that information that information is pulled back um our neurology is a lot like that uh if you haven't seen i'm trying to think of what video where i really express that go back to our mental uh how to reprogram your subconscious mind webinars go out to our how to reprogram the subconscious mind webinars where i talk about the proprioceptive grid uh the primary encoding system things of that nature and you'll start to get an understanding of the building blocks of how we create our own reality that's probably the most precise and concise answer i can give you laura watch that webinar follow the practices and you'll start to understand how we've created our reality how we've encoded it how we go from a primary experience to a secondary experience and how that creates the reality that we live in.

So i hope that helps alejandro guzman says love your teachings thank you alejandra i love you back s design says do you take on private hypnosis group classes um i can if you want a private group class reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 and she can help you set something up uh ev star music do you know my any studies have been done about the tone or pitch of people's voices and if it may have any significance as to whom we are attracted to get along with as well as the opposite i don't know of any studies off the top of my head that pertain directly to that. But one of the things i will tell you is that people with deep resonant voices are selected more or one night stands and people with high pitched voices i'm betting if you search on uh journal of abnormal psychology the general ameri american medical association and type in uh tonality and attraction uh physical attraction you will probably some find some attractivity studies that corroborate those things there's probably a lot more going on there. But that's kind of what i got right. Now j rose dr schneider sometimes it's hard to maintain my frame in a nervous situation i'm using posture and breathing techniques for state control is there something else i can do to make this bulletproof yeah clean up your [ __ ] and run positive movies in your mind um pick up a book.

Called the power of bad uh if you haven't heard me talk about this book. It's one of the newest additions uh to my reading list and it is if you have our influence technologies or our how to reprogram your subconscious mind technologies if you take the information in this book. And integrate it into that work you will find the power of what you're doing exponentially exponentially growing okay. Uh mujab alum says david i think i asked you this a few months ago.

But i forgot your answer which emotional axis are the best for using polarity drills with um i find certainty uncertainty to be good i find um attractive versus attracted or attractive versus repulsive to be good um authoritative uh versus not authoritative to be very good those are the best ones i think for most influence uh and of course you go to your four basic uh driver states four basic driver states are curiosity uh triumph uh relentlessness and playfulness or if he says you're. So true about the voices and the man yet of girl or girls or whatever yeah absolutely thank you laura cole diamond what would be your top five books for reiki and hypnotherapy thanks uh for reiki um essential reiki by diane stein uh the reiki handbook. I think that's by sandra nevius i think there's also one i forget in terms of hypnosis i would get hypnotherapy by dave ellman and the handbook. I want to say let me read the title here handbook.

Of hypnotic suggestions and metaphor those are probably the two best ones that i can recommend uh the difference between well. First of all i haven't read eckhart i haven't read the power of now um. But if my understanding of tully's work is accurate most of what totally is teaching about is mindfulness and being present uh the power of bad is about negativity bias which is a neurological predisposition make bad things worse than they seem your nervous system is hardwired to make bad [ __ ] worse than good [ __ ] in other words if points of pain and pleasure are equal your nervous system will generate four points of pain for every bad thing that happens. But will only generate one point of pleasure for every good thing that happens.

So you need to understand this this inherent neurological proclivity for negativity and realize it's just a default setting it's not actually true and once you understand that you can work around it and and that's the big thing okay. So much of the problems that we believe we have is because the negative the negative uh events in our life are actually expanded and exaggerated beyond what they actually are because of the way we've evolved the moment we can make adjustments for that we become much more fearless we become much more resourceful and we can begin to develop alternate systems for dealing with life mujiba as says thomas smith i think it's by john tierney and roybal mustard that is correct mr schneider cool shades thank you uh let's see here ashland says interesting voila al shabeel says how i overcome heartbreak i've been in a real mental funk uh three things to do a resistance removal four things resistance removal protocol uh spinning magic frame color breathing do those four things you'll be amazed at what you can accomplish okay. Um cold diamond awesome man i appreciate all the work you put out there thank you cole i'm glad you appreciate it i appreciate you appreciating us jamie says just letting you know the link worked david just purchased my seat thank you. So much oh jamie thank you.

So much i'm i'm glad we'll be seeing you i'm excited thank you um that was the the the combined link right. That was the chase used training jamie or was that the htlive training that you joined um the stream is four i don't know chatterman1337 says is that why some people are self-destructive it can be absolutely negativity bias is absolutely one of the primary drivers between. So many of the neurotic pathologies that we encounter many of them drive us to suicide or to self-harm. So yeah i would say it can definitely be on a part of it not saying it is a part of it.

But it can be um mujab says hey david where can we learn the resistance removal protocol uh go to the youtube channel and type in resistance removal and uh our the video should come up on the youtube page you can also get the identity by design uh course or you can get killer influence and learn that chase used. So for those of you who are wondering what what link jamie's talking about that she just signed up for it's http colonbackslash www.nlpower.com forward slash shi you can read all about it there's a little video there that explains what we're doing in september mujab says thank you david hold on a. Second my girls are calling on me can i have your electrolytes um i am actually out of electrolyte sweetie okay. Hold on a.

Second i uh i inadvertently muted myself all right. Let's see here mujaba says this stream is for anyone who likes to learn about psychology nlp hypnosis or self-development pretty much if you want to get the if there's something you want to achieve in your life our goal is to help you get the tools to get there laura says no. Thank you that resonates. So well thank you you're very welcome dave's son says how could i go about releasing built up muscular i'm assuming tension in the neck and shoulders transformational trio which is again color breathing energy spinning and magic frame those three things in combination will usually put a dent in just about anything uh michael h says david i'm curious if you study or follow other hypnotists work oh yeah all the time i i'm always i'm always studying i'm reading like five different books right.

Now uh and integrating things into what i do i never stop guys i never stopped in fact one of my students got. So frustrated because every time they came to class there was something new there was always a new class and the reason is is because there are things that i want to achieve in my life that i haven't achieved yet and i will not stop until i find a way to do it and interestingly enough what i have discovered through working with amazing people like yourselves is that many of the problems that i want to solve other people want to solve too and. So i always find a way to solve my problem. First and.

Then if it works for me and. Then i share it with a few of other people who have similar problems and if it works for them. Then i release it to the general public because now we have a proven methodology for getting the results at the end of the day it's not it's it's all about the result you produce people are asking about how do you find the snake oil versus the real deal the answer is what result does it produce at the end of the day does the information you're being given leave you hungrier than you started and not able to do what you came to do or do you come away with a process that allows you to implement that you can implement that yields a product which leads you towards the results you want or get you the result that you want if the information that you're studying isn't doing that for you you need to find a different source right. Or take it to the.

Next level you know and again i can't i'm i'm not gonna point fingers i'm not gonna say this person's um this person is legit this person isn't everybody something every everything works for somebody nothing works for everybody. So you have to find your path you if what i do resonates with you use it if it doesn't find somebody else who does uh and that's basically um you know my belief on that and and why what's behind the things that i do okay. Uh you won't find it you won't find it under transformational trioma java you need to type in things like how to get rid of a negative emotions reprogram your subconscious mind um how to clear your energy field those will those will give you a start anything that has secrets of personal transformation in it in the title should have one of those techniques in it um laura fey he says thank you you're awesome thank you thank you for you you're very welcome lauren b rowe is the magic frame more efficient by focusing on one issue at a time or can i do general issues such as insecurities i would recommend you be specific with it there are other techniques that are that are designed for general clearing uh the reason we call a magic frame a specific negativity creating technique is because it's designed to drill down on the inner reasons for holding on to a particular issue. So i would use like a universal solvent safe place or grey room or generic or multiple batch clearing type processes phoebe jones john ray says thank you for never stopping you are most welcome my friend serial quiller says do you know when you will be doing another hypnotherapy certification class i was going to fly down to vegas.

But coveted shut down the border yes. Look. For a class end of august beginning of september let me see if i have dates for that i have a regression hypnosis training uh scheduled for september 7th through the 11th um you need to have identity by design as a prerequisite for that um if you've had identity by design. Then.

Then come in uh if you have other hypnosis training reach out to me personally and we'll vet you if you have if you can do if your skill level is where we need it to be. Then we can let you into regression. But um other than that you need to take identity by design. First okay.

Zekkazon-san says what is the best way to change your identity and thank you for that stream you're welcome uh the best way to start with identity by design if you come to the training with chase hughes and i in september chase will be discussing brainwashing technique there what i call therapeutic uh brainwashing techniques these are decidedly black hat techniques that are being used for positive change um i don't know i i don't know how much of that he'll show. But he will be able to find out about it for sure let's see craigslist says oh my god it is. So true negativity with this codependency are my problem yep okay. Jeff berkowitz says what technique can you use for healing specifically cell growth um i would use direct drive hypnosis guided imagery um that's probably the best there's actually a couple of books out there on using these processes there's a course called intended evolution which is a qigong course that is basically energized hypnosis and a lot of the uh a lot of those techniques use cellular visualization if you just type in intended evolution in your browser you should be able to find it um i've gone through two or three of the videos.

So far and they've been very very um informative in terms of how things work i believe there's also a book. Called intended evolution as well um subash has asked can you point out other people other than you who may help in getting the things we want well i think that really who i point out really depends on what you want subhash um tell me what you want i'll point you in the direction what is the best way to influence someone energetically remotely usually at night while they're asleep using specific remote influence techniques um if you come to vibrational influence or vibrational healing we'll actually teach you those techniques billion dublin says really appreciate you coming on this night and sharing great conversation and insights on your saturday night very giving brah mahalis thank you sir i'm not familiar with red box at all. So you may have taught me something here's this can we all do a little dance party before we close just everyone wiggle around a bit and get us all playful well i we wouldn't be able to see them because we're not on zoom 111 hit the room smash that like button hit that like button well thank you yeah you guys like what we're doing please like and share the video again let's grow the channel let's build planet david let's go ahead and um when are your series of books coming out i'm still working on those i find it's it's hard for me to make to write a book. Not because i can't.

But because i'm i'm someone who's very very big on the best use of my time and when you look. At the amount of time it takes to write a book. Versus the amount of time it takes to do a three-day class call record it and put it out um versus a return on the investment um the books never win. But i realized how important books are to people and.

So we do have books planned i just don't know when they'll be out. But they will come out at some point [Music] any recommendations for getting rid of warts that have not responded to western medicine hypnosis is really good many forms of energy healing are good um hypnosis i think is probably going to be one of your best jeff berkowitz do you believe a big portion of law of attraction is letting go i've read constant obsession creates resistance yes. I believe that uh in the old hermetic practices and the old uh oto and golden dawn principles there was a concept commonly referred to as the lust for results which is an over and over clinginess to an over attachment to getting the result which actually hinders uh the manifestation process. So i absolutely believe that chatterman says 157 says thank you for your time you're quite informative and kind uh laura faith says that's a good one how to clear your energy field uh mood challenge says that laura fahey no.

Joke i think david is the best law of attraction teacher out there his laws of attraction is one of the best thank you mujah uh jamie says just curious how does the super surprise mystery bonus work um well jamie when you get to the training i will tell you what your super surprise mystery bonus is or i will email you separately because if i let you know what that is on the on the on the live. Then it won't be a surprise anymore and everybody will know what it is right. Needless to say it's uh it's something of high value um that will take the learning that you get from that training and and amplify it even more uh toon bok. Queue says books a legacy for your generations to come point taken point taken david what about hiring an in-depth editor to work on a transcript of an in-depth course and use that as i've tried that a couple of times it hasn't worked out the way i wanted it to uh we're not a rewind the nervous system plastic concept through sexual pleasure is only available for women as their mulch orgasmic i've read that men can be multigasmic.

But no. They can be multi orgasmic they just have to train for it i'm multi-orgasmic. So um mujabba says at renato yes. Men can be multi guys.

But you don't need to be multi-gathering wire nurses the reason that we we talk about orgasm. So much just to clarify is because it's the single biggest uh releaser of oxytocin in the body if you can uh we call it oxytocin loading if you can get the system to produce a huge amount of oxytocin in a short amount of time. Then you don't need the orgasm. So hugging will do it humor will do it um eating large quantities of foods high in oxytocin will do it preferably you do all of them and.

Then you do your training or your mental programming mirror says do we get those tickets before the end of the session yes. You do sarah asks any advice for finding your purpose yes. Um there's a process we teach called golden path i recommend that the. Next time we have that course uh you jump into it in the meantime uh jump onto one of our face reading webinars where we talk about golden path and how to read the face and unlocking traits techniques talents and attributes uh and i think you'll find that you're you'll get moving on your path very very quickly let's see here ujaba says also never use the million dollar point technique i have no.

Idea what that is uh okay. Okio says hi david i have always the question about combining other practices like fasting to enhance energy healing what are your comments on other disciplines to enhance nlp i think um you need to test it i don't have a i combined. So much with nlp uh because nlp was designed to be combined with other things it was designed to elicit what works and to find the best approach to getting a result no. Matter what.

So i think with everything you need to test it okay. Alex carlos says what's the best way to deal with cinderella's three evil sisters uh realize they're there and ignore them ashland says november december uh we're still working out the final events calendar for november and december we'll post that on the website if you want to know more about that michael h asks david do you use crystals for enhancing your vibration yes. But not the way most people do it okay. Um certain crystals have a certain resonant frequency range that have connected to it certain attributes and.

So some people like to use crystals as an energy source that they channel through themselves or they add their own energy to it to push a certain frequency i use energy or crystals as a tuning device to tap into a certain archetypal frequency range and. Then i gain rapport with that frequency range. So i can absorb those attributes into myself and. Then i use it for whatever i'm going to use it for uh subash says best way to rid the bod the rid of any illness point to where you feel it unpack it and spin it out of your body magic frame it or color breathing okay.

Okio says david do you offer mentorship i offer group mentoring at nlp power um the nlp power mastermind mentoring program you can also join our diamond level membership here on the channel link to that uh and you can join in our mastermind mentoring sessions on the. Third saturday of every month sarah asks one more question what's the best way to get into the state for astral travel via meditation or sleep breathing techniques etc also thank you i think there's a combination for that i i have in my library in my past trainings i have been given protocols for astral projection i do not practice consciously or train astral projection. So i think at the end of the day the best results are going to be unique to you. But i think that you need to integrate hypnosis as well as sleep programming um and meditations into that work.

So that's just my my take on it i don't i guess i am not a practicing astral projector. So i can't give you any more advice beyond that let's see uh uh mujaba says getting reports of frequency range is this a spin-off of the hermetic concept of getting reports helmet yes. Uh daniel thibault asked curious little eyes. Watching dad do what dad does best if she's just as smart or smarter david you're the perfect mentor and friend just being positive thank you daniel uh vino.

It's crazy looking at your content because people are just now talking about what you've been saying for years yes. Um that's kind of one of the caveats of hanging out in planet david is that uh we tend to come out with stuff that's a little bit ahead of the curve and people's initial response is to call [ __ ] and. Then five six seven ten years. Later they say oh my god david was right.

Um i've run into this was actually a big problem for me uh early in my career and. Then i just stopped caring um. But yeah yeah uh thank you for that filipino. Thank you michael says david thank you awesome chat thank you michael sarah says would you free hypnosis course be a good start absolutely i want to once again before you jump into any of our paid programs or mentorships or whatever consume as much of the free content on the channel as you want if it's delivering value if you're getting things you can use.

Then you can feel comfortable jumping into the. Next level if it's not delivering value for you at the free level why would you invest right. But if you do get value from it and it's giving you results it's moving you in the direction you want to go. Then why would you not right.

Prove this stuff to yours before you jump into a program prove it to yourself. First okay. And give us a chance to help you at whatever level you're comfortable with um sarah says you changed my view in reality when you talked about changing holograms with holograms boom very good excellent sam tucker for her medics what is the best book. Friends burdens initiation into her medics has been repeatedly recommended it's the best book.

I've found it's a little dense uh for some of us it's going to be harder to penetrate than others you've seen the things i can do a lot of it comes as a result of the things i've learned from that book. And found practices for in other disciplines and i've still scratched a tenth of it. So um yes. I'm gonna say use barton's work and everything else i recommend in our reading list as supplements uh let's see here george stevens says i have a marking on my forehead which indicates antagonistic traits inherited from parents could you please tell me how i can balance this i don't want to spend my whole life trying to balance them um george that would take a little bit more interaction than i can give you on this particular process.

But if you jump into one of our classes i can take a look. At your face and uh ask you a few questions golden path would probably be a really good class for you to to kind of unpack those and work on them uh let's see tibetan dream yoga astral projection is very advanced. But there are techniques to make it easier great suggestions to combine meditation sleep programming and hypnosis yes. Martin thank you for all the information you give us you are very generous martin you are very welcome and with that i think it's time for me to jump off and get my kids ready for bed and uh i want to thank you all for spending time if you had a good time please like and share us post good things if i did not answer your question go back to the comments section for this video type in your questions and i'll come back and read them and i will offer questions thank you all.

So much i love you all good night and god bless take care you.
