Title: mUewcrbmo18.txt
Video Id: mUewcrbmo18
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUewcrbmo18

Welcome back and welcome to part two of fearless confidence and again just to reiterate remember that confidence for the most part as we understand we understand an outside of this particular training this particular video is a myth there's a there's a common belief that if we're confident enough we can achieve anything well like we talked about in our previous session confidence more often than not emerges after you've taken the actions and that. I can't stress enough to be really successful in life the state you want is relentless determination combined with a lack of fear. But even if you have fear which you'll have a lot less of if completely gone by the time we're done today and if you got completely done you'll have the tools to continue systematically eradicating all of it and amplifying that sense of relentless determination and confidence and certainty that arises when fear is no. Longer a problem for you okay.

So a couple of things that we want to look. A few basic ideas we want to get out of the way a few basic administrative things or practice details we want to get out of the. First as well. First of all because this particular process especially the set of processes we're going to be going through involves the use of altered states you should never be practicing or doing these things while driving and moving on mobile or engaging in any repeat any activity that requires your full attention why a because you won't have it and be all of your attention to being what we're doing and not what you're doing elsewhere okay.

So try avoid listening to this while driving okay. We will create products. Later on that you can listen to while doing something else. But for this moment for this time that we're together turn off all turn off your cell phone don't put it on vibrate don't put it on airplane mode turn off your phone make sure you won't be distracted make sure if you have any pets because pets love to sneak up on you when you're in the middle of something hypnotic and nuzzle you were jump in your lap or doing weird things if you can stand to be away from your pets for a few moments put them in another room make sure you won't be disturbed give yourself complete permission to play pretend to become fully absorbed and focused in what we're doing now as we go deeper and deeper into these processes normally when.

I'm working with clients and this is important because. I'm today you're my client today you're my priority. But because we're working virtually because we're working at a distance because you can see me. But.

I can't quite see you at least. I see you in my mind. But. I don't see you in front of me there are certain modifications certain tweaks and certain understandings that we have to have as we continue to go through these processes together.

First and foremost is understanding that there's going to be an interactive nasai there will be points where you can just lie back and let these suggestions sink right. In there will be other points where. I'm going to actually ask you to do something maybe point to where you feel something or to breathe in a certain way just do it don't don't put a measure on how well or how badly you do it and most importantly take all the time that you need to do these processes you see because we're working with the recording because you are watching this at your own pace. I have to estimate based on what.

I know from the average client response how long or short is going to take you to achieve a specific level of responsiveness or goal or result if you fit in that model great just go right. Along if for some reason you get done faster wait for me to catch up if for some reason it takes you a bit longer take all the time you need and trust your unconscious to get the rest it may help me many times to actually watch and go through this process multiple multiple times to really ingrain these processes inside and. Then practice them on your own that's your own pace. So you can take all the time you need in the moments that we have certain areas and been average about 15 seconds 30 seconds up to 45 seconds to give you the time that you need to catch up for the process if you need longer to take longer it's okay.

This is for you if your done faster just chill enjoy the feelings and wait for it. But. However long or short you take you're going to discover an amazing new sense of empowerment growing within you a sense of realizing that you're no. Longer a prisoner of the memories and the recordings that your neurology made at times and in places when you didn't know what to do when you didn't have the resources to go back inside and finish them to tell your neurology what to do with them instead.

So those are some very very important considerations the. Last part. I want to talk to you about or that's two parts. I should say the.

First understanding the dynamics between a conscious response and an unconscious one and look. Pretty pretty familiar with where a conscious mind responds like. But we're not always really up to speed about how we determine a conscious response from an unconscious response. So there's five or six characteristics that.

I want you to become aware of. So too as we go through these processes when you experience responses that have these dynamics you'll understand you're doing it right. We'll talk about doing it right. In a minute.

So. First and foremost we need to understand that your unconscious always answers. First it's always your. First impression that's number one number two your unconscious always answers honestly sometimes verbally sometimes non-verbally it always feels like you're making it up that's number three if you get a feeling of.

Esaias for a question or ask to response if you're making it up you're doing it right. That's your other mind communicating to you fourth part of that which goes with number three is it you always have this crazy insane desire to edit what just came up number five it's never allowed it's quiet like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind and lastly it's almost never linear you might expect if. I tell you to go back to a scene situation or event where. X was true consciously you may expect to go back to you twenty thirteen twenty thirty years old because that's when the event you think you're clearing happen.

But you're unconscious it sends you all the way back to a time in a place when you were somewhere between zero and five you may be surprised at what the initial event the trigger the root of that particular process or problem that you're dealing with started go with it because your unconscious has a much different way of categorizing and organizing your experiences that your conscious mind does. So as we go through these processes today and you experience those dynamics realize you're doing it right. Realize you're only going to get better and let go fully experience these processes fully allow yourself become focused and absorbed in them in the ways that allow you to journey deep inside and tell your neurology what to do with this stuff instead the. Next phase is what.

I call resourcing now. I want you to stop for a moment and use either sort back through your memory or simply use your imagination remember a time and a place in your life when you felt absolutely safe absolutely protected nurtured and nourished all of your needs being met for all the right. Reasons where you felt completely in control now some people and by the way we'll be covering this again in our process what we took. We'll be starting in just a few moments.

But. I want you to have this in reserve because as we work on different videos and different processes in the future you're going to come back to this particular phase this particular technique over and over and over again it's kind of like the bit jack in in a deck of cards anytime you need to get out of a situation anytime you need to start the process of resolving something you can use the safe place energy that we're going to be developing within you to do that it'll begin the process of resolution for you. So which is sort back through your members. So back through time in a place when you feel completely safe completely in control now some people some people their safe places happens when they were women in times and places when they were very young in homes where they grew up other people's safe places our places out in nature a sandy beach.

Forest. Glen or meadow a mountain top a cave some people safe places a more spiritual or religious in nature like a temple a church a synagogue a mosque for some people have a more metaphysical meaning it might just be a sacred space somewhere where you're surrounded by your spirit guides or guardian angels or whatever manner of being populates the view of reality the cosmology that you embrace some people safe places are a little bit more colorful a little bit more unique. I remember. I had one young lady out in.

London when. I visited her and we went to her safe place we discovered it her safe place her idea of a safe place was a nuclear fallout shelter five miles below the surface of the earth surrounded and let and concrete there was only enough room and that sucker for her what. I'm really trying to say is that no. Matter what time period what flavor what genre what form your safe place takes it's perfectly okay.

It's right. It's natural for you and the interesting thing is that the thing that all safe places have in common is that when you're in that safe place when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you feel what you feel you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you're completely safe. So. I'd like you to take a moment bow your eyes.

To close if they haven't already go back into your safe place see what you see and hear what you hear feel what you feel smell and taste what you smelling you taste if you notice where in your body those feelings of safety start or they grow and they spread from you to a point to where you feeling as you point to where you feel it. I want you to notice something. I want you to notice there's a color or maybe a series of colors connected or associated to that wonderful sense of safety. First impression what is that color or colors for you that represents that wonderful beautiful amazing feeling or safety and now what.

I'd like you to do is. I'd like you to imagine if you would that beautiful ball of that amazing safe energy and exactly those colors floating above your head and. I'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body begin to shift and change as that beautiful ball a safe energy begins to grow begins to double in size and strength triple and quadruple in force and magnitude expanding to fill the room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between wrapping itself around you like a blanket like a a shield a suit of armor screening you from all less than positive things in the outside world realer imagine while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your sensitive your system with everything at most wants everything at most needs in an endless ever-expanding unlimited supply and when you were ready what. I'd like you to do it's.

I'd like you to breathe that color that energy through your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between. I'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as you do that let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon when you know you've got that take all the time you need what do you know you've got it just nod your head and let me know excellent you're doing great now you may have finished already you may still be working on it that's okay. Just keep going now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm gonna ask you to slowly scan your body once again what you didn't notice any place in your body where you're holding on to any points of tension or density or tightness these are places that your body has stored some form of emotion memory belief or experience when you find those areas all. I want you to do is breathe your safe energy through those areas full or around and through them in an infinite ever-expanding unlimited supply like hot water running over an ice cube and notice what happens to those areas as you do that take all the time you need to allow that process to take place and when you know they're completely on allow yourself to count up from one to five inside and bring yourself out of this state bringing all these wonderful transformations with you at any time from this moment forward when there's a feeling in your body you want to change a feeling in your body that causes you to feel less than positive all you have to do is close your eyes. Remember your safe energy and the color connect it to it find that spot assign a color to it breathe your safe energy through it and notice what happens now this is just a preliminary process we're going to build this into a much more in-depth system for you. But this is one that you can do every single day before you go to bed you can do it when you wake up in the morning to start the day off with a sense of feeling perfectly safe protective nourished in all the right.

Ways. So. I'm gonna allow you to count yourself out at your own rate and speed allow your eyes. To open and when you're done you can move on to the.

Next part of this tape or this video what we build on this process and go even deeper.
