Title: nE8tIGSCJJ0.txt
Video Id: nE8tIGSCJJ0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nE8tIGSCJJ0

Next technique. But put your feet on the floor close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh ah deeper and deeper with every breath you take every beat of your heart chest relax let go guided by the sound of my voice and tonight our today our. Next topic is about voices important voices voices that run our lives and direct our futures now.

I'm betting that there was a time in your life perhaps many many years ago maybe even before you can consciously remember or maybe was some time. Later maybe even recently when you had a certain someone in your life someone maybe trusted someone that you believed someone who could take you under their wing and show you something that was really true maybe it was a parent or a relative or a teacher maybe it was a coach or sibling. But whoever this person was they represented it what was true what was nourishing and nurturing someone who could speak in a way that you would always trust if you'd always believed in it they told you that the moon was made of green cheese well. I may not even even questioned it at all.

I want you to remember that person. I want you to remember that voice and as this person speaks to you. I want you to hear that voice inside noticing where that voice comes from listen to it turn up the volume and just keep turning it up listening to it talk to you speak to you to tell you things that are only the very best things about you and a voice that you can always trust a voice that you can always believe the voice that gives you really good advice a voice that speaks ten times louder than any other voice and as you listen to this voice you can hear him speaking talking to you tell you all the things you want with me be here make you feel good about who you are the life you lead and all the steps you took. To get here and you can begin to realize that from this moment on no.

Matter where you go no. Matter what you do this voice will go with you this voice will guide you support him speak to you aspire you in ways that you most warm and me give you the very best advice possible in every situation in every circumstance to tell you the very best perspective to take on any action or activity past present or future any memory and he thought any idea because we all have a voice we need to trust. I have a voice like that and as that voice sinks deeper and deeper and deeper still making its home in the very deepest most powerful part of your mind you can hear the volume increase as all the other voices drain away lose their power flow into reverse this voice of authority within you the voice that gives you the very best instructions the very best advice the voice of love acceptance wisdom inner guidance outer action. I want you to just take a few moments and just listen listen to all the wonderful things all the true things this voice has to tell you louder and louder over and over and over again telling you all the very best things about you no.

Voice that you can always trust and when you know you've got it see yourself feel yourself floating up out of your physical body higher higher and higher still until you're once again in that space beyond time in space and you can look. Down at your physical body and just like when we visited at temporal editing space you can look. Down and see that close line of time once again you can see the two points where your timeline begins in a timeline transitions into a glowing space and as you go higher and higher and higher still you can notice that there are two points of light one at the ending point of your timeline while the other the other is at the very beginning right. Before you go to conceive right.

Before you took. On a body as the plane is passing overhead signal motion movement traveling you can begin to travel backwards towards that point of light passing through that point before you took. On the body before you were conceived and finding yourself an amazing place a place that looks a lot like outer space it's dark and there are lights everywhere. But it's different in all the right.

Ways it's not cold empty like space would be it's warm and it feels safe nurturing and nourishing loving almost like bee and as you look. Around you notice what look. Like stars and you realize something that you're in a new place a place beyond time place beyond space a place from which you own consciousness the spark of the divine that would become you has always existed and will one day return a place where what you can imagine where the potential for everything exists a place we call the woman eternity and in this place the place beyond and before time and space you had complete access to everything you ever have and everything you ever will be and everything you can imagine you can become and. So as you float in this space.

I want you to notice one particular point. Orion calls your attention almost like it recognizes you you know many times when we experience this kind of welcoming it's like a like a puppy dog when you come home a hard day at work and that puppy dog no. Lose you're coming home and he started here she starts to get really really excited as you begin to move towards that one point of light recognized and. Then sees you begins to blink its to get exciting almost as if it's welcoming and as you becoming one the source of all light the source of all that you think may be inside connecting in that spark of the divine why don't they take on a body one day become the person that is you in this room physically.

But in this place beyond time beyond space everything can change and when you're fully merged with that spark fully in your. Center as the. Soviet psychologists would call it touching that spark of consciousness which is the same value as every other spark that has ever existed or ever will exist in this place. I want you to listen to that voice telling that spark everything that you would ever need to know to understand to accept the events and situations and circumstances of the coming life to understand them to survive them.

I just survived to thrive having all that foreknowledge all of that wisdom all of that loving nurturing and support and something else absolute acceptance protection forgiveness understanding wisdom all of it installing itself and informing that spark of consciousness that will one day and when you know you've got when you know that spark has everything it will ever need to be better than okay. To take all of the information and apply it in a very best way possible feel that spark beginning to move through the womb of eternity passing through that light your body and hear that voice speaking teaching guiding loving nourishing every chromosome every gene feel those cells merging and splitting to cells becoming for sound the voice just gets louder stronger more pervasive all of your. DNA all of yourself installing and replicating that information over over. So that no.

Matter what happened in the coming line at the very level of your genes and beyond you have everything you need instinctively intuitively logically and through it all there's this voice that guides you teaches you inspires you keeps you on the right. Track how's it a very best perspective the best roads to take how to interpret situations in circumstances. So that they don't make your life better how to let things go in the right. Way ourselves become 861 will one day fully growing evolving faster and faster faster still and.

Then at some point you reach that stage where it's time to emerge to birth the process of coming into the world bringing all of accepting this wisdom and the guidance and for knowledge and as you move through your. First year noticing how all the events of your life your experiences shift and changed because his voice teaching explaining things to you telling you exactly what you most want we need to hear to become the person the universe and they need to be the one you want to be through your. Second year. Third fourth picking up speed moving faster and faster through your timeline noticing how all of the events of your life shift and change because the person experiencing them was already different already aware already prepared with new resources new perspectives new ideas and beliefs because the voice gave you what you most needed to them the voice is with loving you supporting you nourishing you from before time began through all the days weeks months and years of your life 2030 and.

Beyond and through it all all the way back to that one movie turning me back to that spark of consciousness bringing all of that information with you and within the realization the one thing that was true through it all too long always accepted always protected and you're never alone see yourself moving from that point all the way through gestation all the way through your 1 5 10 15 20 not once not twice all the way into your future and. Beyond back to the womb over hundreds of times at the speed of thought until you know it's all different now when you know you've got you know yourself emerging coming back to the present moment fully integrating into your body and see how different and as you listen inside you can hear there's only a voice that speaks ten times louder and. Then either a voice that tells you only the very best things about you a voice you can always trust the voice you can always believe you're always little you're always acceptable when you know you've got and allow yourself fully from this state noticing how that boys drums out every other boys.
