Title: &quot;WARNING: This Hypnosis Induction Will Put You Into a Deep Trance!&quot; Control your Subconscious Mind
File Name: NK7xs4n-aOc.txt
Video Id: NK7xs4n-aOc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NK7xs4n-aOc

Off unless you happen to be attending this particular training through your phone in which case don't turn it off right. Make sure that your your doors to your where you're training are closed make sure all pets are out of the room believe me pets love this stuff and if they if they feel the energy start to change in the room they will be all over you okay. Make sure your children and spouses and significant others know not to freaking bother you okay. This is your time right.

So if that's all done if you haven't gone to the potty when would now be a good time and a whole bunch of things just blanked out all right. The rest of you put your feet flat on the floor close your eyes. And sit for a. SP take a deep breath in and let that breath out with a side deeper and deeper.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart just let go just let go now in a moment not yet. But in just. I'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids.

I'd like you to relax them more and more and more until they're. So relaxed. So fully. So completely relaxed that they just don't want to work anymore and when you're satisfied you're convinced they're.

So relaxed they just don't want to work in anymore all. I want you to do is give them a quick test just to be sure and when you're satisfied go ahead and stop testing and allow if you will that level of relaxation to flow from the top of your head all the way down down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take in. Every.

Beat of your heart. I just want you to relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounds that you hear other than the sound of my voice well they're simply the sounds of our natural environment yours and mine they're not going to disturb you they're not going to distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you remind you reinforce inside your mind body and soul the fact that you're completely saved that no. Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter matter how deep inside you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions obey my commands because you realize that everything.

I say and everything. I do well it's for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention once again on the lids of your eyes.

And this time. I want you to spread the relaxation in your eyes. From the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between and. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we've been relaxing your body we're going to do that in a very very special way in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet if you will backwards starting with the letter. Z with each and. Every.

Breath. You. Take and each and every bead of your heart starting with the letter. Z all.

I want you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them if you will to become smaller darker and harder to see turn the volume all the way down down down deeper and deeper down down down now obviously. I can't do this for you only you have that power only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're gone and you're as deeply relaxed in your mind as you are in your body all. I want you to do is allow your head to nod with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process drifting dreaming fling smaller and darker harder to see turning the volume all way down down perfect and when you know they're gone you can just let your head notot and we'll continue fantastic now as we continue to move through this process together many of you will be right.

With me in perfect time some of you who know this process may find your yourself moving ahead anticipating what. I'm going to say. Next others especially those of you for whom this is the. First time may be a little bit behind a little bit slower in how you process rest assured that if you're unconscious can hear me your unconscious can follow my instructions easily naturally automatically without any conscious effort on your part all you have to do is relax let go and let your unconscious now do the job follow the instructions and obey the commands now in a moment we're going to play a little bit of an imagination game if you a game.

I play with all my clients all my students because. I'm always very curious about how we do things inside your mind body. So. So.

I'm going to ask you in a moment not yet. But in just a moment to imagine something for me. I'm wondering if you might be able to imagine a place a wonderful place a beautiful place a favorite place if you all a place that to you is. So nurturing.

So nourishing. So supporting and fulfilling. So healing. So loving forgiving pleasurable protective a place that is.

So wonderfully magically positive. So perfectly and totally safe that no. Negativity of any kind could exist here for even a fraction of a. Second without being immediately vaporized or turned into its opposite.

I'm curious. I'm wondering if you could imagine what a place like that might be like. I mean. I'm wondering what might you be seeing when you're in that place what might you be hearing what might you be smelling and what might you be tasting because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste wow there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you had a feeling that lets you know you are truly safe and.

I'd like you to notice. I'd like you to become aware realize if you will that there's a place in your body for those amazing irresistible feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel at and point to it and. I'd like you to notice as you become aware of that space that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings. I'm curious.

I'm wondering what color or colors that might be for you. First impression now you don't have to tell me what it is. But whatever it is imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all point point in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of safety protection healing and forgiveness a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all negativity all threats real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that bre those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can turn it off or take it way not even you take all the time you need to let that process lock in and when you know it's done it's locked in test it try to turn it on try to take it away try to imagine some. Force outside of yourself trying to make it go away and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied only when you're satisfied stop testing and allow that energy to double and triple in size and strength double and triple in force and magnitude flowing through you and expanding outward into the infinite. Universe like a tap's been turned on and left running and just dissolve into it let go just let now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to ask you to scan your body one more time and. I'd like you to notice any place in your body where you're holding on to any form of density or tightness or tension you see as we move through this video game called life we encounter situations and circumstances that we didn't know how to deal with we weren't ready for that overwhelmed us physically mentally emot. Al professionally and what's interesting is that the. Universe in its.

Infinite. Wisdom built into each and every one of us a special set of mechanisms that were designed to go into operation to activate spontaneously in those times of overwhelm those times where our boundaries physical. Mentor emotional were crossed violated overwhelmed in some way and like. I mentioned before in that old.

Ghostbusters film in that moment those mechanisms go into operation it grabs all those feelings all those memories sucks it into a little box and sticks it in the hard drive we call the body kind of like an antivirus grabs a file that it can't quite get rid of yet because it needs the. Next software upgrade and it quarantines that file somewhere on your hard drive or it's just there held in safekeeping until the. Next software upgrade comes in and with that upgraded program we can now delete all those files easily effortlessly and automatically because we have the skills the knowledge the expertise and the technology to make that happen now as you scan your. Dot and you become aware of those places of density or tightness and tension which are indicative of those files that need to be dissolved resolved from the body all.

I want you to do every time you find one is breathe your all powerful safe energy through those areas let it flow in around over and through those areas like hot water flowing over an ice cube notice how those areas begin to melt and dissolve away solv dissolved and resolve from the body solve dissolved and resolve from the mind for all the right. Reasons and flowing into those spaces where those old memories those old containers used to be flows flows flows everything you most need and want and desire in. Step there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process to allow all those files to melt and dissolve away the ones you consciously remember the ones you consciously understand and even more importantly my friend the ones you unconsciously remember the ones you unconsciously understand the hidden files the secrets the memories that were installed in you without your conscious knowledge without your conscious awareness the ones that sometimes cause you to do or say things you don't want to do or say and maybe even more importantly the ones that hold you back the ones that cause you to not say the things you know you need to say and not do the things you know you need to do that are the right.

Thing to do they're all locked in there too and as this all powerful safe energy flows through your mind through your body through your spirit body through your energy body through your physical body through the spaces and the quantum levels of each and every cell it seeks out every place in your mind every place in your spirit every place in your energy body and your soul where you're harboring any of that stuff it flows into those areas and begins to dissolve resolve and solve it from the body solve dissolved and resolve from the mind for all the right. Reasons flowing out of your body deep into the. Earth replacing it with amazing wonderful things that you want instead. So take all the time you need to let that process happen many times as new energy works our way through our system we go through all kinds of interesting changes and.

Transformations some people break out in the sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people sneeze some people even fart from time to time that's okay. Because. However your body responds is exactly how your body does it there's no. Need to measure it or manage it make it happen faster just allow that process to happen fully and completely now as that process continues because your unconscious mind is.

So good at doing multiple things at the same time you can allow yourself to just let go while your unconscious continues to follow my instructions now many times my clients report that as this new energy works its way through their system they begin to feel little pops or the sound of locks breaking if you ever heard the sound of a a padlock unlocking manacles shattering it's almost like the bonds the boundaries the blocks that have been keeping a fragment of your pure true potential locked in your body it's almost as if those things just completely dissolve away and you feel yourself floating up out of your body it's not just a floating up and out it's an expansion if you will they often report a feeling of floating up out of their physical body up into that amazing cloud of safe energy into that special place like a drop of water emerging back into the ocean from which it came they feel a sense of reunion reconnection of the higher bigger. Cosmic part of themsel now they still have this idea of who they are as a person. But the scope and the competency and the magnitude of what that is grows exponentially as they emerge deeper and deeper into this space dissolving into many of my students often report that they just find themselves expanding exponentially bigger and wider feeling themselves becoming. Freer and lighter and lighter as they go deeper and deeper into that place they often report what look.

Like stars often the distance and as they look. At those. Stars they often report that one star seems to shine a little bit brighter than the rest it seems seems to. Sparkle and twinkle a little bit more enthusiastically and for some mysterious reason they often find themselves fixing on that one star finding their mind their emotion their attention drawn to and as they focus that attention they find themselves being pulled towards it in a gentle loving way they report it's kind of strange what they actually report as they as they move towards that star off in the distance.

I don't know if you've ever seen a little puppy dog when it's. Master's about to come home from work about to walk through that door master or mistress you know it's like puppies almost have a sick sense it's like they know when you're about to walk in that door and they start to get really happy they start to get really excited because they know the person they love most is going to walk through that door any moment and they just can't contain themselves many of my students and you might discover this for yourself find that as they get closer closer to that star well just like the proverbial puppy that little star begins to grow bigger brighter it begins to twinkle and. Sparkle more and more enthusiastically more and more excitedly and you realize it's because it loves you it misses you at the person it's wanted to see the most. Finally coming and as you get closer and closer and that star grows bigger and brighter until it completely takes up your field of vision you begin to notice beans of.

Starlight emanating from that amazing star and every place those star beams touch you feel a cleansing a purging a purification kind of like when you come home from a long hard hot bit at the office and you drop off all your clothes you get in that shower and you turn on that water and it just that water washes over you washing away all the stress all the strain all the grime all the less than positive beliefs memories and experience all the stuff you've been carrying around as those starings begin to wash over and around you and through you every place those star beams touch you feel a cleansing a refreshing an invigoration if you will and as you go bigger and brighter towards that star and it gets brighter and brighter and brighter you can notice something interesting that no. Matter how big that star becomes no. Matter how brightly it shines you can always look. Comfortably inside with complete safety feeling empowered competent worthy in all the right.

Ways now naturally at some point we find ourselves passing through that beautiful glowing portal and as we do as you do you may notice what feels like a fine mesh filter passing through your physical body your energy body your spirit body and your soul filtering away anything that is the less than perfect you as you immerge on the other side of that portal only the very best version of yourself passes in and as you allow that process to happen and you find yourself on the other side you find yourself in an interesting place perhaps for some of you very familiar place a dome shaped room with pearly gray walls kind of like being inside of a large gray egg as you look. Around the room you notice some interesting things the center of the room is a beautiful circular fireplace with a glowing radiant fire that beams energy and warmth and safety and comfort and support and nurturing and nourishment and vitality and you can feel as that energy washes over you how all the cells of your body respond and drink it in like a flower opening up to absorb the lifegiving. Rays of the sun and the stars and the rain you can feel every level of your mind body and soul drinking in that amazing nourishment surrendering to it completely you may even feel yourself growing physically taller bigger stronger more filled with vital energy more rejuvenated more competent more certain in every life as you look. Around the room you can notice what on the wall looks like colored squares and the intuitive part of you instantly recognizes that one set of squares represents all the amazing things about you all the traits and qualities and attributes and memories and life experiences that make you awesome that make you the very best version of yourself humanly and maybe super humanly possible all the secret identities and thoughts and beliefs in memories conscious or unconscious that automatically activate whenever you need to bring your very best whenever you need to come out on top whenever you need to have those hold my beer moments and come out as a winner these are the skills qualities traits and attributes that allow you to.

Prevail to win to accomplish the goal in perfect flow traits and qualities you consciously remember traits and qualities you consciously understand. But even more importantly the traits qualities and attributes that you don't consciously are not consciously aware of that you may not consciously understand. But they're still there supporting you guiding you and allowing you to win they're represented by one set of squares colored squares on that wall now those other squares well they represent all that other stuff all those things that are less than positive the things that hold you back the things that limit you the things that make you feel less than confident less than worthy that cause you to say or do things you don't want to do or to not say or not do the things you know you need or want to do the things you consciously remember the things you consciously understand and the things you uncons iously remember the things you unconsciously understand as you look. Around this room and you know notice the difference between the things that make you powerful and the things that hold you back one thing becomes obviously true that if it's in that room if it's on that wall it has been vetted and tagged as a proof for for.

Change and transformation we're going to do that now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to go over to that one of those walls. Reach.

Out. And. Touch one of those colored squares that represents a less than positive belief for memory experience as you reach out and touch it with one hand. I want you to notice that there's a place in your body where the feelings connected to that colored.

Square are stored where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel that and with your other hand point to it that's right. And when you're ready and only when you're ready. I want you to riff that puppy right. Off the wall crumple it in your hands you crumple it in your hands notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as all the connections all the control all the influence that stuff has ever had over.

Your. Mind. Body. Soul spirit relevance or important it's ever had in your life at all begins to break up and dissolve impossible to come back and when you're ready to.

Finally get rid of it to. Finally be free of it. I want you to walk over to that fire pit and throw that in the fire what. Feel the.

Rush feel the releases that fire doubles in size and strength doubles in force and magnet and feel the energy. Rush up out of the fireplace flowing over and around and through your body into that space where that old feeling used to be and flowing into that space blows everything you most need and want and desire instead there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install and resolve itself completely whole and total and when you know it's done it's locked in test it. TR to bring those old feelings back try to turn those new feelings off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied and only when you're satisfied stop testing scan your body notice how different you feel and when you're ready only when you're ready.

I want you to walk up to another one of those colored squares it needs to go byebye. Reach. Out. And.

Touch. It notice in your body you feel it point to it with your other hand just like before that sucker. Off the. Wall.

W it up in your hands as you crumble up to all the connections all the control inside and outside all relevance and importance in your life breaking up dissolving resolving from your mind resolving from your body resolving from your spirit and your soul and when you're ready minute a fire it goes. W. Feel the. Rush feel the release feel it burning away as everything you want and desire instead flows into that space in perfect proportion as it comes up it comes out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it solv dissolved and resolved from the body that's right.

Solv dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right. Reasons there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to run its course fully completely whole and total when you know it's done locked in test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead as that new program begins to process out you may notice you go your body's doing all kinds of crazy stuff some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people which some people get cold some people get hot some people get tingly some people get num some people sneeze belch every bodily function is entirely possible and it's okay. Because that's just how your body does it allow it to happen let it go let your body do what it knows how to do oh.

So well because as it comes up it comes out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it solve dissolved and resolved from the body it's all dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right. Reasons your reasons take all the time you need when you're ready only when you're ready. Reach. Out touch another one of those colored squares it's ready to go and notice that there's a place in your body where that feeling is stored just like or rip that sucker.

R off the wall and put up in your hands this is you taking back your life taking charge of your power stepping into to your full potential and letting go of the chains and the blocks that bind you crumple that up break it up dissolve it lose all influence all relevance all importance in your life now and forever and when you're ready fire it does feel the rush feel the release feel your body changing transforming. Letting. Go solve dissolved and resolve from the body solve dissolved and resolve from the mind for all the right. Reasons as it comes up it comes out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it take all the time you need to let that process take place whole and total fully andc complete answer doing great just keep going when you know it's done you can just nod your head to that meina and we'll continue with the.

Next part of that's said he. ISAC to keep going no. Rush this is all for you. EXC now some of you are experts at this you've been to the gry room many times you know exactly how things work for those of you who know how it works you know what comes.

Next for the rest of you this is where the fun starts because you know how this process works at the rate and speed that you're conable. I want you to go through every nook. And cranny of this room. I want you to examine every colored square and anything that needs to go into that fire.

I want you to reach out and touch it. LIF it off that wall. Clump it in your hands break up all the connections and control and influence ever had over your life walk over to the fire and in the fire it goes make sure you look. Underneath all the positive stuff because sometimes that negative gets misfiled and.

However you want to do it you want to do it one at a time you do that there's a couple other options that are available to do this one of my clients she had. So much stuff she brought in a leaf blower blew all that right. Into the fire my friend. James he was a.

Harry. Potter fan. So he would whip out his. Harry.

Potter magic wand and make all that dance into the fire another one of my my female clients she was an entrepreneur she had her own business. So she brought in all her personal assistance to come in and rip the off the walls for her they'd rip it off the wall they'd show it to her she'd sign off on it and they'd throw it in the fire for her one guy had. So much he didn't even try to pull the off the walls he just brought in a flamethrower and burned it all. However you want to do it in whatever way method gives you the greatest sense of release transformation purification if you want to rip it off one at a time go for for it you want to burn it off with a flamethrower that's fine to you want to bring in a gigantic paper shredder or a wood chipper and throw that in there that's all good take all the time you need now in the.

Next few moments to fully and completely whole and total burn all that up now and forever when you know it's done done only when you know it's done you just sit quietly and enjoy the peace when everybody's caught up we'll continue with the. Next part of our process excellent guys are doing great now when that. Last colored. Square goes into the flames and that energy surges into your mind your body your soul and your spirit something wonderful begins to happen the fire begins to double in size in strength double in force and magnitude brighter and brighter and brighter now.

I'm not sure if you guys remember the old. Iron. Man movie. But.

Tony. Stark. AKA. Iron.

Man he had this thing called an arc reactor that he kept in his chest and this thing could this little thing was the size of a tennis ball and it could power multiple cities it was. So strong. So powerful. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as you notice rising up out of that fire is a brilliant ball of centilating white.

Divine energy and it radiates a power and a. Radiance and a frequency that activates stimulates elevates every aspect of your mind your body your soul and. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as that glowing. Divine sphere begins to move towards your body towards your heart as it approaches your heart almost like a space was there all the time you feel little door open up okay.

And that amazing brilliant. Divine energy flows into that space like a plug into an outlet and you can feel that. Divine energy surging through your mind surging through your body surging through your energy through your spirit body through your soul into the infinite void burning away any blockages any beliefs any memories any experiences that are not in harmony with the perfect version of yourself that you came here to express amplifying elevating accelerating your energy accelerating. Your vitality returning your body to a state of.

Optimal. Health or even better and there's nothing you need to do except enjoy it expand and allow take all the time you need to let that process walk in completely now feel yourself emanating expanding outward in all directions hey and realize that for as long as your heart continues to be your lungs continue to breathe this power this. Force will always be with you growing stronger more powerful more. Unstoppable more transformational protective nurturing and nourishing in every possible way every single day for now and forever and anytime you want to anytime you need to you can come back to this place to do more stuff to explore and inquire and experiment and discover more who and what you truly are to discover and explore your power your purpose your pleasure it's just beginning and it only gets better now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment we're going to be begin the process of coming back to this place we call reality bringing with us a very different one embodying the master keys to. Transforming. Our. World because as the ancient.

Masters like to say. As. Above. So.

Below as within. So without as the universe. So the soul and that's what you are that's who you are remember who you are number one you yourself returning in this place we call reality bringing with you a deeper one expand him number two all of my suggestions and directions from me to you and you to your own other than conscious mind and now 10 times more powerful a hundred times more per thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before form embraced hell locked in to that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can. Implement facilitate perceive believe manifest and achieve all of these changes in all of the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards in your definition number three because there's always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face there's always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and.

From. This. Moment forward you're all powerful other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those. Solutions and.

Implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concern and four because it's all for you you've made the investment you've made the journey you've done the work you followed the instructions you obeyed the commands you tested the results and you've most certainly earned earned earned the rewards and the right. Keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you get to live it through the fullest starting now on the. Next count you can emerge from this process. Like a.

Phoenix. Rising. From the. Ashes like a butterfly emerging from a cocoon one phase of your transformation complete the.

Next phase the best phase just beginning ready to spread your wings take to the air to soar amongst the clouds to experience life the universe and everything in it from a much higher. Place more enlightened perspective head clear mind clear heart clear. Soul clear thinking feeling acting with self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive and ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel okay.
