Title: N9llyt41iKU.txt
Video Id: N9llyt41iKU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9llyt41iKU

Yes. I a geek in all my glory all right. So we've covered pleasure intensification we've kind of laid the groundwork no. Pun intended we've used the gry room we've practiced.

Magic. Frame right. We're going to take a little bit of a segue off of the identity by. Design silo or the the personal transformation.

Silo we're going to go into um neurosomatic energetic repatterning or we could say applied neurosomatic energetic repatterning right. AKA as it's known in my convention circles as spinning. Cynthia. Comming up here cool.

So. I'm going to ask you a question is there something you'd like to get rid of or something you'd like to have more of oh that's a good question that wait how about something more of because. I would have said something to get rid of. But.

I've got some techniques for that okay. So there's something you want more of okay. Is it a pleasurable thing all right. Now no.

Matter how intense it gets your feet will remain strong beneath you sometimes when depending on what they ask for they get a little weak in the knees yeah need do that right. So here's what. I want you to do. I want you to close your eyes.

Actually. I want you to remember that thing think about that thing that you want more of. I want you to notice that there's a feeling connected to that thing you want. I want you to notice where in your body that feeling lives point to it good as you look.

At it with your inner eyes. I want you to notice that there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression orange good. I want you to reach into that spot with both of your hands grab all that orange energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides nice now is is it all there did the color change or stay the same kind of bad okay.

Cool now. I want you to grab it with both of your hands now since this is something you want more of. I want you to notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning good physically grab it and double the spin double the speed double the force double the amplitude double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's spreading all throughout your mind all throughout your body growing stronger and stronger with every breath notice how good it feels only stronger only stronger that's right. Stronger and stronger better and better 10 times better now.

Every. Breath. You. Take.

Every. Beat of your heart it just gets more and more intense and will only continue to get stronger and stronger noticing how good you feel that's right. Take it to its ultimate extreme that's right. Notice how good that is keep going there you go pure stronger stronger that's right.

Got to come up that's right. Now only this stronger even stronger every time you go into it even better than the time before that's when you know you got it when you've got it to the point that you want just allow your eyes. To open knows how good that feel you know what's interesting is it pushed out something. I didn't want which is really awesome.

I mean it didn't completely push it out. But that's cool give her a big round of applause. So this the the process is actually very simple it's based on this concept we talked about earlier called sematic address everything that we have cognitively emotionally intellectually is has a correlation a correlate an address somewhere in the physical body when we access these things through the body and we access the body's code for that that process we gain power over the process like for instance that orange color that's spinning double the spin notice what happens till it blows out everything pretty cool huh everything in the body can be. Zapped.

This way everything. So what do you do whether it's a good feeling or a bad feeling the. First thing you want to do point to where you feel it. Second part close your eyes.

Look. At it with your inner eyes. Internally. So in other words.

I'm use you come on up here. So there something you want more of or something want get rid of get rid of okay. Cool point to now there's a a thing right. Right.

There close your eyes. Notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression green reach in grab all that green energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides see. I told you now is it all in your hands yes.

Okay. Did the color change or stay the same. First impression still the same good as you look. At it.

I want you to notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning spin cool it's one thing something you want less of. I want you to physically grab it with both of your hands and turn it. So it's the opposite of what it was now double the spin double the speed double the force double the amplitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's gone the feelings come up let them come out it's like what the he's got that what the look. On his face right.

Try to bring it back right. Remember that anything any feeling we have in the body in order for the body to maintain the experience it has to keep recycling it right. That recycling process has a structure it has a language that the body understands law of. Yin andang which is.

Chinese medicine tells us that the body that. Yin andang cannot exist without the other. So if we create a feeling in our body that issues pain or discomfort. Then by definition we must also have a default code or.

Direction that signals its opposite it's. Yin. Andy. Yang polarity does that make sense okay.

So the moment. I elicit how the body does one. I automatically know how to do the opposite it's his internal code the body does not resist itself. So because.

I use his code actually he uses his code. I guide him through the process right. He doesn't resist it it's native to his environment and it gives him the opposite experience and what happens is it backward generalizes. So it literally starts from like its point of most recent manifestation and flies backwards.

So many times when you get this you'll feel once like it's like with the gry room or whatever you'll feel this emotional purging kind of come up sometimes they break out into sweat sometimes they have orgasms it it really really depends on the direction right. But the more they spin it the more they physically remember notice all the elements we talked about sematic. Bridge getting the body involved d right. That's the magic those are the two key elements that because a lot of other like.

Richard teaches this teaches how to spin and things like that um other people do a little bit with spinning. But nobody nobody incorporates external and internal all the ways that we're doing it here and when you do that you really literally light the brain and neurology up like a. Christmas tree every part of the brain is active inside and outside very very different experience in is doing this inside your head right. Better still mhm yeah it'll just keep generalizing that way give him a big round of applause.

So when when you spin it you threw it in there is when you feel there. I feel like that's you weren't sure where you were. Then like crack. St oh and yeah for the.

Last month and a half if. I do this nice and sore. But right. Now no.

Big round of applause it's a kind of magic okay. Like. I said you guys haven't tapped in to a tenth of the potential that your nervous system is capable of right. I'm just.

I mean. I'm. I. I.

I that technique was literally downloaded to me eight years ago and. I had no. Idea what. I'd gotten because.

I. I did used it once or twice for migraines and back pain. But. I hadn't played with it and.

Then all of a sudden the. Last two or three years starting with the. China trip when. I went out to you know to work with my my uh my my my.

Second my sixth aunt on my mom on my wife's side that's when. I brought this thing out of mothballs and it's been just there hasn't been a damn thing. I've thrown at thrown it at that hasn't worked now for migraine how would you work that for migraine point to where you feel it it all starts with sematic address right. So the nervous system is connected to your subconscious somehow oh hell yeah okay.

Hell yeah where it lives where's it's the physical component it's it's the conduit through which your unconscious flows remember something whether you believe in energy as a construct or a metaphor or an actual physical phenomena the in the the energy we're talking about is highly organized it carries information in order for that information to affect the body in order for energy to affect the body there has to be a common medium of communication there has to be something that allows the nervous system to take the information in the energy and utilize it and express it that means it has to have a language or a code or a structure if it has a language or a code or a structure that structure can be. Rewritten it can be reinterpreted information can be added modified or deleted right. So when. I talk about energetics or vibrational influence.

I'm not talking about this glowing cloud of energy that floats around us called an aura. I'm thinking like a very very highly organized. XYZ. Grid in three dimensions around or multiple.

Dimensions around us where things spatially have different meanings and the way we we categorize and express meanings is through that spatial orientation right. The language of the nervous system is not lingual in the sense of words it's visuals auditory kinesthetics old factories gustor time and space and it's mediated through your propri reception and your mirror neurons and it's preconscious by the time you become conscious of it you've already done it it's too late your conscious mind is the least informed and the. Last to know always. But it's the part that screams the loudest.

So we pay the most attention to it does that make sense. So the basic skeleton of this process is if there's something you want to change point to it physically point to it sometimes depending on if. I think they need more parts of their their system online. I'll actually have them physically look.

At it. Then. I'll have them close their eyes. And look.

At it with their inner eyes. Notice that there's a color associated or connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression always go with your. First impressions regardless of how ridiculous it may be right.

As they find the color. I want you to reach in with both of your hands sematic. Bridge vivification you can grab all that energy take it out and hold it in your hands. First impression did the color change or stay the same whether it changes or doesn't perfect as you look.

At it notice it's spinning in a certain direction what's the direction. First impression right. Now if it's something they want more of that means that direction is generating something that's desirable physically grab it with both of your hands double the spin double the amplitude double the force double the magnitud ude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own when you know you've and until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was if it's something you want to get rid of right. When you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's gone couple of key phrases notice the change notice it's gone or if it's something you want more of notice the change notice it only gets better and better and better and better okay.

You guys ready to play with this the secret here is maximizing neurological absorption in the experience. So the more parts of their awareness you call to it the more you make them go into it and pull out data the more parts of the brain you're going to activate. So if they reach in they grab that color and you want to make sure that they're really really locked into that you say what's the color. First impression did it change or stay the same okay.

They have to actually go into it to give you that to answer that question you might want to say well smell it what does it smell like. First impression what does it taste like. First impression right. Is it hot or cold.

First impression the more information about the about the con this this representation that you you you you call for the deeper for the neurological absorption normally. I don't need to go beyond just the color and the direction right. The direction is important because direction is is telling us are we moving towards pleasure or towards pain right. Are we what are we manif it doesn't have to be those are the extremes there's all kinds of subtleties to this you can play with.

But the basic the basic skill set is point to where you feel it look. At it inner eyes. Outer eyes. Notice the color take it off out they also hear me say a lot of every time.

I do say notice make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides right. And you literally see nine times. Well. I wouldn't say nine times out of 10 probably about seven times out of 10 you'll see them go they'll have it in hands.

I said make sure you got it all sometimes that highs and they'll go back in and they'll find more right. Because it's just one of those things if you don't call attention to it right. And sometimes that keeps it from coming back sometimes you don't need that sometimes the moment you just reverse the spin and slam it back in it just reverse generalizes and blasts everything. But.

I'm redundant you know. I want to make sure that. I'm going to get it all does that make sense. So you reverse the spin to get rid of it or okay.

And. Then you keep the same spin to keep it to amplify it amplify it's something you want more of right. Okay. So.

I always recommend that you bucket list this process in other words start with things that are of a relatively low intensity if. I'm doing it you can you know go for it you know pull the tens out. I'll zap them. I don't care.

But when you're working with a partner it's your. First time doing it by the way if you do the process and it drops. But it's not completely gone do it again. I've had.

Pro. I've had people come up. I do this process it drops from like a 10 to a six and they think they're done they start to walk down. Ain.

Done. Yet take it back out spin it again slam it back in and. I've shrunk tumors with this okay. It has that that kind of effect doesn't happen like that with everybody it really a lot depends on how how malleable your nervous system is right.

But. I. I haven't found anything that. I can't zap with this sometimes it's a problem though because people have a.

Bel that they can't they it takes they need more effort they have to work harder to be fixed right. If. I'm doing chronic illness many times chronic illness is not the problem in other words like if. I have somebody who like with tumors.

I have somebody who's got a tumor the tumor isn't the problem the tumor is a symptom right. There's a reason the tumor is there and there's a feeling connected to that reason point to where you feel it and it's almost always in a different spot than the tumor because cancer is caused by repressed emotion most of the time which is not the tumor itself if you try to zap the tumor you'll get some movement. But you won't get resolution you zap the reason the tumor is there in the. First place tumor has no.

Support goes away or starts to at least what about bone pain you got bone pain yeah come here is there something biomechanically behind it or is it just something that came out of nowhere. I was born with it. I have deform spine and it's all the time right. Here it's like a hot poker hot poker let me ask you something is it okay.

To get rid of it yes. Is is a doctor going to be pissed off if all of a sudden it disappears no. Uh no. Has no.

Uh there is no. Recourse except for surgery and. I'm not willing to do that okay. Colear okay.

Point to where you feel it okay. Cool scale of 0 to 10 write the feeling right. This very moment mm about a seven okay. Close your eyes.

Look. At it with your inner eyes. I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression red reach in grab all that red energy with both your hands take it out and hold it in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides see.

I told you there you that's it keep digging it get it off okay. But it's right. There you go good now you hold is it all in your hands. First impression yes.

Good did the color change or stay the same it got a little lighter excellent now as you look. At it notice it's moving in a certain direction what direction is it moving this way physically grab it with both of your hands reorient it. So it's the opposite of what it was that's right. There good now double the spin physically move it double the spin with your hands double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own till it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you got it slam it back in oh notice the change let the feelings come up let them come out notice they're gone let it come up let it come out it's all right.

That's right. Let it all come out you got to let the emotional purging happen she she braks out in the sweat you'll see that a lot it's clearing feel it leaving that's it it's like leaving here yeah there you go help it out let it happen. I got you oh to that's all right. I got you feel it draining away had of a long time.

So there's probably some stuff in there there you go notice it's gone when you know it's gone try to bring it back that's far way. M. But that feels good huh. I feel like.

I'm really down here now oh that would be. So wonderful it's when it come out it's all right. It's like really. I know it's like.

I feel like vomiting almost your body's resetting itself okay. The new program is engaging when you when you load a program into your computer it doesn't instantly activate right. You load it it spreads out through the system and. Then it slowly begins to to this is what happens there's a bit of a lag there will be an abreaction many times there will be a physiological shift as the body reorients and be and takes on this new this new state okay.

Especially with someone that's been there a while because it usually has a lot of stuff connected to it right. But again it's reverse generalizing. I still sort of feel upset there. But yeah compared to before.

U well. I don't feel my back it whatsoever. But yeah. I feel like.

So the back is the back feels good thank you welcome give her a big round let it process out okay. And when you're ready try to bring it back okay. Like. I said what the body manifests the body can fix go play.

I've had people literally like. I'm working with somebody and they're watching and they have like a headache or something and. I do this with somebody their headache goes away because they get. So into it their mirror neurons are firing on.

So many different levels simultaneously mind it your went away many. I do not have a [Laughter] headache came with one can you came with there you go right. Welcome to my world. I feel this space like.

I don't know it's really weird that's what normal feels like probably way and. I haven't been normal ever all right. That's your task pick some stuff zap it it only gets better absolutely amazing. I.

I still look. At it. I like this shouldn't work it's just not. But actually it makes it's in perfect alignment with what all the ancient texts on on hermetics and things like that are saying.

But they're not saying it directly it's there's always more strength in synergies of the system than there is in isolation. But we live in a society that consistently teaches us to isolate out and find. Vari find the variable. But that's not the way our systems work our systems work based on.

Synergy the more the systems we have working in focus on a specific task the more power we have all right. So start with small things if you want to those pleasure triggers that we installed and we played with notice where in your body you feel it take it out spin it double the spin double the force slam it back in notice what happens and keep doubling it right. You can take everything we learned using the four. Magic.

Bullets and amplify it through the spinning process now questions on it you guys look. Terrified dude this is 10 times easier than than the four. Magic. Bullets um.

I almost stopped using the for. Magic. Bullets when. I started doing this yeah.

So let's say you were trying to do something more of that was intangible like joy for example mhm would. I picture something that looks like. Joy come here come here all right. I just don't know what the picture you don't have to picture anything it's not about the picture all right.

Joy joy you remember feeling intense. Joy. I know you can notice where in your body the feeling starts. I get.

So. I get confused between joy and gratitude which one do you want more of well. I. I got.

I'm. I'm. I do well with gratitude. So.

I want to do. Joy okay. Where does. Joy start in your mind.

I suspect. This. Joy is right. Here okay.

So where's gratitude. Then gratitude's kind of like yeah okay. So start with once you look. At the joy.

I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression bright. Uh like a light orange bright. Light orange good reach in grab all that bright.

Light orange with your hands take it out hold it in your hands make sure you get it all cuz sometimes it hides there you go you got a lot of. Joy that's good when you know you got it all hold it in your hands you get it all good did the color change oh see little bit. High that's all right. It's all right.

You got more than enough as you look. At it notice did the color change or stay the same stays the same good notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning. First impression good since it's something you want more of physically grab it with both of your hands double the spin double the force double the speed double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again stronger and stronger and stronger until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you got it slam it back in notice the change let spread all throughout your mind all throughout your body washing every cell with those feelings double the spin again notice it rush through you again that's right. Feel it everything you want the way you want it notice the change notice the increase notice the joy flooding you your body yeah right.

On right. Big round of applause big round of [Laughter] applause he's like. I'm going home now that's an [Music] exciting way to do it for me. I really like that way.

I like it too cuz. I'm lazy. I can charge $1,000 a change and do work for two minutes all right. Again this is the basic are there subtleties that we can play with yeah we can there's all kinds of different ways that we can we can work with this process right.

But start with this okay. Because once you own this you can pretty much change whatever you want now keep in mind if you're dealing with something that is painful emotional or physically there will probably be an emotional shedding. AKA an. AB reaction that takes place when that happens like when.

I had uh when. I had. Mike up here right. I didn't just disengage right.

I stayed with him. I was connected to him. I was adding my proception and my my intention with him through the entire process when. I had you up here and you were going through your whole.

AB reaction yeah. I held that space for you. I stayed there with you because my energy is adding change to the system it's adding. Force to the process going on you notice when.

I have you guys up here even if you know even those of you who were doing the process how many times was. I actually acting out what the other person was doing. I was doing it right. Along with them right.

So. I'm adding. I'm adding my emotional energy my synchronization of my nervous system to theirs. I'm firing their own their mirror neurons through my actions right.

So. I'm adding. Force an amplitude and reinforcing the messages that. I'm telling them to do.

So. I'm engaged with them through the entire process. So your ability to get good at this is going to be based on your ability to entrain with their nervous system right. And goes deeply into the process with them as possible.

I feel like if. I'm standing. Next to you as a big difference than if. I'm sitting and somebody's up there absolutely absolutely right.

And. I've also o found that you can do this sitting. But when you're actually standing it it really kicks it in right. Now don't get your don't don't don't assume that you're wide awake when you do well you are wide awake.

But you're in a profound state of subabul ism it's just neurologically induced instead of um it's it's induced through a different set of processes it's induced through absorption rather than relax the eyes. Relax the body it's it's the same state. But where you actually feel more more alert when you go through the process because your brain is lighting up like a. Christmas tree when we're doing four.

Magic. Bullets parts of your brain are turning off other parts are turning on in this particular process we're turning on everything and. I'm still turned on. I know this whole head is just like yeah your systems your systems recalibrating okay.

Your internal environment is changing anything that's not in harmony with that that change is going to come out right. There's no. Top level either you can just keep adding to it and and. But the ability to use the spinning technique is really contingent upon your ability to become self-aware you can't change something you can't you don't know is's there does that make sense.

So as we become more self-aware we become more aware of subtle feelings in our body where they're located we gain the ability to. Target it and change it we have to allow oursel to completely go through the process my cabri action was very short yours was much longer right. However long that process takes place you have to let them know that hey this is supposed to happen let those feelings come up and out because our initial response is the moment we feel those intense feelings is to try and stuff them back down or to run away from them that's not how it works you don't you don't get rid of a boil by just letting it sit you. Lance it let the pus run out sorry.

I hate to use that kind of a metaphor. But it's really kind of true right. For that moment of discomfort you have a lifetime of freedom right. That's the difference between pain and suffering both are choices pain is what you get is that momentary discomfort you go through when you choose to become something different you have that moment and it's gone suffering is what is the choice is what you get when you choose to run away from the pain and it follows you everywhere you go it's a choice right.

Okay. Questions on this before. I set you loose to play go have fun with it.
