Title: SPEED HEALING: How To Rapidly Heal Physical Pain in 9 Minutes or Less
File Name: nlP_eBKEf70.txt
Video Id: nlP_eBKEf70
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlP_eBKEf70

What do you got for me brother uh. I dropped an 80 lb weight on my uh foot about two years ago um it broke. I didn't do a damn thing about it. I fig.

I'm a guy walk oh. So your unconscious mind is pissed off at you well come on over here don't be. B all right. Right.

What you got. So uh. So what's what's the problem that you're having um grabbing pain where you know heal wrong oh healed wrong okay. And is there any reason why you might want to keep this oh hell no.

Okay. Is it okay. Ribb it damnn right. CU you focus on the pain right.

Now by the way what. I told him to focus on the pain you should never do that in pain control work yes. You could you doubt to do tactically you focus on the. Pain.

Scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of the feeling oh it's about a four about a four close your eyes. For me now here's what. I'd like you to do we're going to use a magic frame just to see what happens if you could imagine that floating in the space around you is a picture that represents that experience just. Reach.

Out. And. Touch that for me. First impression trace the edges of with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is excellent now here's what. I'd like you to do just for fun grab the edges of it and make it bigger tell me what happens to the feeling get bigger oh okay. Put it back to its original size pull it closer to your body tell me what happens to the feeling. T place okay.

Put it back to where it was now what. I'd like you to do is. I'd like you to put a big thick black frame around it big thick black frame excellent now you're probably too young to remember when television did dials and knobs and switches instead of remote controls and touch screens like you young [ __ ] have right. I' like you to feel along the bottom.

I want you to notice there's some dials and knobs and switches and. I want you to find the one that controls the brightness or the contrast. I want you to turn that that that knob all the way to the right. Until image whites out completely notice how that makes you feel and turn it all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel tell me which one you like better like the white right.

Turn all the way to the white for me now there were probably some lessons connected to this experience that this experience had to teach you. I want you using your index finger of your dominant hand like a stylus on a tablet. I want you to write across that screen and glowing golden letters everything that this experience had to teach you. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go and just keep writing the screen will scroll.

So you can write as much or as little as you like when you know it's done just nod your head to let me know now you may notice as you do this that feelings and emotions might come up that's okay. Let them that's just part of the neurological reset as it comes up it comes out as you feel it you reveal it as you heal it or as you reveal it you heal it it's solve dissolved and resolved from the body solv dissolved and resolved from mind take all the time you need to get it all out he's got to be good anything that comes up it pops up put it on the screen just keep going excellent got it all excellent shrink that down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller float it up over the top of your head back. Beyond the. Horizon you know the sound that nail gun makes you got nailed back there for all eternity and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity.

Rick try to bring it back and notice what happens instead scale of 0 to 10 rate the remaining feelings in your foot it's gone excellent open your eyes. Notice how good you [Applause] feel try to bring it back usually when. I walk it's not there good have a seat big round of applause for the man is it really that easy yeah yeah when all of the parts of the neurology work together pain pleasure and all everything in between is an interpreted response it's an interpretation of data that can be interpreted any way you want it to okay. It's just how it works.
