Title: nlP_eBKEf70.txt
Video Id: nlP_eBKEf70
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlP_eBKEf70

What do you got for me brother oh. I dropped an 8 pound weight on my foot about two years ago oh it broke. I didn't do a damn thing about it after can see unconscious. Minds pissed off at you over here.

Nashville all right. What you got. So uh. So what's what's the problem that you're having.

Oh robbing pain wearing a heel roll what healed wrong okay. And is there any reason why you might want to keep this oh hell no. Okay. So okay.

Get rid of it damn right. You focus on the pain right. Now by the way. I told them to focus on the pain you should never do that in pain control work yes.

You should you doubt it a tactic look. You focus on the pain scale of 0 to 10 right. The intensity the feeling about a foreclosure eyes. For me and here's what.

I'd like you to do we're going to use a magic frame just to see what happens if you could imagine that floating in the space around you is a picture that represents that experience just reach out and touch that for me. First impression trace the edges up with both of your hands. So you know how big it is excellent now here's what. I'd like you to do just for fun grab the edges of it and make it bigger coming what happens to the feeling okay.

Put it back to its original size pull it closer to your body tell me what happens to the feeling okay. Put it back to where it was now what. I'd like you to do is. I'd like you to put a big thick black frame around the egg thick black frame excellent now you're probably too young to remember when television that dials and knobs and switches instead of remote controls and touch screens like you young [ __ ] have right.

Likely to feel along the bottom. I want you to notice there's some dials and knobs and switches and. I want you to find one that controls the brightness or the contrast once you turn it that knob all the way to the right. Until you make whites out completely notice how that makes you feel and turns all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel tell me which one you like better.

I turn all the way to the white form now there were probably some lessons connected to this experience that this experience had to teach you. I want you using your index finger of your dominant hand like a stylus on a tablet. I want you to write across that screen and glowing golden letters everything this experience had to teach you. So can keep the lessons and let the rest go and just keep writing the screen will scroll.

So you can write as much or as little as you like when you know it's done just nod your head to let me know now you may notice as you do this that feelings and emotions might come up that's okay. Lessen that's just part of the neurological reset as it comes up that comes out as you feel it you reveal it as you heal it as you really you heal it it's all dissolved and resolved from the body. So. I've dissolved and resolved in mind take all the time you need to get it all out you've gotten good anything that comes up it pops up put it on the screen just keep going excellent got it all excellent rink that.

John besides a postage stamp or even smaller float it up over the top of your head back beyond the horizon you know the sound of nail gun makes. NATO back there for all eternity when you know it's not back there for all eternity try to bring it back and notice what happens instead the a lives erode attend rate the remaining feelings in your foot it's gone excellent open rise notice how good you feel try to bring it back good have a seat big round of applause for the man is it really that easy yeah yeah when all of the parts of the neurology work together pain pleasure and all everything in between is an interpreted response it's an interpretation of data that can be interpreted any way you want it to chain it's just how it works.
