Title: How To Let Go of Fear and Awkwardness To Become Super Confident Pt3.
File Name: NUffG3nh4hk.txt
Video Id: NUffG3nh4hk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUffG3nh4hk

Welcome back to part four fearless confidence now it's time to put everything together at the beginning of our session we talked about the idea of the myth in my world at least in the world according to. David as we like to call it that confidence is really just a myth it's it's it's a never. But. I found clinically is that when people say.

I need more confidence what they're really saying is someone have stopped being afraid. So this particular process we're gonna go into clearing out the things that make you feel worried make you feel afraid make you feel insecure uncertain the things that hold you back the things that cause you to doubt yourself the things that get in the way of your determination. So what. I'd like you to do once again because this is a hypnotic recording.

I'd like you to make sure your phone is turned off make sure you will not be disturbed do not try to do these processes or follow along with this recording while you're operating any kind of heavy machinery or anything are engaged in any activity that involves your full and undivided attention okay. Or like. I said before even your partial attention and we think. I want every part of your neurology every cortex of your brain focused and engaged in what we're about to do.

So go ahead and sit back put your feet flat on the floor if you can't leave your hands and your arms uncrossed close your eyes. For me take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart all. I want you to do is relax let go listen to the sound of my voice now any sounds you hear other than the sound of my voice are simply the sounds of your environment or mine they're not going to disturb you or distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you remind you reinforce within you the idea that you are completely safe that it's okay. To just relax and let go realizing that no.

Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter how deep inside your mind body and soul you go you'll always be able to hear my words follow my instructions obey my commands because you realize that everything. I say and everything. I do just for you to give you the life you want the way you want it by your standards and your definitions now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'd like you to focus all of your attention on the lips of your eyes. And. I'd like you to begin to relax the tiny muscles in your eyelids.

I'd like you to relax the more and more and more until they're. So relaxed. So completely relaxed that you couldn't actually open them without tensing them back up again. So relaxed they just don't want to work and when you know you've got them that relaxed.

So relaxed they just don't want to all. I want you to do if he would give a little test just to be sure and when you're ready stop testing let that level of relaxation flow from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart all. I want you to do is just go now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm gonna ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we've relaxed your body we're gonna do that in a very special way in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm gonna ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter. Z with each and every breath you take and each and every beat of your heart all.

I want you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them if you will to become smaller and darker harder to see turn the volume all the way down down deeper and deeper down down now. I can't do this for you only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're done and you're completely relaxed in mind as you're in body all. I want you to do is just let go even further letting my voice in the words and the tones and the meanings in my voice in my words reach the deepest most powerful most permanent and pervasive level of your neurology psychology mind body and soul now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm gonna begin to ask you to use that amazing imagination of yours once again in an earlier part of our program we talked about a special place a safe place if you would a place that when you were in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you feel what you feel when you smell and you taste what you smell in your taste you feel protected safe all of your needs being met you feel completely in control now some people like. I said before their safe place happened earlier in their life and the interesting thing is some people have never actually have a memory that qualifies as a safe place now if you have one. I just want you to sort back through your memories and just go into that place. However you can also feel completely free to imagine what such a place would be like to be completely surrounded embraced nurtured and nourished by a force a power an environment that completely shields you it protects you safeguards you from any and all less than positive feelings emotions memories events any list a safeguard you from any and all bad stuff.

So whether you sort back through your memories or just go deeply into your imagination either one or both is perfectly okay. And like. I said before many people safe places are interesting somewhere again in places where they grew up places they grew up in childhood. I know when.

I was a kid when. I thought safest places well my favorite places to hide was under my bed when. I was under my bed. I knew.

I was safe no. One could find me no. One could get to me and many times. I would find myself in my closet wrapped it up my blanket from my bed and.

I build this little fort and. I would just pretend to be completely safe like it was my kingdom my domain and that's just me other people safe places are places out in nature a sandy beach a forest. Glen or meadow a mountaintop a cave other people safe places are more spiritual a religious in nature a temple in church a synagogue mosque people who are more metaphysical maybe it's a sacred grove a sacred space somewhere surrounded by your spirit guides or guardian angels or animal tell them. So whatever matter of being fills it populates your particular view of the world in reality other people's are more unique like a nuclear fallout shelter surrounded by lead and concrete five miles below the surface of the earth it's only enough room for you whatever form or flavor or genre your particular safe place takes it's okay.

It's perfect for you and the one thing that all safe places have in common is that when you're in that place when you see what you see and you hear what you hear you feel what you feel when you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's a feeling that you get feeling that lets you know you're completely safe. I want you to notice that color and the feeling in your body or that feeling of safety grows and spreads from notice the color of color is connected to that spot and imagine a beautiful ball of that energy floating right. Above your head radiating all of those sensations all of those feelings now. I want you to notice something.

I want you to pay attention to how the feelings in your body. I get to shift and change as with every breath you take into every beat of your heart that wonderful ball of a safe energy begins to grow begins to expand it begins to fill the entire room you're in from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between fill it wrap itself around you like a blanket a cocoon a shield a suit of armor that surrounds you from all wrongs all harm real or imagined all less than positive believes member experiences anything from the outside world completely screened away shielded him while at the same time and feeds and nourishes your entire inner world your entire inner being - with everything it most wants everything and most needs everything that makes it feel most empowered in an infinite ever-expanding unlimited supply and when you're ready and. I mean really really ready. I want you to breathe those colors through your entire body from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon and when you were completely filled from the top of your head the tips of your toes allow those feelings to double - triple - quadruple notice how that energy seems to take on a life of its own like a magnet being drawn to metal like water soaking into a dry sponge that amazing energy begins to seek out any place in your body where you're harboring any stress any strain any less than positive belief memory or experience ones that you consciously remember the ones you consciously understand.

But most importantly the ones you unconsciously remember the ones you unconsciously understand the secret memories thoughts beliefs experiences that have been stored and coded locked away somewhere in the physical form waiting for that time when guided by the right. Instructions equipped with the right. Techniques and technologies you could go deep inside back inside if you will and tell your neurology what to do with them instead. I want you to take a moment scan your body.

I want you to notice any place in your body where you're harboring any of those sensations any tightness or tension or density and when you find those areas. I want you to breathe you're safe energy through those areas in an ever-expanding infinite unlimited supply let it wash over around and through those areas like water hot water flowing over an ice cube like somebody turned on the tap and just left it running notice other feelings in your body shifting change as that process continues automatically on itself now many people often discover that as these spots begin to dissolve begin to melt away to be flushed and purified and purged and deleted from the system that they feel a sense of expansion of release as if those points of density those points of tightness intention were like anchor points keeping your spirit confined locked in from fully expressing itself in all the right. Ways and many of my clients discover. But as those points melt away their energy begins to expand their consciousness begins to increase almost as if it can float up out of that physical form and up into that wonderful cloud of safe energy like a drop of water merging back into the ocean from which it came many of my clients many of my students report a sense of reunion of reconnection of becoming fully connected and reunited with something much greater much more powerful than themself alone they still retain that powerful sense of who they are as a person.

But that sense of who they are and what they are and what they're capable of expands and grows empowered by that reconnection to that source and many of my students often report that in this place they get the intuition the understanding that anything in this place that they can imagine that anything they can intend that anything they can physically act out with their body must must must become real and true and made manifest in the external world because for two reasons all the experts agree that it's your inner world that controls it informs and influences your outer world and the truth is is that whether you're studying the reports and the information of the most learning and cutting-edge researchers in quantum physics or coronal mechanics or a student of the ancient mysteries someone who reads the books of. Hermes or the magicians or massed mystical masters of the past regardless of the time period in the language its geography the mindset they bring to it the definitions that they use they all seem to agree on one thing and that's this that it's your inner world that controls and manifests and manages the external world and while it's not always possible to anticipate or prepare for every single variable that we can encounter in the outer world inside your mind you whether god or goddess of your universe you are the queen of your neurology the king of your neurology and you have absolutely every right. Privilege permission and authority to make any change you want for any reason that you want and to have those changes reflected and expressed in the outer world. So in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I want to talk about why you're here today you see there's some feelings that you've been having some feelings you'd like to change and those feelings come in two categories the confidence that you seek and more importantly the feelings that keep you from feeling those feelings of confidence the feelings that cause you to feel less than confident uncertain insecure. I'd like you to scan your body. I'd like you to notice where in your body the feelings that cause you to experience those lacks of confidence.

So those doubts or those insecurities those worries was an anxiety. I want you to notice where in your body those feelings are stored. I want you to take a moment if you would just go ahead and point to them for me what do you know you got that. I want you to use your inner eyes.

I want you to notice that there's a color or maybe a series of colors connected to that feeling what might those colors. Dee. First impression. I want you to take your hands.

I want you to trace the outline of that colored energy in your body. So you know what shape it takes pay attention to snap we'll wait what shape does have to have any texture or temperature is it in your body out of your body for part in part out whatever it is it's okay. Because what. I'd like you to do.

Next it's like it use your mind's eye once again and. I'd like you to travel into the center of that space when you find the center take all the time you need to in the. Next few seconds to journey deep into that shape in your body when you find that. Center take a deep breath in pull in your safe energy into the center of that area notice what happens and.

Then. I want you to follow. I want you to pass through that. Center like a thread passing through the eye of a needle.

I want you to follow that thread all the way back in time back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause that colored shape that's located somewhere in your body when you get there trust your. First impressions and what. I'd like you to do is answer a series of questions for me and just trust your.

First impressions sometimes those answers pop right. Up sometimes there's a little bit of a lag it's okay. I'm gonna ask you a series of questions. First and foremost are you inside are you outside are you alone or are you with people is it daytime or is it nighttime and.

Then. I'd like you to look. At your hands. I should look.

At your hands in that scene are they big person hands or little person hands once you do that. Next question are you wearing shoes are you barefoot when you know that look. Around you in that scene take an inventory of what's actually going on make a report on what's happening and. I want you to do something very very specific.

I want you to move forward along those sequences of events until the feeling you've come to change. First manifests and you'll usually preface it you'll usually notate it with a sense of. I feel. X maybe as.

I feel afraid. I feel worried. I feel insecure if. I have doubt whatever it is just more forward along that sequence of events till you find that feeling moment when you know you've got that [Music] the.

Next thing. I want you to do we can't take all the time you need. I know for some of you. I'm going really fast for some of you.

I'm going really really slow take all the time you need to do this to the best of your ability trusting your unconscious knowing that just hearing the words is already creating the effect because the way your neurology is designed is that. First it must understand and record before you can begin to proceed. So just allow your unconscious mind to do that for you realizing that just hearing the words means it's already happened at some level of your neurology. But because we're engaging every level well we get more effect we get more results.

So as you find that moment where you have that all. I feel. X. I feel afraid or.

I feel unconfident. I feel insecure whatever the words are look. Back on it as the you of today. But you was sitting in this room learning something powerful about how your nervous system mind body and soul creates and records and stores information remembering that inside your mind you are the god or goddess of your neurology the god or goddess of your universe remembering that your all-powerful you have every right.

Privilege and authority to change anything you want for any reason that you want as you look. Back on that whole moment if you could step back if everything were allowed what would you like to see happen instead. I had one mill lady came to me for weight loss when she went back there and she dealt with those fears and those insecurities all she wanted was ice cream and hugs literally that's all she made her happy. So we gave her a special kind ice cream she can eat as much as she wanted for as long as she wanted never lose a tooth never get fat never get sick and all the hugs she could handle once slightly older gentleman when it was his turn all he wanted was consecutive dates with the.

Dallas. Cowboy. Cheerleaders doesn't matter it's all allowed whenever it gives you the best feeling ever whatever you want instead it's all allowed it's all okay. So when you ready.

I want you to step back as the. U of today through that wormhole of time and space to before that one event ever had a chance to happen. I want you to take that younger version of yourself hold them in your arms say hey buddy. I'm you from the future and where.

I come from the technology exists to come back from the future that changed the past and that's exactly what we're gonna do the. First thing. I want you to do is. I want you to tell them the scene you would have experienced to get to the event you would have gone through is done it's over it's never coming back and.

I want you to breathe your safe energy all the way through him or her and notice what happens as you notice what happens taking her out of that timeline forever that reality forever bring them up into your safe place breathe your safe energy through them again. I don't want like you to do if you could imagine all the stuff all the bad feelings memories situations circumstances or events that. Lee's been carrying around that she's been carrying around for all that time for all those years good or bad real or imagined things that were pushed on you projected onto you programmed into you in any way shape or form any less than positive feeling memory experience if you could imagine all of that be pleasurably joyfully permanently and clearly purified purged expunged and deleted from her or him completely you could imagine all being taken out of them and put in a big pile way way off in the distance a safe distance. I'm curious about something how big would that pile have to be to hold it all and when you notice how big that pile would have to be to hold at all.

I want you to pay attention to something else. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body begin to shift and change as your other than conscious mind begins the process of removing all of that stuff all of those bad feelings memories experiences right. Or wrong real or imagined and moving them off into that pile way way way off in the distance take all the time you need there's no. Need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to fully complete itself when you know it's done relaxing no.

Deeper deeper deeper still now as soon as you know that all that stuff is in the pile once again some people process and move that stuff fast or really fast some people move it slower take your time allow the process to take place and what. I'd like you to do just become aware of the. Next phase of that operation you see in the world according to data. I have this special forces unit.

I call the karma police now your karma police are maybe a little bit different than mine. I've always kind of imagined them as soldiers with angel wings. But whatever form that takes for you perfectly fine. But.

I want you to notice something as soon as all that stuff that that younger version of yourself has been carrying around is in that pile the karma police show up they begin sorting through that pile they begin to categorize and itemize and sort tracking if you will all of the people who created that stuff and right. Like a police lineup right. Next to that pile all those people show up all the people who created the stuff that was in that pile in the. First place and.

I want you to sit there in your safe space and bear witness as the karma police sort through that pile one by one one unit of stuff at a time maybe getting delivering back to those people the stuff they created in the most chemically appropriate way possible imaginable in the way that gives you the greatest sense of justice of inner peace of all wrongs being made right. For all the right. Reasons notice how the feelings in your body shift and change there's no. Need to manage this or measure it or make it happen faster your job is simply to bear witness to that process happening and let it complete itself.

But the common police do their job when you know it's done and take as long as you need for that process to take place. But you know it's done. But back at the remainder that pile and as you look. Back at the remainder of that pile.

I'm curious about something how much of that stuff that's actually left if any was yours as most people find out that there's nothing there there's nothing left for them and. Therefore nothing of theirs some people find that there's a little bit left that is uniquely theirs if there is some that's uniquely yours what do you want to do with it do you want to burn it shoveling it into the most powerful incinerator on the planet do you want to compost it send it to the bottom of the ocean send it off into the. Sun what gives you the greatest sense of release of closure take a few moments and do that and when you know it's completely done test it trying to bring it back and notice what happens instead what do you know you've got that look. Back at that younger version of yourself in your safe place notice how do you feel now that's right.

Now what. I'd like you to do is. I'd like you to speaking as the spokesperson of all of you. I'd like you to walk up to that younger version of yourself look.

Them in the eye and ask them point-blank what do you want instead if you could go back and rewrite that whole sequence of your life what would make you the happiest camper on the planet right. Now what would give you the greatest sense of relentless determination combined with the expectation of a positive outcome what would give you that greatest sense of certainty and confidence of jelmo have pleasure of adventure what do you want instead and. Then what. I want you to do when you're ready homie when you're ready.

I want you to make an alternate reality movie. I call this your. Steven. Spielberg moment.

I want you to make a movie of exactly what you want instead. I want you to make it as big as a drive-in movie theater screen crystal clear like an. IMAX hi. Rena high def three-dimensional.

I want you to turn up the sounds. I want you to turn up the smells and the tastes and the feelings best alternate reality movie ever when you know it's perfect crystal clear and every way and only when you know it's perfect. I want you to take that younger version of yourself. I want you to watch that new alternate reality movie over and over and over again not once not twice.

But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times stronger ten times more powerful a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than anything you've ever experienced until it overwrites and replaces every experience you've ever had and. Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger still. I want you to notice something as you continue to watch that amazing new reality that there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow and they spread from.

I want you to notice where they didn't want you go ahead and point to that for me. I want you to notice something else that there's a color or maybe a series of colors connected to that feeling what's that color or colors. First impression and. I want you to notice how with each repetition of that new alternate reality movie those feelings grow stronger they begin to double in size and strength dull in force in magnitude and they keep getting stronger and stronger and stronger until it takes on a life of its own expanding and spreading to fill your entire body from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between and.

Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger until it becomes. So strong. So powerful. So unstoppable that your body can no.

Longer contain that infinite ever-expanding unlimited energy begins to stream out of your body forming a brilliant colored frame around that new alternate reality that you have created and when you are ready. I want you to reach out with both of your hands grab that frame and the reality inside of it lift it up over your head expand it to fill the entire universe and. Then over and over and over again pull it down through your entire being head to toe over and over and over and over again and notice what happens that colored shape that was locked inside or outside of your body and just keep going breathe those colors through that area and notice what happens take all the time you need in the. Next few moments to complete that process and keep going until it's completely done.

I'm gonna give you about 60 seconds or. So on the timer for you to go through that process. But take your time this is your moment this is your time breathe those frequencies and those feelings and those colors through every nook. And cranny of your body make sure that old thing is completely dissolved away and keep going until you know it's completely done take all the time you need to do that no.

No. Moment not here. But in just a moment. I want you to test it try to bring the old feeling back and notice what happens instead [Music] each night while you sleep and while you dream your other than conscious mind will apply all the techniques and learnings of our session together and apply them to every part of your neurology psychology biology mind body and soul every memory that can benefit from these processes each morning upon awakening you'll see the world through new eyes.

Experiencing a body alive with confidence free of fear anxiety doubt any less than positive experience and for as long as your heart continues to beat in your lungs continue to breathe each night this process just grow stronger more powerful more pervasive at every level of your neurology psychology mind body and soul now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from one to five when. I reached the number five you will emerge from this process bringing all of these revelations transformations education and modifications with you like a moth or butterfly emerging from a cocoon one phase of your life one phase of your metamorphosis or transformation completed a new phase the.

Next phase the best phase just beginning ready to spread your wings take to the air and soar amongst the clouds seeing the world experiencing reality for a much higher more empowered perspective where you realize now the tremendous power that lies inside of you waiting to express itself in all the ways that give you the life you want the way you want it number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality way you're the one who's learned and experienced something powerful a reality where you're the one who's discovered the master keys for true personal power confidence courage charisma and relentless determination that allows you to move through the world unstoppable in every situation context or environment you find yourself in able to adapt and modify and overcome to be the person you want and have the life you want number two all of my suggestions for meeting you from you to your own other than conscious mind are now ten times more powerful ten times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced locked in to that part of your neurology psychology mind body and soul that most wants desires can implement facilitate perceive believe and achieve all of these changes and. Men investment in exactly the way that gives you the life you want the way you want it by your standards and your definitions number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that they face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve in your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly to automatically generate those solutions and implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you you've made the investment you've done the work you followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've tested the results you've earned the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you live it to the fullest unstoppable starting now on the. Next count you can merge from this process only at the rate and speed that you know understand recognize and realize you've got it only up the rate and speed that every low of your neurology psychology mind body and soul precedes the leaves achieves manifesting all of these changes in all the ways that give you the life you want the way you want it by your standards and your definitions head clear mind clear unstoppable thinking and acting with calm self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel.
