Title: Weapons Of Seduction - Defense Against The Dark Arts of Manipulation and Secrets of Ethical Influ…
File Name: nW-REB1xQwc.txt
Video Id: nW-REB1xQwc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nW-REB1xQwc

Hello hello hello my friends this is. Dr. David. Snider checking in from uh beautiful oala.

Florida and uh we'll be starting our uh defense against the dark arts webinar shortly it's about uh 3:39 p.m. Pacific time you can hear the dogs barking in the background. So you're going to have a lots of interesting accompaniment going on let's see here developments under and. I'm ready to learn okay.

Developments underway and. I'm ready to learn pants and sets good pants on the ground um. So real hey there's stepen. Wright.

Checking in from. Manchester. England special shout out to um our brothers and sisters out in. YouTube land you know um like.

I said we're uh we're trying to travel and keep the the show going. So to speak uh there is a little bit of a delay for those of you who are just joining us for the. First time uh we are streaming through. Zoom through a platform called restream and we will be uh hitting like bunch of.

Facebook. Channels and things like that. But if you want the closest interaction with me you can always grab our. Zoom link on our.

YouTube channel or in our. Facebook. Groups and uh and join us live in the zoom chat room couple of things that. I want to go over and it's kind of my tradition um when.

I do these webinars is that to let people know that everything about what we are going to be sharing with you over the. Next two or three hours and yes. It's going to be two or three hours our webinars tend to go a bit long uh especially when there's a lot that. I want to share uh.

But there are some things. I want you to to be aware of. So that you can get the most out of tonight's webinar. First and foremost you want to make sure sure that um you come in with an open mind and uh a.

Readiness to have fun to roll up your sleeves and do the drills and be as as participatory in the drills that we do tonight as possible because the more you participate in the drills the more of a profound effect you're going to experience as a byproduct of a training and. So that's the. First thing. So um you're you're no.

One's going to watch you you know lock your doors close your windows. But do the drills and really have the experiences that we want you to have. Second you want to be able to make sure that you have things to write on and to write with uh because. I'm gonna be once the once the webinar starts hold on one.

Second please sorry about that folks never let anyone in a busy household know you'd like it to be quiet because it's like it's like uh dropping a a little drop of blood in a piranha cage in a piranha tank. Anyway that being said. So you want to have things to write on and write with you want to make sure that you have um oxytocin stimulating substances or dopamine stimulating substances uh to keep your brain active through the entire three hours um the best about what we're going to be sharing with you tonight is you don't need to believe any of it tonight is all about real world proven actionable things things you can take out into the world and just start putting to work now if. I seem a little bit subdued it's primarily because.

I'm not at my home workstation where. I usually get to stand up and jump around and get my energy flying. So if. I seem a little bit subdued it's just because.

I'm using my road crew. I want to do a quick shout out to um to. Moss and. Mia and.

Brandon's online and my my background my background team they'll be uh taking care of you tonight um couple of things you're going to have questions. First and foremost um there's three ways to get your questions answered. I love questions. But we want to stay on target.

So the. First thing. I want to be uh very clear is if you have a question post it in the chat if you're coming to us through. YouTube um there's about a one to two minute delay one minute 30 seconds give or take uh between what.

I speak uh it comes through. Zoom versus when it shows up on your feet now your chat is in real time which is kind of interesting. So if you type it in the chat there's a there's a better chance that. I'll be able to respond to it in a timely manner.

But there's going to be a lot of people on tonight and. I got two chats running at the same time. So there's a high probability that. I still might miss your question and if that's the case keep asking it right.

So for those of you who are new if for some reason. I'm not answering your question there's two possible reasons uh a. I didn't see see it or uh. B uh the question you're asking runs the risk of taking us in a direction that is not the focus of tonight's webinar and.

So if that's the case. I invite any of my uh my. Planet. David veterans people been around three four five six months up to 10 12 years there's been a lot of people been around.

Planet. David for a while using these skills and really making powerful changes. I invite you guys to answer their questions uh the. Third way to get your questions answered and it's probably one of the most efficent ways uh is at the end of this webinar there will be a replay and.

So if you type your question in the comment section directly below the replay of this webinar. I make it a practice to go through all of the comments on my. YouTube channel two or three times a day and. I delete the trolls and the porn the porn links and uh.

I answer all the questions put to me uh to the best of my knowledge and ability um. So if you really really want to answer from me that's actually one of the most consistent ways to get your questions answered okay. So we're going to jump on in about 15 minutes uh there will be an offer connected to tonight's webinar and it's a really good one uh if you were on. Last webinar we did a couple weeks ago where uh we did um.

I think it was reprogram the subconscious mind. I gave an amazingly good um webinar package included a three-day virtual healing intensive that was our. Christmas uh extra bonus a lot of people been ringing the ringing the phones off the hook. Trying to get in on that um.

But you might to want to stay on till tonight's webinar to the end of tonight's webinar to make sure that you don't miss out on a single opportunity that comes your way that being said our webinars are cons are traditionally divided into three phases it's what. I call a free form webinar phase one of the webinar is the foundations phase and this is usually takes about 50 to uh 75 minutes and what we do is we lay foundations and give you principles and techniques uh that you can take out into the world and start putting together to make change right. Away to protect yourself from the bad guys to ethically influence other people to believe what you say do what you want find you irresistibly attractive be loyal to you all the good things that we want from our ability to influence with none of the bad things um phase two of our webinar is what we call the opportunities phase this is where we're going to show you how to take the foundations and the techniques that you're getting kind of a sample platter of and show you how to get the whole. Buffet right.

That phase two that lasts about 35 to 40 minutes depending on the questions that we get phase three of the webinar is one of the most fun parts of the webinar which is one of the reasons we save it for. Last and that's what we call the implications phase applications phase is where we literally take the content of tonight's webinar and we customize it to exactly what you as a group want to know most about do you want to know about resistance removal do you want to know about how to detect lies do you want to know about uh how to flag and profile narcissists or sociopaths or macalan do you want to learn how to make people say yes. To you even when they don't want to uh in an ethical and honest way do you want to generate attraction in people um do you want to learn about hypnotic language patterns you want to learn how to change beliefs in in seconds this is where we can start to really dip into the systems that have made the the killer influence and uh what vents against the. Dark.

Art system. So fous and. So powerful uh and really kind of give you a sample platter of what that's what what that's like based on what you guys most want to know about. So phase three is always a lot of fun.

But it builds on what we get in. Phase. One. So you're going to want to stay on through the entire uh course of the webinar and yes.

There there is a an offer and now a lot of this. I will probably repeat um when. I actually turn the cameras on um. But um just.

So. I just want to this is what. I call my pregame warm-up historically. I like to get on you know 30 to you know 30 to 20 minutes before the actual.

Go. Button uh to kind of let people know hey. I'm here. I'm listening.

I'm looking at you in the chat and. So let's see. John is asking. I'm curious to know what you think of.

Alan. Watts work. I. Gotta.

Be. Honest. John. I am not very very familiar with.

Alan. Watts's work you would be amazed at you know um how how much people tell me. I'm like. Neville.

Goddard or. I'm. I'm. I'm like alen.

Watts or some of the other uh rather famous people in the personal development field um. But. I haven't really studied a lot of their work. So all.

I can say is truth is truth regardless of the source you know and. So things resonate with you great um. But because. I'm.

I'm reading this and focusing on sound will allow you to get into a. Meda. State very very quickly because it causes entrainment uh and entrainment is kind of like the secret to the universe okay. Um um.

I like sound work a lot uh both in terms of listening. But also in terms of projecting sound. Fact one of my one of the secret trainings that. I've been given access to is.

Advanced sound projection um and energy work which. I think is really cool especially because. I'm a martial artist and uh there's this there's always these hints that you could do um interesting. Dragon.

Ball. C things with sound and and. I you know you'd heard the. Legends and you'd hear stories.

But you never get a chance to experience any of it and. Then uh recently in the past 2 three years um. I've gotten deeper levels of access. I've had.

I got access to some of these more advanced secrets on sound um probably 20 some years ago 30 years ago um. But. I only had certain certain number of drills that. I was given access to and.

So. I work with those. But now. I've got a whole lot more that.

I'm using in my my healing. Fields. So it's kind of fun. So don't see you said the magic word sound that was it.

Cory's hang wholeness and balance vibrations to you my brother. David thank you pants on the ground is saying a great wizard who taught defenses against the. Dark. Art one said.

I can teach you how to snare the senses bewitch the mind and even put a stopper on death. I. Ponder what the. Last claim meant well if you believe in suspended animation um if you believe in [Music] um the.

Fountain of. Youth the philosopher stone those kinds of things um those are very alchemical things for. Mr. Snape to say.

Anyway uh let's see here all right. So listen it's uh uh 350 by my clock we got about 10 minutes um be prepared to hear a lot of this stuff again when. I actually turn the camera on and we start playing around a little bit. But in the meantime for those of you who are on.

YouTube those of joining through uh through. Zoom if you want to go ahead if you're a. First timer type your name where you're checking in from and what you most want to take away uh as a byproduct of tonight's training what is it as a byproduct of tonight's training that um you most want to learn if there if you spent if if you got nothing else. But this one or two things from tonight's training what would it be what would it be for you right.

Hold on a. Second. Moss you're you need to mute yourself okay. All right.

Guys that's it. I will see you very very shortly love you take care hello hello hello everyone welcome to weapons of social seduction defense against the dark arts of manipulation and secrets of ethical influence for the. Next two and a half three hours. I'm going to be your host with the most.

Dr. David. Snider checking in with you. So just uh just.

So. I have a basic understanding of what's going on if you're brand new please uh type your name where you're checking in from and what you want to take away from tonight if you've been if you're brand new to. Planet. David please type uh.

First time in the uh in the chat and. Then uh if you've been around for a while just type in how where you checking in from your name and how long you've been a uh a student of. Planet. David and we're going to go ahead and get right.

Into some really cool stuff to tonight. So um while you're doing that. First of all let me say nothing tonight's webinar is a focus on how do you use you know the scope of influence both on the the dark side and the light side. So to speak and um sorry for moment.

I just had just brain fart um. So. First and foremost you're gonna have questions and. I.

I. I love questions the problem with questions of course is that uh every now and. Then the question tends to threaten to take us off into a different direction. So if you have questions tonight.

Then once again type them in the chat if they're relevant to the point where we are in the webinar. Then we will um we will go ahead and answer it right. Then and there if the question is going to take us off down a rabbit hole that moves us away from the core content of tonight's webinar. Then.

I will um offer to defer answering that question until a. Later time for those of you who are veterans in plant. David if you have an answer for that person. U because of direct experience experience.

Then by all means um please feel free to answer that as long as it doesn't take their attention too far away from the webinar best way to go about it after the qu with as far as questions go is uh at the end of this webinar there will be a replay obviously and um in the comment section below this webinar you can absolutely type your question in and we will get. I. I make it a practice to. CH to answer the to go through the the webinar chat every every.

C two or three times a day and answer the questions as they come up that being said are you in the right. Place tonight well. First and foremost by a show of hands um let me ask you a question how many of you would like to become more super attractive to members of the opposite sex anybody here feel like you'd like to have a little bit more oomph when it comes to that okay. Cool how about banishing fear and insecurity from your world would you like to have a little bit more opportunities in that respect excellent how about to obviously protect yourself from the manipulators of the world and easily handle more difficult people would that be something that might be of use to you maybe right.

Um program yourself to create more or to pull in. More. Money. More.

Natural. Abundance things of that nature um have people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want them to if. I if you see me looking off to the side it's because. I'm it's the.

First day with my three monitors set up and. So. I'm trying to. I'm trying to balance everything out.

So uh. I beg your. Indulgence on that okay. So um cool excellent.

So all in the right. Place it seems. So um is there anything. I didn't mention that you'd like to take away from tonight's webinar right.

That. I didn't mention in my little list. So. I got lots of things here okay.

Good because there's a lot more you can do with the things. I'm going to share with you tonight. But. First and foremost um let's talk about uh outcomes tonight my goal is to give you as much as.

I can in the time that we have you know because if this is the scope of everything there is to learn we have time for this. So. I'm going to take you as far down the influence and persuasion. Rabbit.

Hole as. I can. I'm going to give you as much. Foundation as much actionable material as it's possible to give in the time that we have and.

I'm going to point you in the direction of where to go to level it up to take the. Next step is that something that you guys might be interested in does that sound like a fair trade yes. Or yes. If you like it type that in the chat okay.

Excellent excellent now. I'll be up front with you. I. I'm a teacher who doesn't like.

PowerPoints uh and who thrives on feedback. I really am and. So um. I'm going to minimize.

PowerPoint work as much as possible there will be times when we have to do that. So. First and foremost um let me give you the the the really quick introduction to myself how many of you uh just by show of hands really quick is this your. First time with me.

So. I got. I got six seven8 nine okay. The numbers climbing quickly all right.

So let me give you a quick background of as. I like to call it uh who is. Dr. David.

Snider and why should. I care. First and foremost. I am an actual doctor this is a copy of my diploma from.

Pacific. College of. Orono. Medicine.

I've been a licensed acupuncturist since 2005. I've have maintained a practice uh in salana. Beach. California where uh my specialty was treating physiological illness caused by repressed emotion.

So while a lot of hypnotists and a lot of neur linguistic programmers um would treat things like social phobia and fear of flying and things of that nature um my practice almost from the time. I opened my doors was almost purely medical referals and it was almost always started it started with chronic and intractable pain and. Then it it it it evolved into terminal and chronic illness. So illnesses that have as its root deeply repressed emotion and that was where.

I. I really uh spent most of my time in my 15 to 17 years and. I gain tremendous insights into human beings as a byproduct of that process. But also just.

So you know uh. I've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from how to persuade people um and um you know in from sales and marketing to attraction and dating uh to health and wellness uh in 2020. I was named the number one. NLP trainer of the.

Year by global gurus. org that's what you see off to your off in front of you here. But perhaps the thing. I'm. I'm most proud of is the fact and and that goes directly to some of the content that we'll be sharing with you uh in tonight's webinar and that is this the uh in 2021 or 2020 this is from 2022.

But uh we've been getting these since 2020 in 2020 the killer influence seminar uh program which is where the the uh techniqu you'll be learning are drawn from tonight was named the number one. NLP training program in the best training program in the world by global gurus. both defense against the dark arts and the original killer influence program have had that have that much laed uh ranking we've been the best program for almost four years now. I'm hoping it'll make. I'm hoping to make another one.

But we'll see. But. I wanted to share that with you as you can see here this is uh this is the exact training you're going to be getting tonight it's number one program in the world of its kind okay. Uh.

I've also have uh a long and and distinguished career in the martial arts. I was a professional martial artist for many many years and uh. I have a 10th. Dee black belt in okan kmo karate.

I have certified instructor in combat. Systema and as you can see. I've got more raiki energy healing credentials than. McDonald sells hamburgers.

So. I've been doing this a long time. So when you look. At all this it's very easy to say okay.

So. David this is a course on persuasion and influence. I get what what some of this is relevant. But what about the other stuff why are you showing me these things well it's because of what all these things have in common and that's pattern recognition you see everything that human beings do has a structure everything that human beings do has a process to it and if you have the eyes.

To see and the ears to hear you can learn how to not only identify those patterns and those processes. But you can predict them and because you understand how to how to perceive structure and process you can also interrupt them and redirect them and that gives you an unprecedented ability to not only predict and understand human behavior. But to influence it as well. So when you ask what does all this have to do with human influence pretty much everything okay.

That being said we just went through this little checklist. So here's my personal promise to you guys tonight uh if you stick with me until the end right. This is what. I can promise among the other things that.

I'll share with you this is what. I can promise you okay. My personal promise to you is. I'm going to tell you the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone to like love trust and.

Obey you in in just a few minutes. I want to show you how to have people hanging on your every how to have people literally in many cases salivating metaphorically sometimes literally to do what you want them to do how to control your emotions and remove resistance to your influence and the exact steps that you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation and minimum time does this sound like a a a good agenda for tonight type in the in the chat if you're interested in in learning some of these things cool all right. Gustavo is with me excellent. So if you stay until the end some of the things some of the things you'll be learning.

I have a lot more planned for you than just this. But some of the things you'll be learning. I'm going to show you the secret back door into the human nervous system for. Unstoppable influence and maximum attention focus and connection.

I want to teach you about and you will experience firsthand the secrets of emotional bonding the hidden secret behind how to get any human being to do what you want uh four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence how human influence really works and how to master it and protect yourself from it um and how to remove in resistance to your influence a little known formula for getting people to want to do what they just told you they did not want to do and. Finally uh the master keys to taking control of your life. So that nobody else can do it for you because believe me if you're not willing to take control there's lots of highly paid well-trained agencies willing to go out there and run your life for you. So that being said this is the system within the system okay.

This is the cpon killer influence. Universal persuasion protocol. So what this is is has six seven basic steps if you count the know your outcome part. So it starts with knowing your outcome knowing what it is you want to achieve.

First and foremost from there you learn how to control your state you gain neurological entrainment with a person's system you use your language skills that you have available you use these three to manage their state you jump into their process and you link it to their values and their criteria now we call this this phase six process the linking to the. Criterion values we call this the emotional bonding check or the secrets of emotional bonding. So obviously let me jump out of the the. PowerPoint really quick here.

So once again there's a you know this is a just this. Universal training here is a training of and by itself. So obviously um if this is the scope of everything there is we got time for this. So what.

I'm going to share with you tonight uh are parts of the complete system nuclear. Parts they're all nuclear. But really these are the things that you can just pull out of this system apply them in your life right. Away and start seeing verifiable quantifiable um results right.

The best part about it is you don't even have to believe this stuff will work okay. All you have to do is just do the drills and you'll you'll see the response okay. So that being said uh let me oops that didn't go where. I wanted it to go all right.

So let's get into this okay. Um. First and most let's talk about controlling your state when we talk about controlling your state remember how how many of you by a show of hands would like to be up to 30% better at everything just go ahead and type that in the chat how many of you would like to be up to 30% better at everything cool cool all right. So this is phase one.

So remember in. Phase. One we're going to lay foundations we're going to give you experiences we're going to teach you principles that you need to know phase two we're going to show you how to get the access to the entire system phase three we're going to come back and we're going to build on the exact things you want to learn most about. So the.

First thing to understand is you got to know what you want and. Then you've got to control your state. So when we talk about uh knowing your outcome let me let me elaborate a little bit on this step for you when we talk about knowing your outcome uh if you were studying. NLP or ericon hypnosis or some of the other derivatives they would have this very long drawn out process it's called keys to an achievable outcome and it's actually a pretty good pretty good way to uh.

Define outcomes that are probability of being achieved. But for most of us most of us don't have um an extensive background in neural. Linguistics or anything like that. So the best way for us to really move forward is to say that know what you want and know have a have a way to measure it have a way to know if you're moving towards the thing you want or moving away from the thing you want if that makes any kind of sense okay.

So um and if it's something that's quantifiable great when. I when. I wrote my original my. First program that.

I wrote back in um 2005 was called secret orgasm tips there was a chapter in there which was basically titled how to make any system of attraction or dating actually work and it basically was summed up in two words pay attention now what did that actually mean it what it meant was have the ability to pay attention to the signals and the cues that you're getting from the people you're seeking to influence. So that you can calibrate if you're moving toward your goal or away from it toward your goal or away from okay. So that's what knowing your outcome is about your outcome will determine everything else you know in in martial arts and in uh like in tactical training one of the things that they'll tell you is that your target determines your tool. I'm sorry your range determines your.

Target and your target determines your tool. So there's this this um sequence of things that we have to look. For one of the things that we when we start exploring influences we have to look. At three basic variables who are you in that interaction and what are your values what are your beliefs what are your things you're willing to do what are the things you're not willing to do um what is who what is the.

Val values and the behaviors of the target what do they want what are the things that that um are important to those people and how can you link what they want to what you want okay. Um. Next we have to. Define okay.

How do we make this person become the person. I need them to be. So they'll they'll do what. I want right.

And that's by call. State. Control now. State.

Control in our world is the ability to enter or exit any psychoemotional state at will on demand at the drop of a hat and there's two ways that you control your. State you can do it through your physiology which we call physiological. State. Control obviously and you have what we call volitional or cognitive.

State. Control volitional cognitive. State control is how we use our mind now in most most people are taught and you're probably in that crowd most people are taught that our mind controls our body right. And we use our willpower to exert our emotional control.

But that's only true functionally if you have special training in other words if you're a high level athlete um a soldier you know like a special forces. Soldier a high level meditator. Yogi. Buddhist monk things of that nature when you have those kinds of trainings you can exert a much greater degree of control over your body by using your mind for most untrained people the inverse is actually more true it's more functionally useful in that your physiology what you do with your body what you do with your breathing will have a greater impact on your psychology okay.

So you guys with me. So far yes. Or yes. Cool all right.

So remember. I said knowing your outcome you got to know who you are and what you want you got to know as much about your subject the person you want to influence as humanly possible what do they want what are their emotional need what are their emotional desires how do you be get that person to become the person you need them to be. So here's your. First principle here's your.

First principle everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. Feeling they want a whole more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. Most people if you how many people have ever heard the expression um all learning is. State dependent have you heard that before okay.

Well all decisions are. State dependent. So when you want somebody to change their mind the hardest way to do it is by using logic or using. R rhetorical argument okay.

If you want to change a person's. State on a consistent behavioral level the fastest way to do or change their decision. I should say the fastest way to do that is to change their emotional state right. Now all emotional states have at their core a body feeling.

So let me give you the. Next principle and that's this all emotions are feelings. But not all feelings are emotions let me read let me repeat that all emotions are feelings. But not all feelings are emotions does that make sense.

So for example hunger. Hunger is not an emotion hunger is a primal urge it's a drive it creates a body. Sensation that are our neurology and our our lyic system. Then attaches a meaning to and.

Then that meaning connects to certain memories you know all of a sudden being hungry means you're angry or in impatient or whatever. So all emotions have a feeling component to them. But it's the meanings that our neurology assigns to those body feelings that determines what name we give it and the behaviors and the perceptual filters that our our brain brings to bear on a situation as a result of that okay. So that was a big chunk of information right.

There. So right. Now type in the chat what questions you have about what. I just said if any any questions on what.

I said you're very clear okay. Okay. So when. I say that everything human beings do is in response to a.

Feeling a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want less of this is this is what you can begin to really understand human beings inherently from their fundamental reptile brain move. First things that give them pleasure and away from the things that bring them pain your job in terms of ethical influence is to find out most clearly what people want and help them see a way way to get it unethical influence many times is focusing on what makes people want to run away or what they want to avoid right. So we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're going to play a little bit in the sandbox of emotions because this is where the most power lies it's not in rhetorical uh argumentation it's not in not necessarily even in hypnotic language patterns as a lot of you might believe uh although they are extraordinar powerful. But when they're.

But when they're leveraged within um a certain cycle emotional state those patterns have even more power. So everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of. So the. First thing.

I want us to do tonight is. I want us to have an experience of that. I want us to be able to understand the power that our emotions have and how to begin to develop the ability to enter and exit any emotional state on demand at will okay. So let's start with this how many of you by show of.

PS can feel good for no. Fraking reason okay. Good. So here's how would you like how many of you by show of hands would like to be up to 30% better at everything would that be helpful okay.

Excellent. So here's what we're. GNA do okay. I want if you're again this.

Next exercise what. I want you guys to do now is. I want you to uh remember if you're driving don't do this because this involves eyes. Closed it's going to be involve a little bit of trans work.

But one of the things. I want us to do is. I want us to have uh an experience of what we call physiological. State.

Control physiological. State. Control allows us to interrupt any any emotional pattern that we have. So that we can enter into something.

El else. So um one of the things that. I want you to embody. As you move through the world and you start exerting more and more influence is something called the playfulness attitude or the energy of being playful and casual and uh and things of that nature.

So one of the things that the. FBI discovered um many many years ago was that when the hostage negotiator would enter into the interaction with the bad guys the hostage takers and he approached that interaction with a fun playful easygoing uh let's see what happens energy he was up to 30% more aware 30% more persuasive 30% uh more. Adept and and uh able to improvise very very quickly basically he was pretty much up to 30% better 31% better at everything even more importantly perhaps is that the the bad guy his counterpart the hostage taker was up to 31% more compliant okay. Let me let repeat that 31% more compliant now think about your hit rate in your life right.

Now think about how often you hear yes. How often you hear no. What's the percentage right. What if you could up that yes.

Rate by another 30% what would how could that change your life if you could do that okay. This is 80% right. Think about what would happen if you heard 80% more of the or you know up to 80% of the time would that change how you move through the world right. This is the secret that the.

FBI discovered if you just move through the world in a playful relaxed easygoing casual let's see what happens state that tends to happen automatically. So. I'm going to give you a very you know in our in our. CPI trainings and our killer influence trainers we devote a whole day to this this level of work like really really getting good at this obviously we have you know less than three hours to teach you some cool stuff.

So here's what we're going to do we're going to actually start to to learn how to control our physiology together we're going to go in and out of some very powerful emotional states and if you understand the mechanics of what. I'm sharing with you you'll be able to do this anytime anywhere if you practice right. And if you do this before you do affirmation work if you do this before you make an approach if you do this before a job interview if you do this before you get on the phone with somebody you're going to find that you're going to be much much more empowered when you were them. I'll give you a quick example.

I have one of my students. David he's comes he's uh he's one of our paid members here on the. Platinum. Channel he he's come to a few events.

But largely he's he's mostly a virtual student and one day he was out um he he was talking to this attractive woman and he would practice ing his physiological. State control and he started to feel his frame slipping like he was starting to go back into that kind of closed in shy introverted person that he's he's normally used to being. But he had the awareness to say wait a minute shift my state. So what he would do is every time he found himself starting to shift into this he would pop his physiology back he would give himself a little space and before you know it he was he had this wiy fast parte going and every time his body tried to go back into that habitual posture he would intentionally break it and go back to the the empowered posture and he had the most amazing time he collected phone numbers uh and he had some amazing experiences and he he directly credits what you're about to learn to his ability to do that you see in.

Persuasion and influence you don't need a lot of information you just need information that's proven and well applied and the willingness to use it. So for this drill what we're going to do we're going to do two one's called the frame game the other is called uh what we call. Gross phys uh gross physiology right. This is a physiological control drill.

So the. First thing. I want us to do is. I want us to just again if you're if you're driving please do not do this okay.

Watch the replay in a time and a place where you're safe right. I don't want to hear about anybody going off the road or going into you know having an accident because they close their eyes. At the wrong time right. You're doing this at your own risk.

I want you to close your eyes. For a moment and. I want you to think back to a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever right. On a scale of 1 to 10 it was like a 47 right.

Now. I'm not the pleasure police. I'm not going to ask you where you were going who you were with what you were doing right. All.

I care about is when you remember that moment of absolute. Joy fun and pleasure and let me be very clear. I don't care what the pleasure is it could be the simple joy of biting into a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie it could be the day you got married could be the day you got divorced could be the greatest sexual experience you ever had right. It could be the most profound spiritual experience you've ever had.

I don't care all. I care about is that when you remember that moment. I want you to just close your eyes. And remember that moment remember what you were seeing in that moment remember what you were hearing remember what you were smelling remember what you were tasting.

CU. When you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get feeling of absolute pleasure. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where the those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from and take a moment point to and. I'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color colors would that be for you.

First impression now imagine for a moment if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented those amazing feelings a picture you could reach. Reach. Out. And.

Touch with your other hand take your hand. Reach. Out. And.

Touch that picture now trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is just make sure we've got the right. One grab the edges of it make the picture bigger notice what happens to the feelings in your body do they get stronger or do they get weaker now you don't have to type the answer in just stay with me on the exercise now make the picture back to its original size slowly pull that picture closer to your body does it get stronger or does it get weaker lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket what happened to the feeling now did it get stronger did it get weaker now you can have this feeling back at whatever level inity you want in just a moment. But for the sake of our dra.

I want you to unwrap that feeling lift it back up over your head now most of you know where frisbee is. I want you to imagine this picture is now shaped like a. Frisbee and. I want you to throw that frisbee all the way behind you all the way behind you until disapp appears completely when it disappears completely scan your body notice what happened to the feelings in your body how did they change when you're done lift your hands up imagine your hands are now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck that frisbee right.

Back into your hand and as you hold that frame up there as you hold that pleasure in your hands above your head. I'm going to tell you the most powerful thing. I can tell you today inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your reality you're the king or queen of your universe and you have every right. Privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want.

I want you to play with that power now. I want you to take this picture that you're holding and. I want you to make it bigger make it smaller move it in your body move out of your body move it up move it down notice how every time you change that sa and location of that picture the feelings and the intensity of those feelings and the quality of those feelings in your body change as well and. I want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape or location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that sweet spot.

I want you to fix it into place let the feelings flow from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream and from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go and every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very. DNA of the cell transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful. Perpetual play. Factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's wrong it's locked in test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied locked in stop testing go ahead and type your experience in the chat and type what did you notice m123 says magical very good. I am here now gratitude. okay.

Amazing holy wow this is fun yes. Because if you're not having fun you're not being effective right. So this is this is this is something. I would do with every single client that.

I would work with uh in the clinic it's something. I teach every single one of my influence and persuasion students um because once you have it once you understand it there's no. State you can't my face is hot and. I'm smiling very good very good now tingles excellent what you just created was true.

Magic by the way. But that's a different class for a different day right. We call this the frame game and it's an amazing way for you to understand a phenomenon we call the propri acceptive grit now we don't have time to touch that that's something you'll learn about if you come to the healing intensive or you get to killer influence in. January we'll talk about the procept grid from an influence standpoint from a person.

Alchemy standpoint the propriate receptive grid is one of the most powerful tools that you have at your disposal to change any feeling you want into any feeling you want right. And and that's not that's not a brag that's just how it works right. Um it's about empowering yourself okay. So.

I want you to play with this a lot play with this 5 10 15 minutes a day three or four times a day and what you'll discover when you start playing with that is that you will gain greater and greater and greater levels of control over any feeling thought or memory that makes you feel good or bad if you if it makes you feel good you can make it better if it makes you feel bad you can make it better or you can just make it go away right. In a way that actually cleans it out of your system was this useful was this helpful yes. Or yes. Cool excellent all right.

The. Next drill in our control training is called gross physiology now gross physiology the way. I teach it on webinars is uses a little bit of the. Magic.

Frame. So when we do this remember that for every psycho emotional state that you have there is a corresponding let me be very clear there is a corresponding posture and breathing pattern that allows that feeling or that emotional state to manifest if you change the physical the physical posture and the physical breathing that state can't engage or engaged to nearly the same extent. So remember. I said my my student.

Dave found himself his his posture started to change as his emotional he wanted to go back to that habitual um introverted version of himself and the minute he he was be aware of it he popped his physiology back and he held it right. This is where we're going. Next now we're going into the physiological. State control that.

David was using. But because we don't have you know eight hours to train this. I'm gonna kind of modify a little bit. So you can get a result.

A. Little. Bit. Stronger.

Faster would that be okay. Yes. Or yes. Okay.

Excellent. So here's what we're. GNA do if you can stand please stand if you don't let me see. I don't know if.

I can do without disappearing off camera now. I'm gonna. I'll sit and do the pretend. I'm standing okay.

So the. Next one. I want you to close your eyes. And.

I want you to remember a time in your life when you will felt like an absolute winner now. I'm going to be very specific in what. I want what you're going for. I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something that you truly wanted like on a on a lust factor of 1 to 10 it was like a lust factor of 77.

I mean that's how bad you wanted it and you made a decision in that moment that you were going to get it no. Matter what take a moment and again come up think about what comes up. First. I don't really care.

But usually that's the best way to go okay. I want you to remember that moment when you saw what you wanted and you made a plan and you put that plan into operation you went over around and through and no. Matter what got in your way you went through it you boom. I want you to remember that moment when you nailed it home run right.

You got the job you got the girl you got the guy you got the the promotion you got the the client whatever it was you won the game right. You won lot. I don't usually lotteries we don't plan that well. But.

I want you to remember that moment of absolute. I want you to close your eyes. Remember that moment of absolute. Victory.

I want you to see what you were seeing in that moment. I want you to hear what you were. Hearing in that moment what were you smelling in that moment what were you tasting because when you do that now some of you are saying it's difficult here's the deal if having trouble coming up with something that. I just mentioned from memory here's the.

Next level what might that be like pretend imagine what something like that might be like what were you seeing in that moment what were you hearing what were you smelling what were you tasting is in that moment when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get the feeling of being absolutely. Victorious and as you feel that feeling in your body. I want you to remember that moment of. Victory and.

I want you to remember the way you were standing in that moment remember the way you were breathing and breathe that way stand that way take a few minutes to just really get into that body that body configuration with those feelings come flooding up if there were a color connected to those feelings what color colors might that be for you. First impression breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bot like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon right. When you've got that when it's locked in. I want you to summon up your willpower and without changing a single thing about the way you're standing without chaing a single thing about the way you're breathing as an.

AC of will try to go bad if you catch your body starting to shift pop it back to the. Winner's physiology and notice what happens take a few seconds to do that try it on your own right. And when you're satisfied you've learned what you need to learn stop trying let that wonderful winter. State fully engage and.

Then type into the chat what you experienced. Jack says. I won excellent. Triumph is that a good thing badassery.

Standing. Tall and confident what happened when you tried to feel bad when you tried to yourself to feel bad what happened. I refused okay. Couldn't difficult to feel bad excellent sovereignity isnc immediate realization excellent you've just to quote.

Obi. Wong you've just taken your. First step into a much larger universe now let's talk about before into the. Next phase of this let's talk about defense against the dark arts applications the people that you meet will intentionally throw you into positive.

States and. Then negative. States and. So one of the things.

I want you to start to be become aware of is when you start when your physiology starts to change as a result of what somebody else is saying pop your body back into the. Winner's physiology okay. Because if you can maintain the physiology. Then the perceptual filters in your your body will stay positive they'll stay self-actualizing if you allow your physiology to be distorted from the internal emotions that this other person is trying to generate in you.

Then your. P your perceptual filters will shift to reinforce what they're saying are you guys following me here. So uh. Sherry is saying when they're negative at me.

I like to picture a mirror facing them. So it goes back you can do that. But the idea here is. I want you to become aware of your physiology and your posture.

So that anytime you feel that physiology being. Modified by the input of somebody else your. First thing and if you and if you do that what will happen is the energy fields around your body like in. Chinese medicine they call them your wey field your wey.

Fields will actually expand and get stronger right. Because what happens is when people when people are attacked or manipulated in ways that make them feel bad about themselves their posture wants to sink and and and and go down and that blocks the energy flow in the body and. Then the weighty fields out here become even more permeable. So you're always better you're always going to be better performing emotionally if your posture and your breathing are regulated okay.

So saying sometimes the feeling is intense. I feel it before. I get a phone call yes. And and when you feel it this should be like the the check engine light on your dashboard the moment you feel a negative feeling and you feel your physiology starting to shift the.

First thing you should do automatically pop into the pop into your power pose pop into your power posture uh. Dominic will that stop yes. One of the things you do when you start going into tunnel vision when you start going into fight or flight the. First thing you want to do sit up straight in other words change your physiology and look.

Around literally like this and. Then breathe okay. When you look. To the sides like this it forces your peripheral vision to come back online and.

Then you have much more physiological control that was actually something. I learned many many years ago in terms of fight or flight when the adrenaline jump hits you okay. So posture breathing eyes. All right.

Remember that posture breathing eyes. The. PE the predators of the world there's there's many different types of predators and there's many different tactics that people use. So when we're talking about people trying to induce fight.

ORF flight one of the. First things that's going to happen is you're going to get that tunnel vision effect right. But almost always before that happens your posture will go to. First literally they'll you'll either do it they'll either put you in an emotional state where your your physiology crumples or they'll manipulate you physically in into a state that makes you um less um resourced is this useful is this helpful uh.

Dominic is asking is this similar to the circle of confidence no. No. They're actually completely different they're actually completely different okay. Cool okay.

So let's look. At what we've got we've talked about knowing your out other words knowing what you want knowing if you're moving towards it knowing having a way to measure if you're moving away from it talked about controlling your state now believe me if this is the scope of everything there is in our state control training we did this right. But if you just did these every day do you think it would make a difference yes. Or yes.

Okay. So again now here's the thing if you only do it this is this is. David going into teach teacher mode or coach mode. I should say if you only do it once on this webinar it's a parlor trick it's a parlor trick.

But if you take the drills and you apply them in your life and you do them every day for fun. But you do them a lot what's going to happen is your your emotional muscle your ability to perceive internally and externally is going to grow and expand and you'll become more and more aware of subtler and subtler attempts at people influencing and modulating your. State including your including your own self modulating your state the problems is that we have this this domino. Effect of emotions in our body that start that roller coaster long before we're conscious.

But the more you play with these drills the more internally aware you're going to become as well as externally aware okay. So the more you play with these the more powerful you become and that's one of the things. I'm always teaching my uh my killer influence student students and my. NLP students and my hypnosis students is the more playful you are even when you're dealing with the most hit on the planet the more powerful you become okay.

Being playful being relaxed laidback explorational unlocks the creative faculty of your unconscious mind and gives you the ability to perceive possibilities and solutions that you get too serious or you get too tense they lock you out of right. So that's a process every and you're we're not none of us are special we all have these mechanisms inside of us the question is are they running on autopilot or are we actually learning how to take uh more measured um control of them right. Does that make sense all right. Let's talk about.

Rapport let's talk about again we go back to. Second we go back to this right. So when you see this this design again we've talked about knowing your outcome we've talked about controlling your state now we're going to talk about getting. Rapport in neurological entrainment and this is where things start to get really freaking cool okay.

You guys remember um at the beginning of the webinar. I said. I'm going to teach you the back door to the human nervous system how to how to hack it. So that people the moment you start speaking it's like hanging on your every word and they can't look.

Away even if they wanted to and the longer they listen the more attractive to you they become would that be would that be useful would that be helpful okay. So many of you have have have heard of this technique it's called the echo technique and it's. So powerful and yet. So ethical it's almost unfair okay.

So here's the principle that. I want you guys to embody uh when we go into the the echo technique okay. If you if you if you follow my uh my way of thinking or my line of thought it's impossible for you to misuse this technique the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are words that just came out of their mouth let me repeat that two more times in case you're taking notes the most powerful words that any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth. Last time.

Third time the most powerful words that any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth okay. This technique is called the echo technique um. I'm going to share with you some basic bullet points on this all right. By the way uh my veterans out there in uh in.

David land how many of you uh have actually used the echo technique um out in the real world yes. Yes. Anthony the words that came out of their mouth okay. Now when we train people when you come to killer influence when we train you in this we're going to train you we're going to do what we call verbatim training in other words we want you when you're doing this in training we want you to use as many of their words in the exact order as close the exact order as it came out of their mouth as possible now why would we insist on that a because it's going to make you feel uncomfortable we want you to feel uncomfortable why because taxes your brain it's it's going to put certain kind of stress on the language centers of your brain and your memory and what's going to happen as a byproduct of the training is that you're going to be able to remember longer and longer and longer and longer strings of information that your subjects tell you and that enhanced ability to remember causes you to have a deeper level of attention and entrainment with that nervous system.

But also if you come into the advanced. NLP training you'll also have the ability now to remember what they said in the sequence that they said it. So that you can analyze their language and extract information from it and that's what. Advanced.

NLP training is really all about it's about being able to harness somebody's language analyze it pull out certain kinds of information embedded within those language patterns that person's language patterns and. Then use it you guys remember at the beginning of the webinar. I said that what all these things have in common pattern recognition every form of human communication has pattern and structure to it in advanced. NLP training at least in my world that's where you dive into all the gold that's buried in their language.

But for influence purposes for actual real world influence purposes you don't need that because what. NLP wants you to do in the advanced levels is a form of analysis it's a form of intervention um and the way they want classical. NLP wants you to go about it will actually keep most from ever being able to do it in a real world sense. But if you train this the way.

I'm going to teach you when you get to an. NLP class you'll be able to rock anything they give you because you'll be using this in a real world fashion right. The the training won't be limited to a willing partner in a seminar okay. And.

I'll tell you the reasons why that's true after after we train. So we're going to do the we're going to practice and understand the echo technique. Then we're going to go into the. Next phase of this we're going to jump actually um let me do this we're g to jump actually from uh from the.

Rapport and the language section right. Into the emotional bonding and criteria and values section we call this the emotional bonding checklist. So you'll notice that this is all shaped you notice that this diagram is shaped like a. Target right.

And the reason for this is is because all of these things on the outside of the circle work on anybody who can hear you anybody who can read what you're writing anybody who is uh looking at your email within the sound of your voice it'll affect all of them as you move towards the center of the diagram the influence each of these layers is a multiplier it multiplies the levels that went before it and makes it even more powerful. But as you can see it gets progressively more targeted progressively more specific. So by the time you hit the uh the center of the persuasion. Bullseye as we like to say it you're actually targeting a very specific uh set of people with a very specific set of emotional needs and desires okay.

So we're gonna start we're going to start with the echo technique and we're going to jump right. Into emotional bonding and. I'm going to give you the opportunity to experience uh emotional bonding for yourself within yourself and. Then we're going to go into phase two and we're going to show you how to level up does that sound like a plan does that sound fair type in the chat if you think that's a okay.

Good all right. So let me go ahead and change screens here and here we go all right. This is where it gets fun this is called the echo technique and i' like to say this is how to get maximum attention in minimum time the echo technique ladies and gentlemen is in fact the most powerful way for one human being to communicate with another human being it literally forces a person's neurology to pay exclusive attention to you to the exclusion of everything else it allows you to how many people here hate. Small.

Talk anybody like you get in a conversation with someone you barely know and like within five minutes you've talked about the weather you've talked about sports and now you're running out of to say right. And yet you want to be interesting you want to be engaged. But you just you just don't know what to say this will change your life okay. Because the moment you repeat a person's words back to them it signals a very very powerful message to their autonomic nervous system that you heard them you're paying attention and that you're just like them just just hearing their words come back to them in a sincere and honest uh.

Echo will dramatically change how comfortable a person feels with you okay. It will prime your target to keep talking and give you more and more and more information about them and that's the best part when the person hears their very own words coming back to them they feel heard understood. Vindicated and validated and they just want to keep talking. Dan says you can make this again you absolutely can you absolutely can.

So like. I said it sends very powerful signals of sness. So if you go back to if you go back to our our diagram one a. Second right.

Notice this control your state get. Rapport use your language the echo technique actually does three of actually does all four of these that's what's crazy about this is that and if. I were teaching you classical. NLP you'd have techniques for this you'd have techniques for this you'd have techniques for this you'd have techniques for managing the state jumping into their process linking to their values.

But when you use the echo technique the way. I teach it you hit all of these either directly or indirectly. So you're automatically generating report you're automatically using your language in the most powerful compelling and hypnotic way imaginable at that level of the conversation it's going to cause them to go into a profound state of connection and attention towards you it makes them far more open to your influence and it primes people to self-disclose what you're going to notice and and my veterans who've been using the echo technique please chime in on this when you use the echo technique out in the real world on real human beings it's like somebody just opened the floodgates to their life they just start running off at the mouth and telling you all kinds of things about themselves to you without you having to ask true or not true uh. Aon says they bear their soul it's crazy true.

Jax is saying right. Like a fire host saying right. Fact the biggest problem with the echo technique is that it works right. But this is this is where we start because you can't influence people without a lot of training you can't.

Influence. People until you get into an interaction with them and you need to make sure that their system is primed in such a way that they feel the most open to you right. Mandy says. I feel guilty getting all this info about them don't and.

I'll tell you why that is. Mandy here's the thing the echo technique and again people might might disagree with me they. I reserve their. I.

I respect their right. To be wrong. But every human being on the planet is moving through the world looking to connect with other human beings okay. Period they're looking to move through the world connect with other human beings.

But the way we've taught for socialization is a is is not the most optimal way for a human being to be communicated with every human being is moving through the world pinging the universe looking for people that match themselves say what you want about. Opposites. Attract they attract. But they rarely stick one of the reasons they attract is because they're different right.

And the moment they catch our attention we start check checking off boxes to see how much like us they are and the more boxes we check off the more we like them okay. When we get to the defense against the dark arts aspect of this we're going to talk about something called the. Golden. Rule of friendship that is something that you should all understand you're you as you learn the echo technique and you apply you're you're applying the golden rule of friendship.

But remember that predators are going to hack that rule and you have to know the the. Dynamics of that if you want to be effective at protecting yourself from it. So let me explain the ethical use of the echo technique if you move through the world and you come from a place of understanding that the echo technique is the most evolutionarily perfect way to communicate with another human being it's if there were a a textbook. Way that one human being was biologically designed to want to be communicated with it would be the echo it would be the structure of the echo technique uh.

Robert. Beck is asking is there a wrong way to use it yes. And. I'm going to give you that fundamental distinction it's not wrong per se it's just one that that might have some more drawbacks to it if you understand that the echo technique is the most desirable way for one human being to be.

Comm communicated with like it's a gift. Then and and you use it in a way that you know it gives them the gift of being heard understood validated and paid attention to on a level that they rarely get the attention that they get the attention from that's how you use it. So what happens is if you come from that place if you come from that place and people say why are you repeating the words that. I'm saying all you have to do is look.

At them say say look. I want you to know that. I hear you and. I understand you and.

I want you to understand that. I'm. I'm getting what you're saying is that okay. Now if they say no.

You this person has deeper issues and you're not all. But what will happen every now and. Then is you'll get someone who catches that you're echoing them right. And they'll say why are you echoing me and you you you'll say well you'll kind of stumble over your words and your will collapse or you'll be using this is one of the more unethical ways to use the echo technique because you know the power of the echo technique you can use this in ways that are inauthentic you can use this in way as a trick to get rapport with people without having their best interest at.

Art and. So in. NLP there was an old an. Old.

Chestnut an old belief that said. If you're trying to do report skills on another human being and they catch you and you keep doing it it will piss them off no. It it actually doesn't work that way what happens though is if you're doing. Rapport skills with people and they catch you and you stop doing it that's where all the negative stuff comes in because when you buy into their frame we'll talk at in part three we'll talk about frame control the person that controls the the frame around an experience controls the game when you stop using specific types of report techniques that signals that you have an agenda other than being yourself and communicating in a way that's authentic.

But by continuing to do it you're sending a very powerful signal that this is who you are this is how you communicate and after a few minutes they won't even notice you're doing it anymore they won't care anymore. But if you get caught and you stop that's when you've literally lost your frame in other words you're no. Longer the person who's communicating in a way that is most gratifying to the person listening to them now you're doing something that's tricky you understand the difference. So.

Laura is saying 18 to 20 students have. So much going on and are in one of the lest periods of grown and change the. EO give me a way to understand what they need excellent okay. So the idea here is it's not the technical aspects of the echo technique that can make it or break it it's where you're coming from.

So think about it this way think about it this way way and. Then we'll move on because. I'm. I'm.

I want to keep on our schedule let's assume let's let's let's say you're there's a person that you want to communicate with and you know that there's one way to communicate with them that would make them feel the most. F paid attention to. Vindicated validated um heard person on the planet in a way that would make them feel absolutely wonderful about interacting with you and. Then you deliberately choose not to do it okay.

Who's the jerk now right. Don't be that one neurologically speaking and again. I. I say this from thousands of case studies thousands of hours of worlded application both in the clinic and outside of it the echo technique is the most fundamentally gratifying way for one human being to communicate with with another and it doesn't really seem to matter if it's over the phone in person through email via text or chat just getting their words back takes the conversation to a whole other level and here's the best part about this it eliminates the burden of small talk from you the longer these people talk the more connected and trusting and attracted to you they tend to become okay.

They can't not pay attention to you fact the one thing is is. So power. I do ask it's kind of a joke. But it's true when you're out in the real world be very respectful who you use this with like if you use this with a server like a bartender or a waiter or a waitress or a.

Hostess if you do this for any length of time they will become. So connected to you. So focused on you they'll know everybody else and that may be a great way to get free desserts which you might get them in trou with their boss right. But go out there and play with this with human beings don't have any agenda other than to.

Echo people's words and watch the response that you get now there's one other thing. I'm going to warn you about before you go you play with this and that is simply. Beware of the spotlight effect there's this phenomena that that a kind of self-consciousness that we get when we go out into the world and we start communicating with people using a technique that is not our normal organic native way of communicating we call it the spotlight effect and. Then there's this belief that because we know we're doing something different than what is natural for us the other person that we're doing it with.

Will perceive it too and that's completely not true that's a completely self-contained uh experience. So understand that even though you know you're not communicating the way you would normally want to be communicated with you the person you're communicating with is getting exactly what they need and how they need it to feel heard validated and understood. Mandy says. I don't want the responsibility people think.

I am there anytime they want to talk well this is where boundaries come in and remember anything you set up you can break if you want to see people's lights go out really really quick just stop echoing and the the the the the fire will start to die down a little if you really want to get just start mismatching what they say and and you'll you'll feel that connection snap most of the time you don't need to do that okay. Questions about the echo technique. So. David is asking if echoing and mirroring attracts them does not doing.

So have the opposite effect it can absolutely okay. Um has this been useful has this been helpful cool all right. Uh let me see here all right. You guys ready to explore the power of emotional bonding yes.

Or yes. Cool all right. So here's the thing when we start doing emotional bonding now we're still going to use a person's very own words the echo technique going forward now in almost every compound technique that we're going to play with is going to be part of it right. When you start echoing people's words everything else you do gets exponentially more powerful.

So uh. Robert is asking does it even work if the other person is only talking sarcastically and ironically in many cases yes. In many cases yes. Now let's be clear you don't have to.

Echo their tonality for this to work in fact in. Advanced. Training kill when you come to killer influence we'll show you how to. Echo somebody without sounding like you're echoing them and one of the ways is to not use their tonality or their volume or whatever um.

But the idea is as long as the the nervous system is getting. Snippets of sameness it will continue to cleave and pay attention to the source of those. Snippets and the longer it pays attention the deeper into connection it goes okay. Um there's that's a little more than.

I have time to go into. U. But if you access your killer influence program there's a whole training that we call report. Wars right.

And you'll learn it in killer influence uh. Natasha is asking some people are too selfish and they will try to drain you once they see you take your time to yes. And that's where the opposite is true deliberately mismatching them in any way shape or form will cause a disconnect and will break that frequency and. So it's harder for them to steal your attention.

Okay. Again when you come to cure influence gonna get trained in that there's five days of it okay. So. Jason ask think an example or to in action to help it singing you talking about the echo technique or something else.

Jason okay. I well. I usually uh do a little demo. So one of the the most yeah one of the most when.

I back when. I had my martial arts school back in. Coral. Springs.

Florida in the early 90s um this is how. I would answer my phone ring ring good afternoon. Co. Springs martial arts academy this is.

David how can. I help you well hey. David. U my name is.

Bernice uh. I saw your sign uh out outside the gym and. I'm looking for. I'm interest karate lessons for my 10-year-old son.

Josh do you think you can help me oh hey. Bernice how you doing. So you're saying you you saw my my son outside the gym and you were in karate lessons for your 10-year-old son. Josh and of course.

I can help you great. David thank you. So much can you tell me more about your school well sure let me ask you a question. Bernice before.

I tell you more about my school uh what is it that that's important to you about karate lessons for your 10-year-old son. Josh you know. David um well. First of all.

Josh is 10 right. He's gonna be uh in he's in fifth grade well he would be going to fifth grade. But he's done. So well in school uh he's.

So smart in fact that his teachers actually moved him up to grade. So he's actually going to sixth grade um and he's a little small for his age. Anyway and um. I'm.

Afra the kids are a little bigger and you know he's going to be surrounded by all these big kids and. I just. I heard that martial arts was was a good way for for kids to to get more self-confidence and focus and to be able to protect themselves uh you know from bullying and things like that can can do you have anything like that that could help me in your program okay. So let me see if.

I understand you better um. Bernice. So. Josh son.

Josh son is 10 years old 10-y old son. Josh and he would be going to fifth grade. But he. So smart in fact that his teachers actually moved him up to sixth grade and you said he was a little small for his age yeah.

David he's a little small for his age can you help yeah absolutely um and you said that he's really smart uh. But the kids are going to be bigger than him and he you tell that martial arts was a great way for children like. Josh to develop confidence and protect against bullying is that correct yeah. David can you tell me more about that absolutely.

Bernice look. For decades for centuries in fact the martial arts has been a powerful way for children especially. Josh's age to develop focus and confidence and to fight off and defend against bullies and people who are bigger than themselves and uh it's you know we have different ways that we can uh to help. Josh with that.

So. I'm curious which of the three things that you mentioned. Focus concentration bullying um would you feel is is the the primary need for. Josh well.

David you know focus and and confidence is obviously concentration is obviously you know a big thing for me. But. I'm really you know. I guess.

I'm really. I guess. I could say. I'm kind of worried about the bullying aspect of you know.

I really want to know that. Josh can can take care of himself and and and stuff. I understand. So obviously focused in concentration even confidence um are concerns.

But it was really. The. Bullying you're focused on and. I'll tell you it uh the martial arts is one of the best ways for smaller people to be able to realistically and consistently protect against bullying in fact just the training itself will cause.

Josh to stand and move in a certain way that people will see him as not somebody who's going to be easy pickings and in the off chance that somebody actually does put a hand on him you'll find that. Josh rapidly develop the ability to protect himself and to send a very powerful message that he's not somebody that's be standing up to bullying does that sound like something you'd be interested in oh my. God. David that sounds amazing um what.

I have to do well it's real simple we have different ways that. Josh can get into the program we have a uh we have a a two- free lesson and one group lesson programs with a free uniform. But we also have a three private lesson deal if you want. Josh to get more of a a one-on-one introduction to the art um which one works better for you you know you know.

David. I think. I think maybe um the three lesson one the private lesson one would be better because. Then.

I can kind of sit there and maybe observe yeah there's a there's an observation window. So you can observe for sure uh and see if that if it's something he really likes and. Then move him into group class rery. So here's the deal uh.

I have an appointment available today at 5:30 p.m and. I also have one uh tomorrow at 6:15 which would be easier for you well. David. I think.

I think maybe maybe the 5:15 today because. Then. I can you know just we can just get on the road and get this thing going one way or the other find out if he really likes it and if it's if it's if something he's going to resonate with perfect. I'll see you and.

Josh today 5:15. I'll just have. I'll just take some other information and we'll get you guys going on the fast track to to more confidence. Focus concentration and to put a dead stop to that bullying that he may or may not ever encounter does that sound like a plan fantastic.

David thank you thanks click okay. Okay. So that's basically the structure. Manny says.

Hey. I want to join these martial arts now gave you extra bonus there okay. What. I actually did with that particular demonstration was actually.

Incorporated the. Next drill that we're going to do which is called the emotional motivation or the emotional bonding checklist. I took. One or two of the the criteria that.

Bernice gave me. I said. Focus concentration confidence. I kind of vacillated and.

Then the bullying thing right. And. I drooled down on one of them now in actual application when you're influencing other people you would drill down on all3 right. But.

I. I took. The bullying and. I elaborated on it right.

And. I painted a picture of what it would like be like for. Josh bice's son to have that experience okay. So there's a structure to the emotional motivation emotional bonding checklist now could you hear the emotion in.

Bernice's voice when. I hit certain words yes. Or yes. Okay.

This is very common when you do this this is what you get did you notice that. Bernice actually asked me when they could get started right. That's also very common not always. But how hard was my close how hard did.

I actually have to close. Bernice the answer is. I didn't right. All.

I had to do was give them give her a choice and let her pick right. And that actually is more more common than anything um the more you can deliver a person's very own words back to them and. Link what they want to what you offer using their words let me be very clear you link what they want to what you offer and you use their words to do it the only variable after that is repetition. So.

Natalie saying you did reinforce the point about bullying in the end yes. Right. Again if. I could.

I could have gone even deeper into it honestly. I went actually went further in that conversation a lot of times than. I would actually need to do um on a regular call. But.

I wanted because we're we're kind of a little behind schedule. I wanted to show you what emotional bonding looks like and sounds like in a demo does that make sense it's super super powerful guys and when you do it right. It takes you from the realm of being a salesperson to someone they're in a relationship with someone who they trust someone who they believe with their heart can deliver the things they want most in the way in the way that they recognize that they're getting it remember at the beginning of our class. I told you know your outcome in other words know what you want and have a way to measure that you're getting it that is exactly what you're doing with emotional bonding and motivation you are finding out exactly person wants how they know they're getting it and you're merging and marrying those two concepts together to your product your service or yourself and you're doing it in a way that is completely ethical and organic as long as let me be very clear as long as you can actually deliver it if you do this process with someone and you discover that what you offer isn't a fit it can't deliver what they need and you.

TR and you go through with it. Anyway now that's you just cross the boundary into deception which is my boundary uh between eth between ethical influence and unethical influence we do not lie we do not deceive we do not coers we find out what people want how they know they're getting it we determine if there's a fit and we. Bond them. So that they feel like they're getting everything they want for their own selfish reasons by doing what we want them to do the unethical predators of the world they're going to take this process and they will lie they will misuse it the only way to protect yourself from it is to know it right.

I know. I spent a lot of time in. Phase. One of today's webinar talking to you about ethical influence because unethical influence will use these same tools.

But they will violate boundaries they will use it in a way that puts the person in a uh into a highly compliant trusting state. But. Then what they'll do is they'll refuse to deliver or or use it against them in some way that that that causes them discomfort or hurt or pain right. Jackon okay.

Well again it's about finding it's a very simple it's a very simple way to figure it out ethical versus unethical what do they want how do they know they're getting it can you communicate can you. First can you deliver what they want and can you communicate you can deliver what they want in a way that they recognize it if the answer to any of those questions is no. Then you have to rethink what you're doing okay. You have to rethink what you're doing okay.

So here's what. I want you guys to do we're gonna we're. GNA do this drill on ourselves. I always do this right.

Before we go into phase two because it helps us gain. Clarity on why we're doing the things that we're doing why we decided to come here. So this. Next piece.

I want you to get out a piece of paper and at the top um at the top of the page. I want you to write what. I want from tonight's webinar what do you want to be able to do as a result as a byproduct of tonight's train. I want you to write what's it going to be what what's that going to do for you what's tonight's training going to allow you to experience underneath that.

I want you to write a question what's important about that and. I want you to write the answer to that question. So um um let me go show you this really quick okay. So the question is what do you want write your outcome underneath that.

I want you to write what's it going to do for you and use pay attention to the exact words that your brain uses okay. As you write the answer underneath that what's important to you about getting this right. And write your answer use the words that come up. First and use the exact words and.

Then. Finally once you've written out this answer you're gonna ask a. Third time what's important you about getting it and write that answer and. Then if you have if you have enough emotional bandwidth ultimately if you had all of this the the the a the.

B and the. C if you had all that what's important about that write the answers okay. So when you've done that just type done in the chat and. I'll tell you what to do with it.

Next am. I sharing my screen yeah okay. Okay. Mia says yes.

Melissa. F ask done. Dan says done excellent. So you should have a b c and d now real quick did any of you get emotional while you started writing these answers out yes.

Or no. N says yes. Excellent okay. Very good.

So suit says no. He didn't okay. That's fine we might need to drill down a little more. J okay.

Excellent gravy all right. So. I don't have a tablet with me. So.

I'll just use my phone. So here's what we're going to do. Next. I want you to take your sheet of paper or your phone or wherever you've done it on.

I want you to hold the uh hold the uh the notebook. Or whatever you've written it on at about a 45 degree angle and. I want you to focus visually on the answers to a b c and d and out loud. I want you to to speak if you're not done yet keep going.

Samuel it's fine or. Su it's fine right. And. I want you to speak them out loud five times just go from a to d out loud five times pay attention to how you feel at the beginning of that process pay attention to how you feel at the end of it and.

Then when you're done type in the chat what you experienced. But really commit yourself absorb yourself for a few minutes in this exercise and be fully present with it okay. When you're done when when you finish the exercise just type done in the chat and what. H what changed.

So. Sher says. I feel more confident excellent anybody else same as. Sherry some says excellent very good see anybody else feeling more connected to others my body posture seem to grow excellent excellent excellent okay.

Good now what you just did is called the emotional motivation checklist. Sherry says. I also realized something about myself which is what. I wanted from this webinar perfect perfect again my f job number one for me as your teacher and your guide is to help you become progressively more self-aware this is one of.

David's axioms of influence you might want to write this down without awareness there is no. Choice let me repeat that without awareness there is no. Choice yeah. I can put them you guys want to do a screenshot of it.

I'll let you do a screenshot of hold on a. Second. I apologize if. I'm going a little fast.

I'm trying to keep to the schedule that. I promised you. So let me just make this a little bit smaller right. We'll cover this on another class this is not something we need to focus on right.

Now right. So this called the emotional motivation checklist yep for sure. Greg absolutely okay. So how many of you are ready to level up how many of you are ready to grab a hold of the things you just said you wanted and get the full system to to just rock life if you're ready to do that type.

I'm ready in the chat some it says you're the best. David you changed my life thank you. I'm in all right. Then let's do this okay.

For your encouragement. I present to you with your permission the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion. Mastery home study course now this is a u a package.

I put together designed exclusively to help you learn and master the. Art and. Science of human influence from your own home i'. I've taken a bunch of my very best number highest rated courses.

I've put them together in a way that will optimize your ability to learn assimilate and put these things to use in as short amount of time as possible plus continue to expand and grow your opportunities um in the persuasion world. So this is what. I got secrets of human influence is all about helping you take your life to the. Next level it's all about learning how to make more money in an ethical and honest way closing more business deals getting more dates helping more people feeling more confident more powerful ultimately it's about ethically and honestly winning in the game of life because the truth is in a civilized society your ability to get people to want to do the things you want them to do is the ultimate success and survival skill right.

Relentless is an important quality and characteristic to have. But if at the end of the day you don't possess the skills and the abilities to find out what people want and show them and how to motivate them and. Inspire them to really want to work with you or for you or beside you it's a struggle my job is to make your life easier and this is what this is what this particular package is all about it's about the fastest easiest most ethical way to get everything you want in life and. I really really truly believe that because it's done it's exactly what it's done for me it's about becoming more.

Charming charismatic and irresistible and that's just the beginning. So this offer is good today. December 28th 2023 and it's good until 11:59 p.m. tonight. Pacific.

Time now. I'm currently on the. East. Coast.

So for those of you um uh who are worried that oh my. God it's almost it's you know it's almost 11:00 now no. Don't worry about it all right. Um it's going to be pacific time.

So you guys on the. East. Coast have a little bit more time. But you got to make sure you reach out uh right.

Away and it's already. December 29th in. Cairo good to know well. Mandy for you we will extend it until 11:59 p.m your time on the 29th okay.

Very good thank you you're welcome. Mandy all right. So. So here's what we got.

First of all it's the secrets of human influence this is a copy of our original killer influence uh secrets of covert hypnosis home study course and live training it's a 17 video package that covers the entire seven-stage. Universal persuasion protocol it's going to teach you in no. Uncertain terms how to think like a master influencer people who are influence professions and that includes the ethical ones and the. Not.

So ethical ones they have very different ways that they think about influence about how they go they're very goal oriented in what they do we're going to show you what that looks like we're going to teach you how to adopt the most powerful ways of thinking feeling and acting. So that you can move through the world being a natural at exerting influence you know we all have the same skills and abilities it's just the beliefs that we carry and the socialization um that we were're exposed to will limit or accelerate our ability to access them. I designed this program. So that anybody who's willing to roll up their sleeves do the drills and get the skills can become a master of influence right.

We're going to teach you how to systematically control your own psycho emotional state. So no. One repeat no. One can push your buttons for any length of time ever again and even when they catch you by surprise you'll be able to instantly flip the script and influence people at a whole new level invisibly okay.

It's a 2, it's $297 value that's just one module the. Next module is called power. Rapport skills this is the ability to get very powerful deep level rapport with another person's nervous system and literally send emotional energy back and forth that causes them their perceptual filters to shift for them to become increasingly more open to your influence at many different levels simultaneously and you can actually begin to actually extract information from their system that will give you insights into how best to influence those people it's a really powerful skill if you've ever watched my video um empathic superpower where you've seen what we call the sway test um that's where you literally people people sway from across the room by just moving your imagination that's the level we're talking about and everybody can do it uh and in fact it's one of the most mind-blowing aspects of the training on day one when everybody in the room starts making other people move and. Sway and sending in motions back and forth and that's still just the beginning we're going to teach you how to take those.

Rapport skills and connect with anyone anytime anywh where once you have that we're going to teach you how to deploy the most powerful hypnotic language techniques known to man techniques that will allow you to realistically and automatically control the focus of people's attention. So they only pay attention to the things that you want them to and and ignore everything else how to automate programs in people's mind. So that they automatically think about the things you want them to think about even when they're trying to resist you we're going to teach you how to make anything you want seem to cause any anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things have absolutely nothing in common we're going to teach you how to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things have nothing to do with each other okay. We'll teach you how to force a person's internal mind movies to be exactly what you describe and accept what you say and have them hanging on your every word and think you're the most cool wonderful amazing person to listen to okay.

It's uh and that's just small part of what the language training will do that's a 29 that's actually way more than $297 values if you've seen my video the 21 most powerful words in human language that's a tin that that little pamphlet that little video is a small piece of the full language training okay. We're going to teach you how to manage the emotional states of other people. So you can see where they're at just determine where you need them to go and use whatever processes are necessary to for them to become the person that you want them to be. So they'll do the things you want them to do it's extraordinarily powerful and uh if you do it right.

Completely 100% ethical the other side of that is is you'll be able to determine and and sense and detect very very quickly when other people are trying to do this to you. So that you can decide whether to let them influence you or not remember the flip side of being a master of influence is that you automatically have the ability to detect when other people are trying to influence you and that awareness by itself is an amazingly powerful and consistent level of self-defense now we're going to teach you other things that you can do once you become aware. But that's a byproduct of the training. So uh we're going to teach you how to hijack someone's internal behavioral code now don't let the word hijack um kind of raise the hackles what we're talking about is that little process.

I talked about earlier where you can memorize long strings of information analyze it for the things that are buried within it and you use it now you don't need to have a deep understanding if you just have the echo technique you're going to do it automatically. But we want you to not only have the ability to do it automatically we want you to be able to do more things with it and. So that's what understanding and hijacking. Behavior codes is about it's about being able to generate the behaviors in yourself and other people that make people feel more inclined to want to do what you want them to do for their own reasons it's very simple once you understand the process.

But you someone has to show you the process that's a $297 value and. Finally you got a little taste of it uh today we told you how to emotionally. Bond anyone's deepest desires to what you want them to do your product your service what have you in an ethical and honest way okay. It's a $297 value we're going to include with this package a 240 page manual called the killer influence mind control.

Manifesto or killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis in that. Manifesto are extra uh appendices and chapters things like proxemic hypnotic operators where you can learn how to manage and and manipulate the spatial relationships around you and other people. So that they automatically feel more uh suggestible to you they automatically see you as more authoritative and more impactful if you do presentations where other people might be arguing against you how to engineer your environment and where they sit at a conference table. So that they're actually in the weakest power position available uh we have had people use this for speeding tickets.

I won't go in any further than that um lest. I be uh targeted by the agencies. But. Anyway um we're also going to we're also going to teach you um how to use social hypnotic operators now social hypnotic operators you're being inundated with these every day and they're hypnotic programs that have been installed in you by your culture things like reciprocity uh commitment and consistency um liking.

Authority these are are things that have the ability to cause you to engage in automatic behaviors and without the awareness of how these things work and what's being deployed you will be at the mercy of them more often than you won't. So if you want to stop being manipulated. If. You by everything that's coming at you through a signal as well as the people in front of you by the things you read by the things you watch on television or on the.

Internet you need to understand social hypnotic operators if you're a social influencer you need to understand social hypnotic operators. So that you can use them effectively to help your followers get more excited about you okay. Um we're going to talk about dirty rotten tricks now these are gray hat kind of techniques that you can deploy uh in times when they're absolutely appropriate to do that or as is often the case have the ability to detect them when people are trying to use them on you we're going to talk about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence. Authority attractivity um acquiescence and.

Affinity these are macro categories of human influence that cause people to. Simply do what you say and want to please you if you use them properly we'll talk about profiling and speed profiling how to look. At somebody and know a lot about them in 90 seconds or less. So that you can use that information to influence them more effectively uh we'll talk about lie some levels of lie detection uh and a whole lot more there's.

So many other really cool appendices behavioral hypnotic operators biogenetic hypnotic operators these are all hypnotic operators are phenomen that have the ability to bypass or reorient your critical faculty without your awareness and they don't necessarily rely on language. So you don't have to it's not necessarily spoken and that's what's. So powerful about the killer influence system is it's not about language per se it starts you at language. But.

Then it takes you into these other. Realms of uh things that don't rely on language for example you learn about embodied cognition embodied cognition is a field of science where if. I give you a warm drink to to hold you will tend to experience more emotional warmth towards me than if. I give you a cold drink to hold this is what we call environmental engineering these are things that you can set up in your environment that.

Prime people to think and act in very predictable ways things that you can manifest things that you can control and engineer right. Again this is for people who are very proactive and want the biggest bang for their. Buck it's about taking the randomness out of your life right. Plus you're going to get we'll talk about more about this a little bit.

Later you're going to get access to an online community of over 210 active members all wanting the same things you want to be better at influence and getting more out of life the way they want it um we've had people do that. Sumit. Summit says how can. I convince the bank to give me more money emotional bonding criteria values.

Echo technique just keep going okay. I'm not kidding there are people on this chat right. Now who have been offered jobs they did not qualify for and and told people told people they didn't qualify for it. But because they used the techniques.

I'm teaching you they were offered the job. Anyway okay. I i'. I've seen this do.

I've seen this stuff do crazy stuff right. But this is just the. First piece right. Total value of this if you you know you think about is $2,497.

But we're not even going to stop there right. What we're going to do. Next we're gonna if you act today if you click that link right. Now when it comes up or you reach out to me and ask for the link right.

Now or boss and ask for the link right. Now um we're going to give you these special bonuses absolutely free we're going to include the number one. NLP training program of 2022 defense against the dark arts counter manipulation hypnotic influence and behavioral profiling. Secrets this is a program that literally pulls back the curtain on narcissists uh machiavellians.

Psychopaths we're going to talk about the the the flag system which is focus lifestyle. Association groups which it teaches you how to profile people and figure out very very quickly if these are the people that you want to be associated with or if there's a little ugliness behind the beauty right. Uh we're going to teach about victimology how people how these people sort for victims and how to take yourself off the the the menu we're going to talk about social predators and social. Predator psychology the five-phase psych pred psychological.

Predator formula that all social. Predators use whether they're whether they're a domestic abuser a child molester uh a human trafficker uh a pimp um uh. Cults there's a certain five-phase formula that all of these groups and individuals use to groom people and to make them more and more emotionally addicted and dependent on them we're gonna pull back the curtain on that and teach you step by step by step what those five steps are how to how to identify them how to protect protect yourself against them and more importantly how to turn the tables on those mofos we're going to teach you what to look. For on a.

First date or an interview with someone who you suspect may be a narcissist there's about 21 different conversational cues or flags that these people. U manifest or or. Express during normal conversations that well you should once you understand what they are you can get out of a bad situation before it ever has a chance to start right. Um moving on uh we're going to talk about um personality types and character disturb people versus other types of people uh we're going to talk about uh let's see here we talk about body language and face reading and micro expressions and how to instantly tell when people are concealing we're going to talk about the three magic questions protocol and how it can be used to actually detect.

Liars. So one of the one of the interesting aspects about three magic question question protocol is that the deeper a person gets into rapport with you the harder and harder it is for them to lie we'll talk about the 15 most common traits that signal deception we'll talk about behavioral profiling and clusters we'll talk and we actually give you lots and lots of drills for doing that exact same thing okay. So and plus the original about 60% of the original killer influence curriculum. So for those of you who aren't familiar with the original killer influence curriculum we'll talk about.

Rock. Solid. State. Control.

Secrets. Power report skills emotional bondage four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence how to cold read and personality profile people we'll even do some face reading there we'll talk about um proxim hnic operators meta filters of human perception attractivity. Secrets things about how to make yourself ridiculously attractive to other people um and. So much more.

So again the the the secrets of human influence defense against the dark arts program is all about counter manipulation in fact one of the things that we do in here is we actually let people role play both sides of the those personality types. So you get an actual verb's eye view into how these people think and feel we'll teach you how to reframe and reverse uh the tactics that they use um many narcissists and and abusive and abusers have this thing this set of behaviors that they use if you get out of a relationship with them they've got about six or seven different tactics that they'll use to suck you back into that negative unhealthy relationship the technical term is called hoovering we'll teach you all about that and how to beat it once and for all okay. That's just a small piece of what defense against the dark arts will do the total value on this is $1,997 uh and as. Seth pointed out.

I'm a hypnotist not a mathematician. So it's $444 $ 4,487 give or take a few bucks and before you register for the we're also going to include one of my favorite programs uh of all time this is. Renegade reframing how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds one of the things that you will discover about any form of social predator is they have going back to what. Natasha was talking about they have at least 21 different ways or tactics that they use conversationally for avoiding accountability for the things that they do many of those are actually types of reframes what we're going to teach you to do in in defense against the dark arts and we're going to amplify it even further in.

Renegade reframing is we're going to show you literally how to overcome any belief win any argument or or overcome an objection in seconds think about this for a moment what if for every limiting belief that you had every reason that kept you from taking any action uh or the people you wanted to from taking an action or an excuse that people were giving you what if you had 14 different ways to change that what if you had 14 different ways that you could literally transform that belief that objection or that attempt at gaslighting you into something else in 30 seconds or less what could you what could you do with a superpower like that right. That's what. Renegade reframing is all about it's about understanding how human beings create beliefs how they're built and how to change them in seconds. I've demonstrated this a couple of times um in uh in other webinars.

But it's one of in fact we can play with it a little bit if you guys want uh in phase three. But this is actually one of the most important um s trainings that you can get for dealing with people who are constantly trying to gasl light you always giving you an excuse about why they can't or won't or shouldn't do something and when you turn this on your own mind this is one of the things we did in our in our coaching program was that uh we had people write down all their limiting beliefs and. Then we used we taught them these patterns and we had them use those patterns on their own belief systems and they couldn't go back to the old way of thinking about stuff it just blew their minds to do a one-on-one trial when will that. I don't.

I don't know what that question means. But we'll get back to it. So total value on this is $1,997 uh we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want you to be fully armed with all the techniques necessary to be able to be a full uh full spectrum influence professional now. I will tell you that this course was designed for people who have completed the killer influence or secrets of human influence training the.

CPI training uh this if you were to go to buy this on the website uh it would be. CPI 3. Renegade reframing. But we're going to throw this in absolutely free for you uh as a byproduct of the training.

So that you can actually keep leveling up okay. This is if for those of you who write uh any form of marketing like sales copy where you have to reframe objections overcome objections uh one of the most powerful uses of this skill is actually to build into your sales copy reframes of objections people would often come at you with and uh and answer and and cure the objection before it actually comes up. I've used this a lot. I use this a lot a lot um.

But if you're doing. Criterion values in emotional bonding this is what you use if you screw that up. So if you screw up. Echo technique in emotional bonding and they come up with an objection this will actually turn the tables on them okay.

Um. So. Cod value give or take $648 we got more for those of you who do any form of public speaking this is one that. I think is worth its weight in gold and it allows you to take all the skills that you've learned in secrets of human influence.

Renegade reframing um and even um um defense against the dark arts to a much higher level a lot of you are are are using some form of social media uh and social as a social influencer and you need to understand how to create content that people find compelling and irres resistible this course was originally designed for people who do stage and and and public speaking if you've ever wondered how guys like. Lisa sat or people like. Lisa sasich or. Robert.

Allen or um uh even the late great uh uh what's his name um. Bill. Gates not. Bill.

Gates um. Apple guy what's his name again. Steve. Jobs right.

How all these people got people fired up uh guys like. T harveer and. Tony. Robbins how they get these people stampeding to the back of their room to sign up for their product or service if you present to boards or cap.

Venture capitalists or you're doing readings at bookstores and things like that this is going to give you the ability to stand in front of people and engineer talks for small groups and large groups that hypnotically. Inspire motivate and. Prime people to want to take the. Next step with you if you're an educator a coach a therapist a business person who does any form of networking or marketing where you're doing it to groups this will allow you to leverage your skills and take it to the.

Next level it'll teach you how to hold since things as basic as how to stand on a stage right. How to hold a microphone how to shift from. One microphone to another what to do when you screw up on stage right. How to set anchors how to.

Decon we deconstruct the talks of very famous presenters and we show you the hidden. NLP and the embedded language and all the secret things that they don't even teach their trainers to do because that would make them compet. I there's a system that these people teach to their their their students and. Then there's the system they're using behind the system this pulls back the curtain and shows you the system behind the system.

So it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free it includes two forms of uh presentation architecture one allows you to do small groups um. I'm a teacher is there program yes. It's uh secrets of human influence combined with. Charisma conversion.

Melissa. Tony cin is a corporate spiritualist. I love that oh. God all right.

Um. Charisma conversion is is easily one of the most powerful programs we have. I've said this before and. I'll say it again the skills.

I teach in. Charisma and conversion have allowed me to write my own ticket in this world most of you are here because of the skill sets that. I teach in. Charisma and conversion.

So if you're the fastest way to build your business is through public speaking right. Get in front of an audience demonstrate your skills and give them an amazing experience that makes them want more and how to do it in an ethical and honest way even more importantly on the flip side of that when you get into these these these big group seminars and all of a sudden they're leveraging all these hypnotic operators on you that have you wanting to run to the back of the room now you'll become aware of it you'll understand what's going on what's. Happening and you'll gain the ability to say no. To understand what's going on even more more importantly what's really cool is because you know how these things are done you can observe how they're doing it and learn on a whole different level right.

There's. So much gold. I even teach you people how to use my my my my. YouTube strategies and my.

Meetup strategies uh in this program. I. I kind of pulled. I gave you a.

No. Holds. Barred look. At this stuff okay.

Uh it's a $1,997 value it's yours for free total combined value is 8,481. So let's just review what we've got for you okay. 17 video seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol the secrets of you and influence home study course the killer influence mind control.

Mastery. Manifesto and manual $2,497 value you're going to get the killer influence defense against the dark arts counter manipulation influence and behavioral profiling. Secrets recorded live $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the bonus number two. Renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief in uh in the shortest amount of time possible $1,997 value and.

Then crisman conversion hypnotic presentation skills $1,997 value we're going to give you that absolutely free total value on this is 8,481. But today because. I love you and it's coming to the end of the year and we all know that new year new start it's time to take control right. You won't have to pay $848 in fact we're not even going to charge $ 6,481 nor are we going to give you make you pay 5347 or 3347 you know what we're not even going to charge you 2347 for those of you who are ready to take action today get in the game join me uh at our.

Next event join me online at our. Next event we're going to give it all to you for one low investment of just $9.97 or three easy installments of just 3.97 each okay. All you got to do is click this link right. Here www. killer influence.com slgo click this link right.

Now and reserve your your program. So you can get started and make 2024 the most powerful and empowering year ever remember the ability to get human beings to want to do what you want them to do in an ethical and honest way is in fact the master key to writing your ticket in this life okay. I could list. I could go for hours listing all the things that these skill sets have allowed me to do all the things they've protected me from.

Okay. Click this link right. Now join the persuasion. Elite become one of the best in the world in the privacy of your own home and let me guide you on this.

P this journey of persuasion okay. Just click this link right. Now www. killer influence.com slgo www. killer influence.com slgo okay. Now for those of you who um are a little on the fence hey there's absolutely zero risk here all.

I'm asking you to do is click that link right. Now test this program these programs for a full 60 days if at the end of 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money closing more deals reaching that. Financial. Freedom confidence security if you're not winning in more social encounters hearing yes.

More and more and more and more just pick up the phone give. Moss or. Mia a call and let us help you if if you have any sticking points naturally because that's what we're here for. But if it's not working for you if you can't make it work.

Then we'll refund your money. But give it the 60 days right. Casey's saying take my money well. I'd rather take your investment.

Casey if that's okay. But go ahead and click that link right. Now reserve your spot and change your life right. Use these skills they they've changed mine they continue to change mine and.

I want to make a difference in your life and. I can't do that if you're not in the game. So let's get in the game flick the link right. Now ww killer influence.com slgo it's showing up in your chat there and for those of you who are fast action takers those of you who know you want the very best for yourself you know who you are if you grab your course today before.

I log off this webinar. I'm going to include these special fast action bonuses these bonuses are only good if you click the link and or call. Moss or. Mia now or email them now while.

I'm on the webinar when. I log off the webinar these fast action bonuses go away. So if you're ready let's jump in. First thing we're going to do is we're going to give you the most important one of probably the most important.

U bonuses that. I can give you the ability to practice we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring.

Practice. Group it's a 90-day trial you'll get access to our private. Facebook. Group you'll get access to our 13-year video archive and the way that.

The. Mastermind works is on the. Third. Saturday of every month people log in or if.

I'm doing it live because. I do them live now um in person people can come in and. I go around the room and. I say okay.

Uh. Mia what do you want to learn. Moss what do you want to learn. Seth what do you want to learn.

Jax what do you want to learn. Casey what do you want to learn. Melissa what do you want to learn. Mandy what do you want to learn.

Mindy what do you want to learn right. And. I write it all down on the board and. I take a step back and.

I look. At all the. Connecting. Threads.

I create a lesson plan for the group right. On the spot and. Then for the five or six hours four or five six hours that were online together or in the room together we drill we do drills on those skills until you can do them in your sleep the end of those four or five six hours you go home you out into the world you apply your skills you come back. Next month and.

I go about it again what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn we create the lesson plan and we drill and we skill you will not get a certificate from the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program what you will get is the chance and the opportunity to practice meet people like you who want to learn about the same things without feeling like a weirdo to get real world feedback from me more tailored training and the opportunity to practice over and over and over again and that my friends is the most important piece one of the. Gustavo just purchased welcome aboard my friend can't wait to see you um the most important thing.

I can tell you and this is something. I tell all my students and all of my uh all my students pretty much who come to the trainings for everything you get from me you're always going to pay twice or invest twice now let me explain that the. First payment is the capital the money you can always make more money that's the easy one it's the. Second payment that payment is time energy and effort that is the most important payment the the willingness to do the drills to roll up your sleeves and get the skills because that's what takes you from access to ownership and if you want to own these skills if you take the time to make the.

Second payment and you put the time and energy into these skills they become part of you and it becomes a skill set and a superpower that will serve you everywhere you go anytime you choose to use it and it's one that can never ever be taken away from you this is. Recession. Proof the tax man can't take it away from you the government can't put it away from you in fact it'll keep you out of government clutches more often than not right. For those you who have legal concerns these skills go a long way in in navigating those worlds okay.

But they're only as useful as your ability and willingness to put them into practice and that's why. I say the money is the easy part money is a renewable resource we can always make more. But time energy effort that's the gold that's the one that will take you from somebody who's a tourist to somebody who's. Unstoppable and when you're ready to do to make that change.

I'm here to help you every step of the way and that's exactly what the. NLP power master. Mastermind mentoring program is. For.

Now. The. Mastermind mentoring program has been running every month every year since 2010 it's literally been running for 13 solid years we've not only video we've not only done the training for 13 years we videotaped every single training and as a member of. The.

Mastermind program you have access to that entire 13-year archive and it covers everything from dating and attraction skills to. Advanced learning skills. NLP regression technology. Law of.

Attraction persuasion um energetics um psychic development uh manifestation if if if it's if it's something that you've seen face reading body language if it's something that you've seen on our. YouTube channel it's covered somewhere in those. Mastermind. Videos now because the.

Mastermind is me is member driven every month. I go in. I don't know what we're going to be doing until. I talk to the people.

So a lot of times you'll see a lot of repetition. But every now and. Then. I'll pull out a little nugget that's nowhere else and none of this almost none of this content has ever been seen on.

YouTube it's never been featured in any product you have 100% access to it for as long as you're a member in good standing of the. MLP power. Mastermind mentoring program it's an $891 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free okay. Uh total combined value is 9,372 we're also going to include for those of you who are kind of kind of on the impatient side like me.

I often make the joke that impatience is my superpower uh the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course uh and stealth actually stands for something believe it or not it stands for strategic um strategic suggestion through emotionally. Amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis right. It's almost like. Shield where.

I just think you wanted an acronym that spelled. Shield well maybe now the instant conversation hosis crash course was something. I developed many years ago and it was designed for people who want to learn hypnosis tonight and use it tomorrow it's a uh it comes with videos on instant and. Rapid inductions the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist uh a video called anchors in action which is all about.

NLP style anchoring hypnotic hot buttons uh some versions of this course actually come with the hidden. Laws of. Attraction mini course um there's seven there's five videos in there called instant influence uh which is me teaching the seven language patterns in a private home a. Meetup setting um there's comes with audios transcripts workbooks everything is designed to get you up and running using conversational hypnosis in the shortest amount of time possible.

So there's. MP3s you can listen to while you're driving there's workbooks that you can follow along and do writing exercises there's transcripts of the videos. So again it was designed specifically to give people a fast start. So literally you could watch two videos and a couple hours be out actually doing this stuff with live human beings it's a $997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you're one of the.

Next few people to actually click that link right. Now and uh and join the club okay. The total combined value is $1,369. But we're not done yet for the.

Next 21 people who register and if you've already registered you are among those 21 this offer is only good for firsttime buyers if you're not a first-time buyer reach out to. Moss and he will show you he will give you a separate plan for um taking advantage of this okay. We've instituted some policies regarding people taking advantage of um our generosity. So to speak.

So um if you if if you're not this is for firsttime buyers only okay. The link is uh can can you guys repost the link for. Dominic okay. Um for the.

Next 21 people to register today on. January 23d through the 27th 20 2 uh 4. I'm going to be conducting a five-day killer influence live covert sequence of covert hypnosis certification the program that was named the number one. NLP training program in the world since 2020.

I'm going be teaching a 5day certification and for the. Next 21 people who clicked that link right. Now you're going to get a front row seat you're going to get a free. VIP ticket to the 5-day training um completely free because.

I want want you to have every chance. I want you to have every opportunity to own these skills and there's no. Better way. I have found than to be in a room in a sealed environment with me and a few of my handpicked trainers and handlers being put through this entire program over and over and over again okay.

So during the five days you're going to get a full five hand full immersion training in. Hands-On we're going to teach you once again how to control your emot state of will. So nobody can push your buttons ever again how to think like a master of influence how to use the most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist how to emanate. Charisma on command how to approach and open large and influence large groups of people or one-on-one we're going to teach you the seven stage.

Universal persuasion protocol the five social hypnotic operators how to engineer environments um and use what we call uh embodied cognition and um um object relations. Theory to. Prime uh environments to be more conducive to your influence how to send emotions back and forth um how to use embedded commands analog markings quotes patterns. U the.

The. Meta programs and and and things of that nature let me just go back to my whole list just to give you guys a little bit of what we're going to be covering um here we go. So again. Rock.

Solid. State control. Power report techniques emotional bonding we're going to talk about how to bind the thoughts of others. So that thinking or doing one thing causes them also to do other things that you want them to do how to communicate directly with another person's subconscious mind and have them went eager and waiting to do what you want them to do and more importantly how to keep yourself from being affected by these kinds of things remember one of the things that.

I. I like to to pride myself on is this idea that. I'm a self-defense teacher right. And this course was called defense against the dark arts.

But the thing you need to understand is that in order to defend yourself against the weapon you need to know how to fight with the weapon and. So just having the ability to understand and use these skills allows you to protect yourself more powerfully and more consistently with them we're going to teach you how to hypnotize people during normal conversations and what that looks like this is important you see a lot of people think they know what hypnosis is. But conversational hypnosis out in the real world doesn't look. Anything like a stage show it doesn't look.

Anything like you see in a seminar room okay. All emotional states are trans. States and that's one of the areas where we can really start to see very very powerful gains in our life both in terms of our ability to use emotions effectively. But also to protect our emotions from being used against us.

So again conversation hypnosis looks different out in the real world than it does uh in a seminar room and we're going to sh we're going to show you and let you experience what that's like the core program is designed for anybody to be able to do it it's fast it's fun it's easy uh and there's no. BS right. Give us five days and you will be doing this like you were born doing it okay. Promise you total value is $3,150 we're going to give this to you absolutely free um total value of everything.

So far is $1 13,519 and let me tell you a little bit about the. VIP our. VIP ticket program let's say that um you were planning on coming to killer influence right. You click the link right.

Now to get the the. VIP ticket and. Then something happens at the. Last minute you can't you can't come to the seminar well that's fine just pick up the phone let.

Moss or. Mia know and we'll move you to the. Next killer influence training let's say that you can't go or you're not planning on going and. Then all of a sudden your schedule frees up at the.

Last minute. But the training is full you pick up the phone you let. Moss or. Mia know and we will find a seat for you we will literally make a seat for you because that.

VIP ticket says you get to go right. Even if it's sold out all we do ask is that you let us know as early as possible because we want to have the materials made ahead of time and. So the more we know about um this program you know about if you're coming or not um the better prepared we are okay. Also uh let's say between now and the.

Next time we do this course we raise the price well if you're a holder of this. VIP ticket it doesn't matter how much we raise the price you still get to come for free right. Because you took. The time to click the link right.

Now reserve your spot and get in our. VIP database you get to come to the. Next killer influence training that you can make okay. Let's say that you can't make it or you've had killer influence.

But you want to gift that. VIP ticket to somebody who you think could benefit from it you can transfer that. VIP ticket to somebody and they can come instead of you okay. And let's say it takes you two or three years before your schedule frees up enough that you can come to a training well that's fine this ticket is on as long as your name is in our database you have this ticket until you use it.

So it never loses value it doesn't expire you can gift it to people it gets you in the door even when the door's closed right. There's absolutely no. Reason not to click that link right. Now and reserve your ticket and it gives you five days of the most powerful covert hypnosis and.

NLP style training on the planet okay. Total value at the door is $3,150 yours free today total value of everything. I've talked about if you went through our website would be $1 13,519 okay. So let's just review really quickly what we got for you here right.

The secrets of human influence home study course $2,497 value defense against the dark arts $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free. Renegade reframing in the art of conversational belief change $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the. Charisma and version uh home study course for presenters and public speakers $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program $891 value free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course $997 value we're going to give that to you free and we're going to give you the. K the. VIP super ticket to the. Next 5-day killer influence certification boot camp 3,1 $50 value we're going to give that ticket to you free now some people.

Last. Last webinar. I um. I made an offer for people to come to our.

Next healing intensive if you currently have a. VIP ticket and you want to trade that up for the healing intensive we have a few slots left we will let you use your. VIP ticket for the healing intensive otherwise it's killer influence okay. So total package value is $3,519 you can get it all do the math folks 13 uh $997 investment or three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours right.

Now is click the link and go to www. killer influence.com slgo www. killer influence.com slgo click the link right. Now now the. Last three bonuses. The.

Mastermind training the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course and. Finally uh the killer influence. VIP super ticket those go when. I log off the webinar tonight they go away okay.

So again if you call um. Moss or email. Moss or. Mia and you leave your contact information and they reach out to you tomorrow you'll still qualify for some of these bonuses.

But if you call and you get the voicemail and you don't you won't get you won't you won't qualify for the fast action bonuses you may or may not still get get the webinar package depending on how nice they're feeling. But that's that's how it is okay. Okay. Um all right.

So here's uh what we're going to do really quickly is we're going to take a five minute a seven minute break let you guys finish up your packages remember click your links right. Now when. I come back we're going to join go into phase three of our webinar we're going to start looking at more defense against the dark arts applications or depending what you're asking me for we'll give you you know we'll we'll we'll tailor the. Next part of our our webinar towards the specific applications that you want to know most about.

So go ahead and uh click that link right. Now uh get your packages reserved www. killer influence.com go and. I will see you at [Music] 618 for okay. Guys we got about two minutes until we're back from our break you guys have any questions regarding the program the package or and of you got about minute and a half um type your questions in there and um and.

Then. I'll answer what. I can in the time that. I have and.

Then we'll go forward son says how much more. I got a hot date with a microphone coming up well you probably we've probably got another 30 45 minutes of training now that we're going into phase three. So if you need to go you catch the replay okay. Oops all right.

Let's go ahead and stop sharing and. So. Gustavo is saying. I would really like some help with stay control sometimes out of do.

I get paralyzing moments that is something is about to happen. I feel. So stuck in these moments. I can literally feel a few moments.

Later. I get unstuck and like whoa what was that about for that you're gonna need for that. Gustavo you're probably going to need the transformational. Triad.

Triad okay. So um frame frame color breathing and energy spinning those those should help you with that if you can regress to cause uh or get somebody trained in regression that would help you as well okay. Okay. So you're welcome guys um all right.

So we're in phase three we laid some some some really cool foundations in phase one of the webinar we' showed you how to get the entire system and all the bells and whistles that go with it now what do you want to know about where do you want to go for the rest of the training tonight what do you guys want to know most about you want to know more about influence and persuasion you want more about defensive tactics against the dark arts you want to what specifically you guys most want to know about um in this field this is your chance to really customize the training right. So go ahead type it in the chat. What's it gonna be defensive tactics okay. Covert conversation okay.

Dominic what do you mean when you say covert conversation defense okay. So since since obviously you're focused on the defensive aspects of this now now we have to go even more specific. What specifically do you want to know about in the context of protecting yourself from manipulation. What specifically do you want.

I mean because. I got. I got a list of about 21 different categories of stuff. So you tell me where do you want to go okay.

Okay. It's obvious people want more defensive tactics. But now give me situation give context okay. How to recognize it and avoid stop being manipulated okay.

Let's talk about that a little bit um. So. First and foremost one of the things that you're going to have to become aware of when it comes to defending yourself against predators is that there are different kinds of predators or different types of predation you have people who are are extraordinarily skilled and you have people who are just scum like. But they're they're like caveman no.

Pun intended right. With uh no. Offense to the crom magnon commercial and stuff like that my point is is that depending on the sophistication of the. Predator certain things are going to be harder to defend against than others.

So. Laura is asking about three magic question questions as a defensive tactic defense for empaths okay. Nan when you say defense for empaths what does that mean what does that mean who we def let's let's let's let's let's try a different tactic. So when a person tries to use your empathy to his advantage that's every predator on the planet narcissists okay.

We want to look. At narcissistic. Predators we can do that. So let's talk let's talk about social.

Predators defined okay. In case you thought. I wasn't prepared. So this is from uh this is actually from the defense against the dark.

Arch curriculum these are some of the one notes that. I use we find people emotional this is um this this is something. I got. I believe it was this is called the.

Golden. Rule of friendship this is something we. I talked about earlier now when we talk about the golden rule of friendship there's two ways this can work the good way or the bad way. So let me explain that the golden r of friendship tells us that we instinctively we instinctively find people emotionally attractive when they make us feel loved respected valued admired accepted and attractive.

Etc. But especially when they make us feel good about ourselves and this is this is the road that we have to begin to to understand social predators are going to punch this button and they're going to punch it hard one of the things that you'll see in especially in predatory relationships is what. I call a contraction of time or time distortion. So let me jump out of my.

PowerPoint really quick and talk about this you know being who. I am oops being who. I am and doing what. I do.

I get approached a lot by people who want to get close to me for purely selfish and predatory reasons and one of the things that. I learned after many years of of just observing the common characteristics is that. Predators tend to let's say it takes you you know three to six months for someone to go from from a. First meeting to a good friend that that that can vary from person to person let's say the average time is three to you know one to six months three to six months right.

Somebody who has a predatory agenda will want to compress that time frame in other words if they can take if they can go from perfect stranger to best buddy in a week they'll do that. So one of the things. I want you to start being aware of when you start scoping for. Predators is that they're going to come at you and they're going to give you good feelings they're going to just love bomb you with all kinds of sayings and compliments and things of that nature that are designed to give you positive feelings because they're going to hack the golden rule of friendship okay.

They're going to do things that make you feel good about yourself okay. Now a good person will do that too. So some other things that we want to start to look. For is we we we have to get our mind right.

First now narcissists are very very uh. Adept at this one of the things that narcissistic people are extraordinarily good at is making other people feel good now on the surface you would say well wait a minute a narcissist is all about himself right. The narcissist is all about you know uh they're the center of everything everything's because of them and that's true. But one of the things that.

U researcher. Wendy. Patrick in her book. Red flags which is required reading for killer.

INF defense against the dark arts by the way one of the things that researcher. Wendy. Patrick discovered was that narcissists in. June are extremely good at being likable they're extremely good at making other people like them to the point that even when people know that they're narcissistic in nature they still like them okay.

The question becomes because narcissism itself isn't necessarily a bad thing now we think of it as bad because we think about the people on the the deep end of the spectrum who have other antisocial personalities. But there's lots of narcissistic people out there who are are very positive influences in society even though it's all about them they still accomplish a lot of good things they do good things it's when the narcissism is in comp is in combination with other personality traits that it becomes a big problem right. Um and. So we have to understand that.

But one of the things that you need to understand is that if you want to protect yourself from these predators and we'll use narcissists as a catch all even though they're very different there a lot of them are different in their nuances one of the things you need to understand is they're all really really good at making you feel good about yourself at. First at. First okay. And.

Then they will start to chip away at your self-esteem they'll start to chip away at your. Social. Circles they'll start to chip away at anything that supports the the person you are and the identity you have okay. Now we still.

I'm. I'm. GNA go into social. Predators defin.

But every single one of them will start by pressing the. Friendship button in one way or another they'll start by pressing the. Friendship button and. Then they'll they're very good predators in general are very very good at reading people both in terms of body language and emotional vulnerabilities okay.

Well. Melissa the thing about narcissists in general is that they don't really take responsibility for their right. Uh and this is the one thing that you can you can you can take to the bank in in classic narcissistic behavior is that it's always if something goes wrong it's because of somebody else if something good happened it's because of them right. And most narcissistic people fall into into a category of personalities we call character disturbance and character.

Disturbed people don't find believe they are the problem uh. Wendy. Patrick's book. Why bad looks why bad looks good is actually a chapter in the book.

Red flags. Casey um. I highly recommend again if you're going to study the defense against the dark. ARS curriculum red flags is a great place to start.

But. I'm going to be upfront with you there's two ways you defend yourself against these people a you detect them before they get a foothold in your life or. B you you gain enough courage and backbone and will to stand up to these people and forcibly remove yourself from their life from remove them from your circle remove yourself from that environment the problem that we have is that the book. I you referenced.

Yes. Red flags the problem that you're going to have guys and. I use the editorial guys the problem that you're going to have is in a lot of these initial relationships you're not going to want to do that and here's what. I mean when people generate positive feelings in us whether they're whether they're engineered or a natural product of um being a nice person we tend to put this glow around a person we we experience a certain state with them and there's a part of us that there there's a phenomena that.

I teach in. CPI 2 called transportability when somebody is absorbed into a story or a narrative they go into this this. Trans. State it's a flow state right.

How many of you by show of hands in the chat have ever attracted to somebody that everybody in your family or your. Social. Circle hated and they told you all these things and you refuse to believe it male or female doesn't you've all done it we've all done it right. Some of us called beer goggles right.

But it's really a it's it's it's due to the oxytocin dump that these people have triggered in us it's a. Trans. State now the problem that you're going to have when you start profiling these people is that you're not going to want to break that trance the moment that those chemicals hit your system you're going to want to believe that the person in front of you is exactly what they represent themselves to be right. Um if we were doing lie detection we have this this principle known as um the truth bias right.

Where we instinctively want to believe that what people are telling us is the truth that's it's just harb bared into us when somebody presses the. Friendship button with you and they trigger that oxytocin release and that dopamine release and they're giving you all these feelings of validation it's going to cause a. Cascade of chemicals in your neurology that makes you like them why do you like them because they made you like yourself and we instinctively like people who make us feel good about ourselves okay. Hold on a.

Second. I think. I missed some comments here are you tracking me. So far right.

So if you want to if you want to go with level one of defense against the dark arts which is detection and profiling you have to understand understand that everybody who comes at you you have to assume is full of and. I hate that it shouldn't be that way. But you have to assume that everybody that you interact with is putting on facade and you have to have the willingness to investigate them yes. Greg it sucks it shouldn't be this way.

But again you guys aren't here because of the way the world should be you're here because of the way the world is okay. Now the good news is if you're even marginally or or relatively normally socialized the vast majority of people that you profile and you check out will pass muster they will be largely who they say they are. But it only takes one to ruin your life okay. So if we're doing lie detection there's this thing that you're going to have to deal with called the truth bias where the moment somebody says something we automatically want to want to believe that they're telling the truth we're inclined even if we have misgivings we're inclined to give them the benefit of the doubt because of that truth bias truth bias on top of the oxytocin or dopamine dump you get from meeting somebody new who makes you feel good about you that makes you feel heard understood recognized validated that's a heady cocktail okay.

And if you want to be successful in your profile you've got to be able to manage that remember what the. First the. First rule of the universal persuasion protocol is know your outcome control your state guess what you got to do here you got to control your state okay. So let's look.

At really quick um some of the some of the things that separate narcissists from sociopaths from. Mack. Val because the ones you really got to worry about. I don't really think are the narcissists and you'll see why in a minute.

I think the ones you got to worry about more are the sociopaths the melians and the. Psychopaths and. I'll tell you why because narcissism tend to be a trait that all of these antisocial. Mal adaptive character.

Disturbed people exhibit. So not all narcissists are. So sociopaths not all narcissists are psychopaths not all narcissists are. Mack of.

Elliots right. But sociopaths. MCU valan. Psychopaths all tend to have strong narcissistic qualities does that make sense even if it doesn't make sense that's what the research is showing are you guys tracking me.

So far okay. So let's look. At this really quick um and. Then what.

I think we should do is we should look. At victimology we should look. At okay. What what do these people sort for in terms of potential victims what is the psychology that they're applying and.

Then we'll look. At uh we'll look. At we'll take a brief overview of the flag system. So you can start creating a profile for people and.

Then we we'll see how much time we have left does that sound like a good a good place to start for you guys now going back to uh the question owes us about empaths one of the things that every every every charact category of these predators that we've talked about from the basic narcissist all the way down to the sociopath and the psychopath one of the things that they seem to be able to do kind of have an x-ray into your psyche they are very very. Adept at finding the emotional hot buttons and triggers that make you do things right. That's kind of what the. First phase of the grooming process is in addition to getting them to love you getting you to love them or like them or want to hang around with them they're they're profiling you they already have a profile going in.

But now have a template of who you are because you fit a certain profile that you're looking for and now once they get into your world they're going to take that template that they've they've been looking from and customize it. So they know exactly what buttons to push and how to push it and knowing which emotional buttons are going to give you the biggest away from and the biggest towards the chat is full. David come on say what the is going on with this guy all right. Anyway um.

So. Anyway how can you. Shield yourself from a profiler profile him back this is again you need to understand how to defend yourself against predators guys. I hate having to say this to you.

I really do to protect yourself against predators you got to know how. Predators think you got to know how. Predators think that can get a little scary one of the things that that. I have to do when.

I teach defense against the dark arts the live. First version is. I have to go off the deep and funny because some of this is just. So dark that it's a downer.

I love people love the class. But it's like you start pulling back the curtain on on some of these things it's fascinating. But it's dark right. I mean think about the think about this for think about the the response you just had when.

I started talking about having to actually um assume everyone you meet was full of think about the visceral response that you had just from the idea of that true or not true be honest did you suddenly feel icky right. You felt like you're a bad person exactly exactly character. Disturbed people. The.

Narcissist well the grandiose narcissist the sociopath the psychopath the they don't give a they don't give a okay. They're not troubled by that and that's something that you have to understand there's a lot a lot of these people are what we call couch broken couch broken means that the psychological uh profession has has deemed these people as damaged right. They're not they didn't come out of the womb lacking certain things something traumatized them or damaged them in such a way that now they're just broken and that's why they're the way they are and. So they treat these people like victims.

But these character. Disturbed individuals the melians the. Psychopaths the sociopaths they know that and. So they they've learned how to walk the walk and talk the talk they know exactly what what questions to answer on the test what catchphrases to use when they're in the room with a psychotherapist to get the minimum amount of sentence punishment possible okay.

They don't care and. So one of the things that. I'm going to. I'm going to put out there to you that if you want to protect yourself from these people you have to stop caring about why they are the way they are because they're not going to stop they don't think they're broken they think the world is broken and they're at war with the world right.

So. I'm not someone who is as much a. Healer as. I am when.

I'm teaching people to protect themselves. I don't care how they got to be the way they are what. I care about is what they're trying to do to me or the people. I love and that should be in my opinion where you come from as well right.

The inner game right. Now for you is actually more important than the outer game the techniques you need to understand our. Psychopaths rare not as rare as you would think they're not quite as they're not quite as prevalent as a sociopath aths sociopaths make up about 4% of the population. So if you want to read more on that there's a book.

Called snakes and suits that kind of pulls back the curtain on that. So sociopaths have what something called antisocial personality disorder um we're with. Society they don't they don't feel guilt they don't feel shame they don't feel um. BL they blame everybody else right.

They're they're not going to be they're at war with. Society uh machiavellians are uh extroverted and insincere and interpersonally duplicitous um these people tend to avoid detection through employing unique tactics of influence geared towards a specific situation they're very good at impression management um excellent people reading skills and enhanced attention to detail if the. Mach valians that you're most of the time are not going to see coming okay. You're not going to see them coming uh because they're very good at reading you sociopaths.

Psychopaths also have pretty good people reading skills. But they lack the impulse control that that a. McKellan tends to express or to elicit. So mackans will will leave people ruined behind them.

But they'll also tend to play the long game whereas sociopaths and. Psychopaths tend to have much lower impulse control. So one of the fast ways to profile these people is to check their history how many close friends do they have how long have they been on the job how long have they lived at the place that they're living one of the things that that um earmarks these people as potential. Predators is a migratory parasitic lifestyle they move a lot they don't stay in jobs very long okay.

And. So this is one of the things again when you meet somebody you have to be willing right. Um one of the things you have to be willing to do is check them out. I'm going to keep coming back on this because none of the.

I have literally days worth of material. I could teach you and none of it matters if you're not willing to actually do it okay. So the. First thing remember that everyone you meet is full of until you've proven otherwise now does that mean you be rude to that no.

It means you keep your distance you keep an extra level of aloofness and distance until they've proven themselves until you've checked them out what are the things you're going to check out a focus when they're with you what do they focus on dating context when they talk to you are they focused on your chest are they focused on your bank account are they focused on where you live right. Are they focused on the things that make that that you love what is their. Focus right. Right.

One of the things if you read. Dr. Patrick's book. One of the things that um uh a cop saw one day while he was walking along the beach he saw this guy taking pictures of of children and at the you know our.

P. But he was focused on the children and one of the things that you notice when when predators are and this again this from the child molester um. Niche when a when an adult is playing with a child all are they focused on the play or are they focused on the child subtle distinctions of focus will give you an indication of what a person's priority is. So what are they focused on right.

Um when you're at a dinner with somebody are they asking questions about your job how much you make where you live what kind of car you drive are they focused on your sex life like on. So tell me about you know your. Last boyfriend right. What are they focused on that's going to give you a really strong ination as to their motives what's motivating them to be in a relationship with you okay.

The. Next thing you want to look. At is lifestyle okay. This is where you have to go to like their social media you have to um look.

At the. P the pictures on their. Facebook. Page look.

At their. Instagram what are they posting are they are they are they all selfies right. Are they showing pictures of them with famous people right. What are the what's the quality of the things that they're posting are they posting about the bachelor parties are they posting about their their nieces.

Bar. Mitzvah or not yeah their nieces. Bar. Mitzvah yeah their nephews.

Bar. Mitzvah right. What is the quality of what they're posting on social media right. That can give you a pretty good indication of what's going on now keep in mind the really.

Adept. Predators they're going to have dummy profiles for everything okay. So again we're talking at a basic lowlevel you know pickup artist kind of a predatory and. I don't mean pred.

I don't mean pickup artists are bad people. But a lot of them are all about the illusion right. But the true predators of the world like the human traffickers and the the rapists and the the groomers right. They're going to go even deeper into that that.

Legend creation. But if you don't have even a basic place to start. Then you're not even you're you're just lost in the sauce right. So.

X had multiple profiles did not know about she had a lot again how how far down the rabbit hole are you willing to go right. So. Focus lifestyle do they do. Adrenaline.

Junkies one of the things when you when you look. At their life are they all about jumping out of airplane do they engage in high-risk. Behavior do they encourage you to do that right. One of the things you'll see about um social.

Predators is they're dopamine junkies they love high-risk. Behavior right. It takes a lot to get them excited. So is something that you'll see a lot low impulse control um.

High high-risk behaviors and they'll want to do those things uh. So lifestyle right. Um when you go out with them how much attention do they pay to you or are you just arm candy one of the things uh. Dr.

Patrick talks about uh this guy would had this was dating this girl and every time they went out he she was just like the the showpiece he would like completely ignore her he would show with this beautiful girl on and she felt completely objectified right. And. Then he got bored and he switched up and this this is what this guy would do right. Um.

So again how how much of a detective. Ive do you do you do you want to be right. Um. Psychopaths and general have a sadistic nature.

So how how how how mean are they right. It usually starts as little needles and and. Japs and things like that till they find out what really gets your goat and. Then they'll just start turning up.

Lees um all of these particular um character types can be very. Charming. So you have to watch out for that that uh now remember. Charming people are you know good people can be.

Charming too. But again if we start pting every. Charming person with the same brush we're gonna we're going to miss the ones that are going to hurt us. So is this helpful for you guys yes.

Or yes. Okay. So focus when they're out with you what are they paying attention to. Lifestyles right.

What kind of. Lifestyle do they they lead associations and groups okay. What kind of friends do they have what kind of groups to belong to right. Um look.

At their car do they have bumper stickers what kind of t-shirts do they wear right. And if you can and this is where it gets kind of it's again it gets kind of creepy. Can. You observe these people when they don't know you're watching them can.

You observe these people in a nonstop y way um when they think nobody's looking okay. I have stories. I could tell you which. I will never tell on a on a public forum of how.

I've tested this material. But um. So. Focus lifestyle.

Association groups what groups do they belong to right. Are they when they're out with you um are they are they anti-gun. But if you drive by one of their clubs there they got an. NRA bumper sticker on their on their bumper you know are they congruent with the image they're presenting right.

Focus lifestyle. Association groups now the more you like somebody the less you're. GNA want to do this let me repeat that because you're not going to believe me the more you like somebody the less you're gonna want to do it. But if you establish a formula a protocol a standard operating procedure that you use regardless of who it is when you go to meet someone when you're.

First meeting someone and you make that just how you do things you can eliminate the guilt because you only got to be right. One time right. Or wrong one time um. But.

I. I want you to establish think of it like a ritual right. Now keep in mind also depending on how you grew up and the environment you had growing up you can have templates installed you that will cause you to actually sort for people who are going to abuse you or take advantage of you. So if you keep dating the same person with a different face or getting into the same types of relationships with different people.

Then there's something in you that we need to tweak there's something we need to uncover and modify okay. So um real quick let me just give you a little quick reminder that um we still got the package available while. I'm still on the internet. So let me just do this really quick um.

So again once again the secrets of human influence home study course $2,497 value defense against the dark arts uh $1,997 value we're going to give this chree and a lot of the information that. I'm. I'm giving you we have a whole bunch more in the defense against the dark arts program uh. Renegade reframing how to overcome beliefs and change how to overcome limiting beliefs and change objections in seconds it's $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free.

Charisma and conversion $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free the. NLP. Mastermind mentoring trial membership $891 value and the 13-year video archive uh absolutely free you're going at the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course $997 value absolutely free and. Then.

Finally the killer influence. VIP super ticket uh 5 days live event in. San. Diego.

California. January 23rd to the 27th uh 2024 $3,150 value it's available those. Last three are available until. I log off the webinar the rest are available until 11:59 p.m. tonight.

Pacific time the total package for this is $3,519 you can get it all for $997 or one one small investment or you can do it in three smaller. Investments of just $39 7 each just go to click the link to killer influence.com slgo. HTTP www. killer influence.com forgo if uh if if my lovely moss and. Mia can post those links.

So people can click on those links again let's talk about victimology actually no. Before we do victimology let's do something else let's talk about predat the the five-phase. Predator protocol this is uh this is what every single one of these. Predators is going to do with you hold on a.

Second uh where are you okay. Me go to my my screen here okay. So what you're seeing on your screen make this a little bit bigger here is a. Formula that.

Dr. Patrick discovered called the five phase uh attract she calls it the psychology of. Attraction. But.

I like to call it the five-phase emotional dependency triggers okay. Every single. Predator that you're going to encounter. I'm still on my offer really am.

I no. I'm not okay. Okay. So there's five phases to this let me scroll down the.

First one is pro the proactive phase everyone that you meet that's a predator has spent an inordinate amount of time studying you now when. I say you what. I mean is they know they have con instructed an avatar of their perfect victim they know where you eat metaphorically or editorially speaking they know what you where you dress where you hang out or don't hang out where you would like to hang out where you don't like to hang out they understand what kind of family you grow up in more likely not and they've created a template that they're looking for they're sorting for we call this phase the proactivity phase as an influencer you need to understand that the proactive phase is where you gather intelligence about the person or group of people you want to be working with right. If you're doing marketing for example if you go if you study marketing you'll hear marketers talk about what's your.

Niche who's your avatar oh my avatar is a 35y old divorced mother of three trying to start a business from home that's your avatar right. Think of the thousands and thousands if not millions of people who fit that. Avatar right. Predators are going to do the exact same thing.

But what are they looking for they're looking for people with low self-esteem they're looking for people who are greedy they're looking for people who are desperate for. Vindication and validation who dress a certain way who idolize certain types of people right. One of the things you'll read in. Dr in.

Patrick was a lot of these these uh like these uh these guys who like to go after young girls and stuff they will hang out in video games video game chat rooms and they will they will know the bands they will know the jargon they will know the talk they will be able to talk with somebody that age to gain identification which is the. Next phase right. Um they'll know how to dress they'll know what kind of clothes to wear what kind of jobs to have all of these things are designed to bypass your filters right. To tap into your natural cognitive biases.

But the. First thing they're gonna you understand these people don't care about how many times they get rejected because to them it's a numbers game if they target you because you fit a profile and they can't succeed with you. Next. Next.

Next and it's just numbers to them right. As they get better at what they do because these people the really the really nasty ones they get better the hit rate starts going up rate starts going up. But they start with a template and they go to they go to what we call target-rich environments they go to places where people who fit that profile hang out okay. You need to understand that the chance meetings you happen to have from time to time to time they may not be.

So chany right. There were times when. I was. I'll give you a little bit there have been times when.

I was hired back in my. Darth snd days to go undercover and. INF people and. I had to engineer chance meetings okay.

I didn't do it a lot. I did it mostly to see if. I could actually do it. I did it well actually my point is is that a lot of times the chance meetings especially where these predators are concerned the chance meetings the lucky fancy running into you here kind of things they're not they're not accidental okay.

But a lot of these. Predators know that we have what we call the karma button or the destiny button um one of my more colorful colleagues in the seduction used to talk about the destiny tactic where you find commonality with somebody and they say oh my. God you did this. I this almost like we were destined to meet right.

And that whole. This was meant to be kind of a thing it's a hypnotic operator and it will just cause people to to open up to you and become more suggestible it's it's really funny when you. I've seen it work it's stupid right. It's it's again little things like it's again it's it's it's the little things you got to watch for.

But the proactive phase is something you all need to understand what you're doing right. Now in a good way is being proactive you're learning about how these people think feel and operate what kind of tells that they have that lets you know this is not somebody that. I want in my life right. You're being proactive.

So the the te the technology isn't the problem it's the use it's being put to that's the problem you're the good guys that is true there's a lot of people who do this stuff unconsciously they're natural gifted predators right. But this is the beauty of. NLP and why it's such an important piece of everybody's um ability to self-actualize is that. NLP was the science of figuring out what people do that makes them effective at what they do that they don't even know that they're doing and making it learnable if you want to know the real beauty of what bandler and grimler gave to the world was that yes.

The influence and the communication skills are amazing off the charts. But it's the ability to extract things and create a model that other people can learn and use that was the true goal that gave access to everything. I'm teaching you like in a lot of what. I'm teaching you here.

I'm not teaching you. NLP. I'm teaching you applications that use. NLP.

But. I use the. NLP modeling and extraction process to create that for you right. So there's a difference.

So. But the. First thing we want to look. At is proactivity right.

They're going to profile you you need to profile profile them it's that simple what's the. Next phase. Then uh let's let's look. At um profiling really quickly give you some examples of um what this might look.

Like um. So. I give you examples and we talked about some of these uh the person is going to spend an inordinate amount of time profiling casing and exemplifying everything that is important important to the. Target they identifi target.

Rich environments where these kinds of subjects can be found and they will set staging in background dummy social media they'll take on the identity that is attractive to the victims the. Next we're going to talk about is identification and emotional appeal let's talk about identification. First identification is uh you're like me okay. Yeah this is what it says you're just like me.

So. I like you that's it. So what does this look. Like when people have things in common they start checking boxes you guys remember you guys remember the echo technique yes.

Or no. You guys remember the echo technique how does the echo technique work how does the echo technique work type it in the chat how does the echo technique work oh he's asking questions. I didn't expect that repeating their words what happen when you do that what happens when you give a person's words back to them you get report okay. We're alike ah aon's eron's getting there we're sending what we're sending irresistible messages to a person's nervous system that says.

I'm just like you. I'm just like you and we're doing it in a way that triggers. I hear you. I'm paying attention to you.

I approve of you and that my friends is every human being's. Achilles heel every human being is moving through the world desperate to be heard seen approved of validated and connected with right. It's an identification tactic okay. Now.

I gave you the the ethical and honest and human way to do that technique. But. I also want you to understand what you're doing on a principle level this is why people can't not respond now stop for a moment and think about what somebody who has no. Regard at all for the well-being of the person they're using this on could do with that technique think about it for a moment right.

Why is this. So important regardless of how you feel about racism and bias and and all of these things. I don't talk about the way the world should be. I talk about the way the world is every nervous system on the planet is bissed every nervous system on the planet is moving through the world looking for one thing itself itself when you feed back to that nervous system as many things that are like itself as possible it goes into a profound state of connection and.

Rapport okay. That's the identification principle this is. So pervasive that. Alexander penin in his research on honest signals and for those of you who don't know what honest signals are um you'll learn about them in uh defense against the dark arts killer influence and um.

Charisma and conversion honest signals are four channels of human communication that are largely non-verbal that are present in any form of competitive human social engagement one of the most powerful ones is a phenomena that penin called mimicry mimicry is another way of saying identification when you take on the gestures the tonality the speech patterns the clothing styles of somebody else that single point of connection creates a deeper level of and and um comfort with that individual pendin goes on to talk about say for example you go to the mall you buy this really cool watch or handbag or a pair of shoes and for some mysterious reason you decided to take public transportation that day and you get on the bus or the subway and you look. Down the aisle and there seeing on the seat is someone with the exact handbag or the exact watch or the exact pair of shoes that you just purchased maybe even wearing if you notice that the chances of you going and sitting close to that person and starting up a conversation with them go up astronomically now this is the research human traffickers one of the ways that they lure people into these unhealthy situations is they will have a young girl and they will won't case their victims they'll track their they'll track a certain personality profile we'll talk about some of the things that they look. For in a minute. But they'll track that person and they'll watch how the person dresses they'll watch what what her rituals are what stops they make.

So let's say that you know this girl walks the same path from from school every day she fits the profile they'll take another girl dressed very very similar to the one they want to attract they'll watch her go in let's say she stops at the convenience store right. They'll. She'll follow him convenience store and she'll watch what that girl buys she'll watch everything that that girl picks up she'll do the exact same thing and. Then when the girl goes to check out she'll accidentally bump into that person and start up a conversation about all the things that they have in common and that starts the bonding process and.

Then over time that lure will start to maneuver that potential victim into to meet somebody else who takes it to a different level and a different level and a different level okay. These are very diabolical. But this is how these people are hacking these principles everything around you is utilizing these principles every political campaign every media. Outlet every social there there's levels of this going on.

So if you're not using them you're at the disadvantage okay. But this is the identification f how much like you can. I become because if you're just like me you're just like me. So.

I like you right. Echo technique moves us along that path really really quickly. But it's even more powerful because what happens what what does the person start to do when you. Echo them what do they start to do they open up they start doing what telling you about their lives they give you more and more information well guess what the the the.

Predator does with that information they fill out the profile they find the hot butts and they start creating the. Next phase which is what emotional appeal they find out what the emotional needs of that subject are a possibility and how they go about getting those emotional needs met visually auditory kinesthetically behaviorally are they lonely are they isolated are they attractive and feeling objectified are they smart or creative and feeling ignored are they feeling persecuted right. What is their dominant primary need based on the environment and context in which they're interacting right. What if what is their home life like what are the fans and family these are all things that they will start to ild into the interaction to make themselves more emotionally appealing to the.

Target okay. So let's look. At what we've got. So far activity they've got a template identification.

I like you you're just like me. So. I like you right. How many things are they have in common what what sess can they create what do they emotionally want and desire what makes them emot what are they emotionally attracted to how can.

I build those things into the. Avatar that. I'm creating the impression management that. I'm doing what activities what places what what are their hopes and dreams right.

Emotional appeal. Next thing that's going to happen is they're going to look. For ways to gain credibility in that person's world what is their social status job um image um. Financial ability all of these have a lot of status to them right.

Do they are they religious are they a a preacher coach teacher are they an expert um an activist of or a you know a celebrity right. These are all things can these methods short circuit a predator agenda yes. Once you understand it and you know what to look. For and sort for now you know where to start looking and looking for the things that don't add up right.

Ha the jokes on you being liked makes okay. I didn't say being liked. I didn't say that. Jeff said being like you right.

If. I if you're wearing a uh use an example if you're wearing a. Yankee t-shirt and. I'm not saying you would and.

I'm wearing a. Yankees hat guess what we're going to talk about there's a point of commonality the more things like you. I. I embody the more comfortable you feel with me right.

That's what that's what identification is right. Not about liking yet it's about. Comfort. But that leads to liking more often than not.

So these are things that like. The credibility phase is where this person start to raise their status raise their. Authority level rais the level of um validation that their words have right. You know here's a you know you guys all remember faly right.

Remember how much credibility we gave him at the beginning right. And it lasted quite a while in spite of all efforts to the contrary. FY the guy who gave us the original uh. I guess he was head of the.

CDC or something back in the co days my point is is that predators are going to look. For ways to boost credibility a title doctor. Professor. Reverend right.

Instant credibility teacher preacher college professor celebrity social influencer right. And the more legally valid the credential the more credibility anyone in un yes. Right. You'll learn about these and killer influence because these are all things that you have to manage okay.

So proactivity identification emotional appeal credibility. Last. But not least affirmation affirmation is. I agree with you.

I approve of you. I support you okay. This is used a lot in interrogation. I don't.

I don't have the. I don't have the template for the interrogation protocol that. I would. I teach on this slide.

But the idea here is when you're when you're getting somebody to admit to things that they that they shouldn't be admitting to. You're. Gonna you're gonna uh rationalize socialize empathize minimize and um emphasize the truth. So what you're going to do is you say look.

I you know. I completely get why you you know you went after that girl right. I mean she was wearing a short skirt she was obviously advertising and. I don't blame you in the least.

I don't really care. But. I have to you know. I have have to pretend like.

I do my job. I completely support you. I just need to find out what really happened right. These are things that an inter an interviewer an interrogator would do to to actually make you feel more comfortable like you're their.

Ally. So that you'll actually admit to things that you wouldn't right. But it's it's part of affirm right. So the idea is when when because.

Predators often. Target loners or people who are social. Misfits a lot of times these people are getting picked on they're getting bullied they're getting judged and and and criticized by everyone around them and they'll get into conversations with these potential victims and say you know what they are just such. I can't believe that they did that to you.

I believe you're totally right. In how you feel about them. I would. I'm behind you 100 per. right.

Instant. Ally instant. Al that's how it works the affirmation phase basically is. I agree with you.

I approve of you. I support you you're right. They're wrong right. And this is one of the things you need to understand human beings are con no.

Matter what the context where they feel under assault are constantly looking for allies they're constantly looking for any form of connection and protection okay. It's a reptilian response okay. After credity. So when you have all five of these things active at the same time it creates what we commonly refer to as an inbalanced power.

Dynamic this person you started here and now their status in your world keeps going like this and they become increasingly emotionally dependent on you right. And it's extremely powerful mind control formula that all these social predators are using to in some form or not like the the individual techniques might vary uh from. Predator to. Predator.

But that's the five ingredients of the persuasion trainings that they're using those are the five things that that lead to the greatest degree of of malleability in a in a subject okay. So before we go on to the. Next piece which is victimology. I'm going to give you guys one.

Last chance chance to to grab your package right. Just go to the secrets of human influence home study course. U it's 20 $2,497 value defense against the dark arts once again um $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing instant conversational belief change and objection.

Mastery when any argument on command home study course for $1,997 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. Charisma and conversion uh hit. IC influence training from the stage for presenters uh $1,997 welcome aboron grab you joined love you uh we're going to give you the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring three-month trial you can do that virtually or in person depending on where you live it's an $891 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course. Viet at $997 going to give that to you free and. Finally you're going to get the five-day. VIP uh super ticket to the live training in.

San. Diego. January 23rd through the 27th um $3,150 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free now why are we doing this because. I know what these techniques can do right.

I. I design the program for you. So you could learn it from home. But the there's an even better way to learn it grab your tick click the link right.

Now get your. VIP super ticket come to the training in. January and. Then when you go home and you start watching those vide you will see at a whole different level.

I designed this for you. So you can learn it from home. But. I know from experience from doing this for 10 20 years that if you do the live training.

First and. Then go back and watch the videos you're going to see a whole different world right. Both ways work. I want to make sure that you get to win no.

Matter how you choose to learn this material it's a deep deep well we've made it fast we've made it easy we've made it fun and in this world just a little bit of the best of the rightly applied information can can create the difference between night and day right. Thank you. Zachary says is 100% correct on that. So the total value is$ 13,519 you get it all for just one installment in 9.97 and three easy installments of or three easy insts of 97 just click the link right.

Now click it now www. killer influence.com and uh get your package moss and. M are waiting if you have questions email them call them get on the phone get your packages now because once. I'm done with victimology. I think we're pretty much done with the we already a little bit overtime.

But. I just wanted to uh. I want to make sure you guys come away knowing that there's there's a world out there of power and influence and protection and and techniques to keep yourself safe. But there's a mindset that goes with that and.

I'm good at what. I do. But. I can't multiply zeros if you don't take actions.

I can't help you multiply them. So click your links get the trainings start going through the material reach out to us and let us help you become the best version of yourself okay. All right. So let's talk about let's go back to phase one of the um the.

Predator protocol as. I call and that's the proactive phase. So what are some of the things that that these these bad guys or girls let's let's be honest even though the percentage of of female. Predators is fairly smaller based on the stats with the science they're out there and.

I think there's actually more now than there was um. I. I blame a lot of social media for that um. I blame a lot of the.

Hollywood movements for that. But blame is. So it's the problem that we have and. So.

So let's talk about victimology let's look. At some of the things that. Predators might sort for and as we go through the list if any of these apply to you start looking for ways to uncheck that box okay. So let's go with that okay.

So let's talk at. VI victim how narcissist sociopaths mackill and mind control. Cults select their targets. First of all understand that vulnerability equals suggestibility there are six levers that will actually maximize a person's vulnerability to hypnotic mind control one of those is ssrr prescriptions okay.

If you're on selective serotonin reuptake. Inhibitors. Um this can dramatically impact um your openness to suggestion or um types of interventions that would make you more suggestible recent deaths in the family right. Grifters and conar love to hang out in support groups okay.

History of mental illness right. This is something again. I you got to remember that predators are predators always look. For the weak meet they always look.

For the the the greatest return with the least amount of investment right. Recent divorce or end of a relationship this is when people are at their most vulnerable especially especially when it comes to divorces one of the reasons that um divorce is such a a power catalyst is that there's two things that people use as building blocks of their identity you learn about this when you come to killer influence um we talk about three magic questions protocol we talk about location occasion we talk about career passion and um profession or or or fun in. American cult or in. Western culture in general you are what you do.

So let me explain that if. I go up to somebody at a at a networking event or um a wedding re uh reception or something. I get in a conversation say. So.

I'm curious what do you do for a living that person will look. At me and they'll say well. I am an accountant. I am a uh tailor.

I am a teacher. I am a daycare manager right. So anytime you hear the words. I am what you're hearing is an identity statement identity statements are beliefs about ourselves that we have accepted as to be as much a part of who we are and what we are as your arm or your leg okay.

So for example if you went if you woke up one day and you had a pain in your arm and you went to the doctor and the doctor did a biopsy and they found a gangrenous lesion that had spread throughout the limb and the only to save your life was to cut that arm off right. It's too two basic choices keep the arm and die or cut off the arm and live most of us would say. Okay. Lose the arm.

But we wouldn't feel good about it we would would we would look. For every possible alternative to keep the arm okay. You guys following my metaphor. So far anything that follows an identity statement is an aspect of yourself that you have accepted is as much a part of you as your arm or your leg.

So when people say. I am an accountant that profession is as much a part of their identity as their arm or their leg follow me. So far the only other place that. I have seen in my studies where that level of identification takes place is in marriage and.

Mar marital relationships long-term relationships what happens over time we go from. I and you to we and that we becomes me okay. So when that when that relationship dissolves we don't know who we are anymore because we've lost at least half of ourself okay. Because we've become identified with that relationship and when your identity anchors are gone when all the things that support your sense of who you are and your place in the world are gone you are wide open you are wide open for anything gets you out of it okay.

If you ever get involved in certain mind control. Cults one of the. First things they're going to do is love bomb. The.

Living. Daylights out of you and. Then as soon as they can they're gonna whisk you off to some location that you can't contact your friends your family your loved ones and they're going to start to not only create a physical distance between all of your support systems they're going to create emotional ones as well they're going to start a doing things that force you to alienate the people around you because those are the things that support your sense of who you are and your identity and when your sense of identity is gone you will become anyone or anything to survive and that's where you get. Stockholm syndrome you get these horribly abused people who love and support and and feed on the people beating them this is why when child molesters are caught and they go to prison a certain percentage of the people who were their victims stay in contact with them okay.

Your identity the identification principle is pervasive in every form of human interaction and. Endeavor and if. I. I can undermine that or or enhance it.

I'll have you okay. So recent divorce or end of a relationship this is why this is such a vulnerable time for people recent financial problems recent loss of credit people start to get desperate they don't know who they are anymore because all their support systems are dissolving right. And now they're in that that very vulnerable place history of seeking help from suicide prevention lines if you're high on the neuroticism scale and you're you're over socialized and overreactive to social cutes you'll be calling these hotlines left and right. Because you think there's something fundamentally wrong with you and.

So you will be much more open to people who are willing to extend that help to give you that comfort that affirmation and that validation and if they have a certain level of credibility in your world boom they'll. Co-op they you'll become they will become your source of support and you will like a like a baby on a nipple that's where it comes from imbalance power. Dynamic and now all of a sudden they just start whittling away what's left of your self-esteem making more and more dependent more and more emot more and more emotional appeal until only sense of self you have is based on what comes out of their mouth okay. Um people with a history of a few close friends loners right.

People who are looking are looking or detached from their family desire for notori notoriety attention seeking behavior these are also things that will flag you to the um percept. U um perspective. Predator right. History of section okay.

So if you check any of to uncheck some idea any question oops sorry about that you guys back my my internet spontaneously. Rebooted okay. Apparently the. Predators are out to get me they're trying to keep they're trying to keep me from teaching you this information.

But we're gonna beat them all right. All right. Well listen. I think that's my queue from the universe hurry up and click that link before they ban us before they visit us at the night time and burn down our houses right.

Click the link right. Now www. killer influence.com go all right. Remember secrets of you and influence home study course2 2497 defense against the dark arts $1,997 value absolutely free. Renegade reframing $1,997 value free prisman conversion $1,997 value free uh.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program $891 value yours free stealth instant conversation osis crash course 997 value free and. Finally the five-day killer influence. VIP boot camp now remember if you want to if you grab one of those.

V tickets and you want to trade it in for uh the healing intensive the week before we will let you do that. But uh in the meantime please take this material study it go back rewatch this video multiple times right. Because you're gonna find you missed right. When you get your programs start at the beginning and move right.

Through to the end if you have questions reach out to. Moss or. Mia and help let them help you walk through whatever sticking points that you have if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to getting the life you want the way that you want it let us know and we'll refund you will refund your tuition you have no. Risk here guys change your life now click those links and.

I'll see you on the other side in the words of the immortal. Cali. Beret. I'm.

So glad we have this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night my friends. God bless stay safe out there profile everything click the link. I'll see you the other side good night.
