Title: Energy Psychology of  NLP - Law of Attraction and Manifestation Techniques
File Name: O3X1gynIJZs.txt
Video Id: O3X1gynIJZs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3X1gynIJZs

So when you're the the universal persuasion formula we call it cpi which if you uh in nlp do they talk to you about critical path at all okay. Who who are you training with stephen g jones no. It's actually through the internet online is that one of the udemy courses or something like that okay. Everybody and their brother's teaching and certifying an nlp unfortunately what they're mostly selling you is a certificate that doesn't mean anything because they're not actually giving you the skill set which is a problem i taught hypnotists and nlp and nlp practitioners for free for 10 years okay.

Just to get better at it myself um i would go to somebody whatever you learn as far as nlp goes it won't hurt well i shouldn't say that. But as long as you understand it theoretically that's fine okay. The problem is in application all that breaks down because it's too much information it's too much information and there's no. Critical path in other words you have the milton model you have the satire model you have the meta model you have to do things in a certain sequence in order to exert influence well in anything well nlp is persuasion it's it's a it's a way of actually stealing information from other people putting it in a packageable sellable or transferable form and.

Then installing it that's really what nlp where nlp came from right. But we took. Those ideas from nlp we took. Those ideas uh that that bandler and grindler took.

From computer modeling actually and we applied it to different professionals in different areas and we got these models and that's what became nlp was the. First set of models that banner and gridler found he studied of course everybody knows virginia satire most people know who milnerickson was right. Fritz pearls you know these are the big three and there was a guy named dave dobson who most people don't know about there was moshe feldenkrais and they modeled a lot of the physical based nlp stuff from moshe feldenkrais and if you ever go to one of richard's trainings they actually have a whole master prac applica module focused specifically on body stuff with nlp which you don't see a lot right. And.

Then. So what you've got here is the complete inner and outer workings more or less of each of these therapists right. So they're not this isn't just a piece this is a whole system this is a whole system this is a whole system right. Now each of them had an overlap there were things where they overlapped and there were things that they did differently the things that set them apart that allowed them to have the biggest the biggest amount of impact with their clients when nlp was put together they took.

Everything they put it in one big bag they came up with some presuppositions things you have to assume in order to make it work and they say here have some right. But they don't tell you where to begin they don't tell you what to do. Next right. They don't they don't separate in a very clean way um what what is you know what are the different categories of the world according to david is a little bit different because i have a very low boredom threshold and a very even lower tolerance for right.

So when i started learning and and working on cpi and and uh what it's called cpi which originally stood for conversational persuasion and influence. But it was also based on what i call the critical path the critical path is a i think it's an engineering or cybernetics term that basically describes the least amount of steps necessary to accomplish a result the omission of anyone stops the whole process from happening right. Which in nlp is analogous to the concept of what they call elegance the concept of elegance in nlp is the ability to to get the change with the least amount of effort right. Which is where the problems start which don't get me on starting on that.

But um because most nlp most neuro-linguistic programmers confuse eloquence with elegance they use big long ass words that the average person can't understand they tend in spite of their training to make the client wrong and they become a slave to the dictionary definitions of words rather than focusing on the client's usage of the word right. You talk about cpi you have state control which goes back to you know answering your question the. First thing you ever want to do is control your state. Then you want to get rapport.

Then you want to use your language or control your language. Then you want to manage the other person's state. Then you want to jump into any processes that they have that are native to them that you can elicit or further through some other way extrapolate on. Then you want to target their criteria and values you want to target the emotional reasons for why you want them to do what you want them to do okay.

You can apply this anywhere from a group dynamic like we're in now all the way down to one-to-one interactions it doesn't matter if it's the boardroom the classroom the bedroom and all points in between you're going into a persuasion situation you don't know what to do. First thing control your state. Second thing get rapport. Third thing control your language fourth thing use the following the previous three to manage the subject's state.

Then jump into their processes and target their emotional reasons for wanting to do what you want them to do ally with that and they'll do whatever you want out of default that's pretty simple that's eight that's eight days of nlp training maybe right. There right. I had to figure this out myself because i was jumped i was thrown into the deep end of the pool just like everybody else right. And i went off into the wilderness to figure this out i got lucky i had really great teachers who could show me and exemplify bits and pieces of this system that i could take out in the field and get my butt kicked or it would work or sometimes both.

But not necessarily in that order. But that's your system and you're going to find out as we get into the law of attraction stuff today it ain't that different when we're working law of attraction and vibrational influence as it isn't working interpersonal influence because a human being is a microcosm of the universe and if it's going to work within the human system it's going to work on a macro level as well right. It's really cool actually um. But uh.

So that's kind of what i would talk about if you're gonna use nlp this is what you need to do in terms of exerting influence. But there's three cat in the world according to david now you won't find this in any nlp book. But this is how i do it in the world according to david you can divide all this stuff into three categories okay. And if anybody's interested we do have an nlp training and certification coming up in october if anybody wants to do that normally i don't let anybody into my nlp training until they've been through my hypnosis class because if you want to really be a kick-ass hypnotist you got to be really good at hypnosis once you're good at hypnosis you can do anything a neurolinguistic programmer can do better okay.

Yeah you want to piss off a neural linguistic programmer tell them tell them their hypnotist they get really pissed okay. But if you want to think about it in terms of simplifying how to categorize your technique right. Your technique by the way this is not the seminar this is the pre-seminar all of the stuff that you learn in nlp can be put into one of three areas that overlap you think of you know whatever you know what a venn diagram is yeah okay. So you have you have skills elicitation you have skills of observation or in some cases calibration okay.

And. Then you have skills of installation that's it everything that you learn in nlp can fall into one or more of these categories when you organize them this way it gets easy er okay. It's a big body of knowledge installation control your state get rapport control your language manage their state blah blah blah when you're eliciting guess what you got to do you got to control your state you got to get rapport right. But you have to learn to once you're in the state that allows you and nlp calls it up time by the way it's a state of heightened sensory awareness right.

It's something you have to develop right. But it's a state and you have and most people don't really ever develop it. So they don't really get the level of control about it or that they would like to right. But once you're controlling your state you can and you know what kind of questions to ask now we're into what nlp calls for you the meta model right.

This is where we're going to attack people's beliefs we're going to break apart the deletions the distortions of generalizations that their neurology created in order to streamline the information processing system which is also causing the problems. So we have to elicit we have to ask questions we have to pay attention to the responses decide what we're going to do instead and. Then install it right. And it doesn't really matter what the situation is now after a while richard just got tired of eliciting he just said screw it i'm just going to write it to the hard drive.

So we just went full blown observation installation right. Why because your neurology just like a good computer can run any software it can run any strategy or program that you can describe it can run it okay. So after a while richard stopped worrying about eliciting how they did things and just started writing using his language using his other non-verbal skills he just wrote it right. To the neurology more often than not though he would slam him into transfers orthodox orthodox hypnotic induction you ever go to see richard you'll and i don't recommend as a beginner you go see richard i recommend you go get certified get trained with some other people get some chops i certify under richard too.

So you can always huh he might be he might be. But uh. But once you have some chops once you have some experience and you've been playing with this stuff for a while go see richard just to watch him install in people right. That's what half of them go for.

Anyway half the people go to room just for the. First half of the day where they just richard just sits there and programs you of course people are on their 80th and 90th return trip i'm starting to wonder about the wisdom behind keeping going back there. But uh. But my point is is that we're all at different levels and the fastest way to keep somebody stuck is to not give them enough information or way too much.

But unfortunately a lot of the way most nlp trainers are working and the way that information is organized there's no. Critical path it's all just here have some they're make the words too big too long the processes are too complicated to elicit and they miss the power they miss most of the power which you're going to learn about tonight which is in the body right. The power to create the power to manifest is locked in your body and once you understand it everything else you've learned up to this point you'll either throw out or will get ten times more powerful it's pretty much how it's going to work that's a big that's a big claim. But i'm known for making big claims and.

Then going beyond even that. So hold on to your buds we got about five minutes before it's zero hour does this room have leprosy or something right. So what do you guys want to learn tonight it's your night right. You all came out braved the erratic starting at the back of the room if you could get one or two things that you could take home tonight that would make the whole trip worth 10 times the price of admission what would it be gabby would you're just here for the beer right.

How about you call us it's carlos right. Huh attract money i'm good with that how about you huh yeah getting ready blocks cool law of attraction meetups always wind up turning into getting rid of block sessions which is not a bad thing okay. And we'll talk about why that's true uh you sir what's your name dj g gj all right. Cool what do you want to get out of here this weekend tonight think uh you want to get you want to get a freight i can do that get rid of fears all right.

Is it fear a block part of it yeah how about you what's your name darren aaron you look. Familiar you've been here before darren no. You haven't been oh i was there focus and get rid of distractions i have a whole speech on focus how about you people you always got to sleep actually which one did they hit blocks blocks and fierce okay. I didn't get your name though what's your name kathy right.

How about you sir what's your name scott scott is this your. First time with us cool for just to show events for how many people here is this your. First time experiencing the madness that is david okay. Cool you guys like to have fun okay.

Because i don't want any hypno. Sticks up your butts you know what i'm saying we'll get to that in a minute all right. That's the. Second class right.

Last. Last class i had they were a little slow they went up walking funny how about you man what do you want to get out tonight fears a little more emotionally balanced okay. Cool i like this already how about you box any particular block you want to get rid of all of them let's just go for the gusto all right. Letting go of what specifically there's a meta model question attachments oh can you share what you're attached to that you'd like to get rid of um oh okay.

Very good point notice there's a theme you ever notice there's a theme right. How about you ma'am yes. You the lovely blonde lady what's your name izzy what do you want finding and keeping motivation to do what specifically eat haagen-dazs and sit on the couch what kind of motivation would you like to find set goals and keep them okay. Motivation another dangerous word okay.

John oh he's just here for the candy by the way speaking of which there is a ton of kid cats over there eat as much as humanly possible because i also do weight loss it is a manifestation workshop lots of coffee drink as much as you can you're going to need it not because we're boring. But because i am going to jack up your brains. So much tonight it's going to be dribbling out your ears in a fun playful way right. But the idea tonight is to have an experience the idea tonight is to teach you normally uh i didn't know how many people i would have.

So on sometimes sometimes when i do a an energy healing meetup or one that's focusing on law of attraction there's a process i teach called image cycling and when i teach the image how many people have done my image cycling class just for grins and giggles just one did you do it yeah he did this is where we actually you did it right. This is where we actually teach you the image cycling process which to me is the single most powerful manifestation tool on i've ever come across period and we do it while we're holding we have two gla two uh two containers of water one is our control and one is our test right. So we give them to them we hide them under the seat and we have people create their little image cycling lists which uh if you notice there's this little red cool little red notebook. On there that's yours to keep to take home right.

You can also use it to take notes ironically and it has my name and address on it who'da thunk it what a great idea. Anyway uh. But if we do get to image cycling tonight which i don't guarantee that we will okay. Um you can use that cheat to be in that notebook.

To help create your image cycling list i mean we have had many not just one. But many people who learn image cycling one night week. Later they're driving up to my up to my clinic in their brand new car that they cycled for the previous week image cycling is a process of creating an intention based compared with an emotion going through a process of uh organizing it and. Then spinning it and cycling it through your mind faster and faster and faster until it reaches a point it disappears from conscious thought and it becomes a purely kinesthetic subconscious process when it does uh your brain starts to approach what we call a gamma state it i don't know if it actually hits a gamma state.

But it starts to move towards that level and as your brains wave cycle that fast it starts to interact with the non-local universe a little bit differently people who have been studied in terms of psychokinesis and things like that when people have actually measured their brain waves they gamma spike they go into extreme spikes of hyper-accelerated movement or frequency and. Then they come back down to a beta. So the idea here is we need to cycle through an intention sorry the brainwave entrainment state isn't enough yeah that's fine uh and if it works for you great as long as it's working that's all i care about and that's that's another thing you know i'm going to say things that are going to be very you've heard before for other teachers say i'm going to say things you've never heard before i'm going to say things that contradict things you've heard before all i can tell you is you don't have to believe anything i tell you for it to work you just have to follow the instructions that being said if anything i say either provokes you which is part of my intention uh or it just doesn't resonate with you don't use it i'm not going to be offended my job is to show you things that work if it doesn't resonate with how you view your world or how you want to move through the world don't use it right. If the word if colorful metaphors swearing profanity provocative language or the word boobies offends you now would probably be a good time to leave right.

Because i do promise you i will be politically incorrect and i will do things that will spike different levels of your neurology some of which you may not like there's a purpose okay. There's always a reason for everything i do sometimes yeah sometimes okay. Um. So that being said we're five minutes past our due date did i not did anybody have anything that isn't already on the board that they would like for me to cover tonight it's okay.

Raise your hands if there's something yes. Sir that negative little voice negative little voice okay. Yes. In fact those voices are actually a key component in one of the processes i use clinically is called the identity by design process the identity by design process is a seven stage process where whereby we systematically reprogram your identity you have two two sets of identities at war within you there's the one you want and the one you were programmed to have right.

And there are key building blocks to that and once you target those building blocks you can start to customize your identity you can start to take identities on and take them off like we buy buy new clothes and take them off and put them on and. So forth like that one of the major components of that are the internal dialogues the voices in our head. So if we have time we'll we'll show you some ways that that we can start to play with those things right. If if this is the i'll make you this commitment if this is the scope of everything we could cover tonight we have time for about this okay.

So with your permission i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i'll show you where to go for more if you want more is that okay. Is that fair yes. Just like a clear path of manifesting stuff clear path of manifesting stuff okay. See when she says a clear path i don't know what that means well i mean when it can we also get is and.

Then you get diffused okay. All right. That goes back to focus though doesn't it okay. And again a lot oh hello they're sneaking in now come on up it's all right.

I knew there was a reason i was not starting yet have a seat you can have the little red pads it's all right. I'll bring them in do we have more people coming in all right. Couple more things a couple of housekeeping rules hey this means i know the answer this means i don't this means oh i hope he doesn't call on me. Next right.

This means yes. This means no. There will be a test this is a fun group i can tell good because the more fun you have the more powerful you manifest that is a fact that is a principle tattoo it on your forehead okay. Playful equals power you want to shut down your manifestation abilities or take it in the wrong direction really quick get serious a bad idea it shuts down your resources it lowers your vibration and it will attract exactly what you don't want okay.

That's how it works the more playful you oh it's that state control thing again we were talking about isn't it right. We're going to talk about how to simplify this whole law of attraction stuff and since we're on the topic of law of attraction what the hell is that what is the law of attraction who can who can tell me in a reader's digest version that hasn't been to one of my seminars and is going to do a spoiler on my ass right. Not you you've been to several seminars you ain't fooling me for nothing okay. Anybody here what's the law of attraction the laws of the universe yes.

It's basically attracting it's a mirror effect that's attracting equally in your exterior life what's actually vibrating on the inside. So if you're happy i went easy you can tell he's a neurolinguistic programmer i went in the trance just listening to his explanation. So no. Matter you're going to uh basically you're going to pull things into your life based on your own thoughts ah there's the word i was looking for he's right.

Almost law of attraction is actually one of many laws or it's actually a a catch word for a bunch of laws the original the origination that we call manifesting a law of attraction had another word hundreds of years ago they called it magic now most people some people who especially come from a very christian or orthodox religious background guess what there's christian magicians too we call them priests rabbis right. Here's the thing we need to understand that most thousands and thousands of years ago anywhere from between thirty six hundred to ten thousand it depends there was a very historical figure by the name of hermes trismez this i'm sorry now how many people here have ever seen a movie called the secret show okay. Very cool. So in that and if you if you haven't seen it go see it it's worth watching just for the.

First 10 minutes why in the in the opening scene as you see that the credits rolling by or whatever you see this guy he's breaking into some tomb or some library somewhere he's doing this rubbing on on a piece of stone right. And he's taking that rubbing he's rolling up he's putting it in a scroll case and he's beating feet out of there right. You ever wonder what the hell he's actually rubbing on the secret right. No.

What he's rubbing on is what was known as the tabulous maragdina the emerald tablet of hermes the thrice great on the emerald tablet hermes who depending on which story is either greek egyptian or atlantian i don't really care okay. His works that's all i like shit's a technical term secret hypnotic influence techniques that's how it works in that in that treatise in a coded format hermes outlined the principles that control our universe it was coded in such a way that people who were initiates into the system could take those code words and apply the principles. But it was coded for a reason not everybody was meant to have it bad idea never tell a human being they can't have something right. The secret is not one law it's many if you understand the laws if you understand the principles the entire universe will open itself up to you the entire universe will teach you how it works one of those principles you're already familiar with as above.

So below you've heard this many times if you come from a more eastern tradition you may have heard the microcosm is in the macrocosm right. If you come from a more scientific background you may be familiar with the concept of fractals you guys know what a fractal is okay. So i've gotten everybody now i've got the new age white lighters the metaphysical people right. And the scientists it's all the same being a technical term right.

Secret human influence techniques now there's another law that's less understood in fact it's not understood at all really really well it's called the law of analogy and i just gave you an example of the law of analogy okay. As above. So below the microcosm and the macrocosm fractals they're all the same they all mean the same thing it's just different time periods different terminology different tech levels. But it's the same patterns the same process it's the same idea the law of analogy tells us that different that pattern universal patterns repeat at different levels of human experience if you stop trying to do things logically and you start observing you will see patterns beginning to emerge some of our most powerful disciplines are based on pattern recognition everything from lie detection to oriental medicine is based on code breaking is based on pattern recognition one of the most technical fields we have pattern nlp is all about pattern recognition it's about how to ask questions and observe what happens not to look.

For a specific thing to prove or disprove a theory you understand the distinction when you start looking for something you start missing things okay. I use the i have a lot of respect for science. But it's not the only way to understand our universe i recommend you explore those other ways how does that relate to the law of attraction and feeling and playful and all this stuff okay. We already talked about the microcosms and the macrocosm right.

Talk about that okay. I'm going to cut through the bs right. Now right. Now this gentleman gave me a very good explanation a very reader's digest version of what the law of attraction is the law of attraction as we understand it says that you will attract into your life the experiences and events and people who are in harmony the vibration of your dominant thoughts and that's the.

Next fly in the ointment it's true enough to be true the problem is nobody told you what your dominant thoughts really are see we all think our dominant thoughts are the ones we're aware of the ones we're conscious of it's you know that little voice in our head you know the one that just said what voice right. We think those are our dominant thoughts they aren't they aren't the dominant thoughts that you have are the beliefs memories lessons also known as perceptual filters lying stored in your body constantly running in the form of feelings the feelings in your body are a direct connection and are the direct linking mechanism to your dominant thoughts in my clinic which i haven't given you my pedigree yet because every time i do people you think i'm bragging or trying to compensate for something i will let you figure out which is which. But i will give you this i will tell you this much real quick uh. First of all i am a master practitioner and trainer in neuro-linguistic programming i'm also a master hypnosis i've been training hypnotists now for almost 20 years uh i taught hypnotist and nlp practitioners prep for free for over half of that because i didn't want to be part of the problem which is all these people being sold a certificate and having no.

Skill set i wanted to make sure that my people could actually do the work that needed to be done i've been a reiki master since before reiki was cool back in the early 90s right. I've been studying kabbalah since before madonna ever heard of kabbalah. So i'm very much a prima donna i knew we had a good audience tonight right. I'm certified chronic chronic healer certified product psychotherapist i'm a certified dna theta healer i'm certified in the bankston energy healing system which has the most documented cases of curing cancer clinically in animal bankston energy healing it's got the most documented clinically control uh cases of clinically controlled curing mice and rats of cancer animal studies there's no.

Suggestion there's no. Placebo they either die or they get cured of any system out there it's been out there for 30 years no. One's ever heard of it okay. I'm also a high-level martial artist oh i'm also a certified uh master master in acupuncture oil medicine licensed acupuncturist in the state of california i'm also a diplomat of oriental medicine i have a 9th degree black belt in the martial arts that's my highest rank i've got a whole bunch of others and everything i do is based around energetics and the mind and the body together.

So when we start playing this is what i'm pulling from my clinic in solana beach which is a full-time clinic we've been there for 10 years we specialize in treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion. So we don't necessarily we get weight loss patients from time to time that's what most hypnotists get. But i get terminal cancer parkinson's multiple sclerosis herpes outbreaks chronic constipation pain that will not go away hysterical paralysis ocd uh post traumatic stress from any possible angle you can imagine okay. We come in and we fix it 100 nobody's 100.

But that's what we do every single day using the technologies we're going to share with you tonight okay. So remind me i have a gift for you all besides the little cool real red notebooks you get to take those home i think they're really cool that's right. Who likes to have fun all right. That's the.

First rule tonight you got to have fun the power is in the playfulness now i said the your dominant thoughts are your beliefs your memories the lessons you've learned in your perceptual filters how many people here ever heard of a show called lie to me no. Okay. Don't go rent every season okay. You're gonna love it got tim roth in it in that show roth plays uh i forget his actual name now.

But um he plays a guy based on the life of paul ekman who was uh he wrote a book. Called motions revealed he's the world's leading expert on nonverbal influence in terms of facial recognition and motions in the face he's written several books with the dalai lama okay. In his book. Emotions revealed dr ekman isolates a phenomenon he's called the emotional refractory period the emotional refractory period is a behavior that your neurology activates every time you step you shift your emotional state how many people have ever been in an argument how many people here are liars i teach a course online.

But this means yes. This means no. This means oh i don't want to answer that right. Everybody see if this fits anybody have been in an argument with somebody you go through your knockdown drag out process right.

You. Finally resolved the argument i'm sorry you're sorry shake hands and for the. Next 10 15 20 minutes anything you say pisses them off again right. Welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period here's a better one anybody here ever buy a car raise your hands have you ever bought it not too long i mean a lot of people know this i spent the.

Last all my cell phones off or i'll own them that's my manifestation i'll just pawn your cell phone um how many people i recently if you guys watched my videos by the show fans how people actually watched my videos silly pool you got that way too much free time all right. Get out make money what are you doing watching my videos um i recently bought a van that was new for me right. And i spent months looking for event. First of all i had to get over the self-image issues i was suffering from actually having to drive a van around right.

Because i'm too cool for school right. Um. But i. Finally got over that it was much more convenient and actually somewhat luxurious actually got used to it.

But the point is is that i spent months going over you know highest rated bands who had the best deals what was the color i wanted what was the brand i wanted all that stuff. Then i. Finally visited the lot trying to find who i could you know finagle into giving me the best deal anybody ever had that experience cool the more you raise your hands the faster you change. So it's really up to you how much you want anybody ever had that experience would you like to okay.

No. No. You wouldn't like that experience right. So.

Finally now maybe maybe this has happened to you you've. Finally come to the big day you you've signed the paper you've got the credit check you've got the line of credit or maybe you just paid cash right. You get in the car you're driving home look. Out the rear view mirror you look.

Out the side mirror the other side mirror and every on the planet bought the same car on the same day what's up with that welcome to the wonderful world of emotional refractory period the emotional refractory period is a perceptual filter it's a meta program for left to use nlp speak. But not really at least not one that nlp has identified it's a program that happens every time your neurology shifts in a motion it re-prioritizes what information it sorts for. First. So in the case of somebody who's just finished an argument you're already pissed off maybe right.

And you're still in that state that that emotional refractory period is starting to look. For things because every emotional state that you have is like a little life form that wants to persist and stay in the body as long as it can and. So what it will do without your permission without your consent in spite of what you consciously want to do it will tweak what you pay attention to. First it will zone in on the things in the environment that reactivate prolong or re-trigger the state you're already in and it will fire it off again that's what it does as above.

So below you will attract into your life the things that are in harmony with what your dominant thoughts your dominant thoughts are that's science you can go to paul's book. You can read it that's science your reality is based on your perception the perceptual filters that you have in place and they are directly directly connected to the feeling states in your body if you go around tense and worried all the time guess what you pull into your life in spite of what you consciously want this is not a conscious process. But we have to make it one if we want to clean out our remove our blocks get rid of stuff we have to make it a conscious one we have to know how this mechanism how to take conscious control of that mechanism. So we drive it instead of it driving us does that make sense okay.

So cool. So how many people here can feel good for no. Reason well i didn't know how many are lying okay. Good everybody stand up it's where we have fun there's only three things you need to do besides obey to be completely successful tonight right.

A be playful actually be playful and follow the instructions following the instructions is actually more important than being playful because if i tell you to be playful in your following instructions you will right. There's a hierarchy to things. Second is you've got to be absorbed and focused in what we're doing you don't got to believe it you just got to do it does that make sense. So here's what i want you to do right.

Now i want you to remember a time in your life when you felt really really really really really really really really really really really really really really good not that one the other one i don't care you're not going to tell me what it is right. So i don't care if it's a physical pleasure an emotional pleasure some combination thereof i don't care what you're doing who you're with as long as it was legal. But. Anyway no.

I don't care that either i don't get enough i'm not the thought police right. And what i want you to do is i want you to step back into that moment i want you to see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt most importantly guys and gals what i want you to do more than anything else is i want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment when it was at its peak if you were standing right. There there may be some people that weren't quite standing in everything. But pretend right.

Right. That's my body humor for tonight breathe the way you were breathing let those feelings come flooding back allow your eyes. To close notice where in your body you feel it and when you feel it point to where you feel it that's right. I want you to imagine just for grins and giggles that floating somewhere in the space around you is a beautiful picture that represents that feeling with your other hand reach out and touch it for me excellent now take both of your hands trace the edges of it with both of your hands.

So you know exactly how big that picture is. Then grab it with both of your hands and without slugging the person. Next to you make it as big as a drive-in movie theater screen and notice what happens to the feeling in your body what'd you notice it got stronger holy bring it back to original size now without changing the size of it i can always tell it's going to change because i actually do say you do stuff and you actually do the other people just kind of sit there right. To the degree that you follow these instructions you will get change now without changing the size of it at all slowly pull it closer to your body and notice what happens to the feeling that's right.

Perfect now lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice what happens now oh yeah that's what i'm talking about sorry i got a little 70s there now you can have this back in just a moment. But just for the sake of our drill i want you to unwrap it lift it back up over your head now everybody here knows what a frisbee is right. All right. I want you to match this thing is now frisbee shaped i want you to grab it with one of your hands throw it all the way behind you back behind the horizon inventory your body notice what happened to your feelings what just happened it's gone oh now imagine your hands are the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck that thing back now remember ladies and gentlemen you are the god of your universe you are in complete charge of your mind and body you have absolute authority permission and the right.

To make any change in your neurology that you want here's what i want you to do right. Now i want you to make this picture as big as you can stand it i want you to make and i want you to put it where it makes you feel the best that's right. That's what i'm talking about just put in there let it soak in let it go through your tissues into your bloodstream and let it travel through your bloodstream to every place your blood goes let those feelings flow let it go into the cells of your body let it reprogram the dna don't try to make it happen just notice the process taking place allow it to run its course till every part of you is vibrating reproducing that feeling until it's impossible to turn off and when it's impossible to turn off try to turn it off and notice what happens instead what happened you mean you're stuck feeling good oh give yourselves a big round of applause that was good have a seat around each and every one of us is a holographic field of information nlp gave us an introduction to this field it gave us an idea about visual auditory kinesthetic okay. Which leads us to the.

Next question what are your thoughts actually made out of hold on raise your hands young ladies what are your thoughts made out of energy energy awesome awesome answer wrong on one level he's right. But on the functional level he's wrong yes. Your interpretation what does that mean exactly [Music]. So that is a thought.

But how is it built how do you build a thought okay. What is knowledge okay. Yes. It's based off your experiences off your experiences awesome answer wrong interactions very very good also wrong you're close oh.

So close vibration vibration yes. But no. That's what you're that's when you're recording you're all right. And you're all wrong okay.

And and here's why i'm saying that i'm not trying to be an although it's fun um functionally see if thoughts are energy there's not a thing you can do about it it's either you have no. Ideas packet of energy i got photon here i got an electron here what's that going to do for me right. There's nothing you can do about that in spite of what you might think information knowledge communicated through data right. How okay.

Well that's what teaches us where we're going here's what your thoughts are actually made out of on a functional level and this is what makes the whole system go visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory every thought that you have whether you're thinking it to yourself or condensing it down and communicating it to another person is transmitted in visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory components period yes. Your thoughts are made out of energy yes. There's a bio electrochemical process going on yes. They're vibrational.

So what because when we have a thought we don't see energy we don't see the vibration we don't see the electrochemical what do we see we see visual components we see auditory components kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory components now i'm not saying you don't see auras right. You may see auras you may see the fields. But it's highly unlikely that you're going to get the information encoded in it and that's the rub all of these things i'm a big believer in energy come on i got more energy credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers. But it doesn't do us any good until we can access the information encoded in the energy field if we accept that there's an energy field.

Then we do i think you'd have to be living under a rock not to between quantum physics metaphysics imagine all these different systems that teach auras this and we know the human body has and generate or is generated by an electromagnetic field right. Which by the way is mediated by your proprioceptive nervous system which is part of our nervous system most of us don't know about. But if we did have a sixth sense if we did have esp it wouldn't be a sixth sense it would be your proprioceptive nervous system and it would be a sixth seventh eighth ninth and tenth sense because there are at least six or seven i think six five to six different types of information that your proprioceptive nervous system tracks and monitors preconsciously one of which is electromagnetic fields one of which is electromagnetic fields ladies you ever go to a bar you get that icky feeling because somebody's staring at you in an unkind way or sometimes a two kind way right. And you turn around and there's the evil person right.

Thank your proprioceptive nervous system because your proprioceptive nervous system is the part of you that integrates and interacts with the electromagnetic fields around you both from other people and yourself it monitors mechanoreception nociception and terrorception a lot of sections right. Where your body is in time and space all monitored preconsciously by your proprioceptive nervous system you guys know what mirror neurons are right. Who does not know what a mirror neuron is ray chance there's a book. You might want to pick up called mirroring people by as it's his.

Last name i can never pronounce his. First name i think it's giovanni. But i'm not sure it's i know the. Last name is jakoboni which is another hard name for me to pronounce.

But it's a it was an italian study and they're the ones who actually discovered mirror neurons way back in the day your mirror neurons are a physiological organ that actually take information through your proprioception and your five senses and plays the information coming in as if you're actually doing it in nlp we talk about this concept of matching and mirroring right. Uh which is the secret by the way rapport is the secret to the universe and the secret to rapport is pacing and leading or matching and marrying okay. I guess giving you the whole ball of acts right. There right.

The more like something we become the more power we have over it and conversely the more power it has over us. So we better know how to connect in the right. Way this is one of the problems when you practice reporting techniques without good state control okay. Which that's another story another class your visual auditory kinesthetic and olfactory cortexes don't just modulate external color they also are external warmth they monitor emotional warmth things like that these studies in embodied cognition show us that these cortexes don't just monitor one level right.

If i give you a hard seat to sit in you will judge me more harshly than if i give you a soft suit to sit in if i give you a hot drink to hold while i'm talking to you you will judge me more warmly and feel more warmly towards me than if i gave you a cold drink because the same parts of your brain that monitor objective warmth or objective light also monitor subjective light subjective warmth as above. So below the microcosm is in the macrocosm okay. So what how is that going to get me a new car right. Remember the higher the vibration the more power you have which is a higher vibration anger or joy which is a better state to be in poor or wealthy now all your beliefs and things about wealth aside we all consider wealthy to be a higher state or you wouldn't be here being able to get stuff is why we're here to reveal or manifest stuff is why we're here well these things quantum physics tells us they're already here that's what all the science is saying why aren't we seeing it perceptual filters your body is a nested field of vibration after vibration after vibration and depending on what vibrations you spend the most time in that will govern what you can see and what you can reveal change the vibration change the perception change what reveals itself it's simple literally simple it's not always easy though see there's a difference between simple and easy.

But the information or in your aura or your meridians right. If we accept that there's energy and that it controls our mind in our bodies somehow. Then there must be some interface there must be a language encoded within that energy that the neurology understands you get it like like how many people are old enough to remember audio cassettes i'm real old right. I remember eight tracks right.

So if you look. At an audio cassette or an 8-track or even even a cd you can look. At it. But i like the electromagnetic stuff right.

You what you have is a big plastic container with a metal tape inside of it that has on little metal pieces that have electromagnetic dots on it well can i look. At that magnetic tape and hear my favorite song can i hold it to my ear can i rub my fingers along it and here are my favorites why not i don't have a device to inc to to play the device this is what i mean when i say this is the language of your dominant thoughts it doesn't matter what the energy is if you can't interpret it it has to be encoded in something that both sides can channel through that are the cortexes of your brain and the visual auditory kinesthetic and olfactory systems in your body when you talk about a thought when you transfer information you do it in visual auditory and kinesthetic terms when you relate to yourself do you see little ones and zeros in your head do you see that you might yeah we need to get some meds for you right. Right. My point is you see images you have feelings you hear sounds right.

You don't necessarily see a sign. But sine wave is by the way is just an interpretation of the energy you guys get that we don't need the interpretation of the energy we need the information we need to access the information encoded in it i showed you how to do that five minutes ago point to where you feel it reach out and touch the picture the human being is a holographic information processing system it radiates an electromagnetic field that is measurable with instruments eight feet in diameter from your body everyone in this room is already touching everybody else in that non-weird way right. If we have we have time i'll come back for the break i'll show you a video that demonstrates this on a physical plane all right. But one of the things that happens in a group like this is after a while all of your heartbeats start to synchronize all of your breathing patterns will start to synchronize eventually your thought processes will start to synchronize and you'll start answering each other's sentences it can't not happen because it's the law of physics and train them right.

I can take a table with 40 separate metronomes all moving at the same time or at different different speeds i can set them all moving and within a short period of time they'll all be doing this all rhythmic sources seek entrainment with other rhythmic sources the observer at this point isn't relevant okay. Because the active observing is going to change it. But in the physical world we can observe physical phenomena. But we can extrapolate that if we apply the law of analogy.

Then it must also be true of an organic rhythmic source which is your heart which is being mediated and processed through your proprioceptive nervous system through your mirror neurons and through the nerve endings in your body okay. We all have the capacity to influence and be influenced by the people right. Next to us and it's happening all the time how do we what do we do with that though well. First of all become aware of it because until you become aware of it there's not a damn thing you can do about it.

First rule of influence anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control period addendum to the. First rule of influence just because you're not aware of it doesn't mean it isn't affecting you okay. We have my part of my job with these free made-ups and things like that is to expose you in a non-illegal way to another way of moving through the world of perceiving reality. So you can create your reality to give you an idea of what else is out there to see the matrix as we like to call it [Music] if you are not willing to take in charge of your mind if you're not willing to become progressively more self-aware there are many well-paid highly funded highly trained agencies willing to do it for you okay.

Visual auditory kinesthetical factory guster the king of the five is your feeling okay. Your dominant thoughts are stored in your body as a feeling they have pieces they are holographic in nature they're fractal in nature which means that it's like everybody know what a cloud server is you know how cloud server works information like you take a little movie or something like that you load it up to the cloud and all of a sudden it goes and it's disseminated to all these different little servers everywhere and. Then when you call for that information it reaches out to all those servers and it reconstructs am i right. With that it reconstructs what you set up there in the beginning your body had it.

First yes. My you have a question you just raised me your body had it. First you want to change something in your body the node where it all comes together is where you feel it the node where it all comes together is the location in your body where you feel it who has something they'd like to get rid of okay. Come on is okay.

On camera come on okay. It's izzy right. I'm david welcome thank you for playing what is it you got extra weight that's going to take a while i can do the process here. But we might not see it happen right.

Away all right. You got something a little a little easier to get rid of well a little faster let's put it that way uh can you give me some examples pain ache tightness tension anger fear rage no. You don't got it just all right. So here's what since you came up let's do this.

So how much weight would you like to lose uh at this point 15 pounds okay. So is there any reason why you might want to hold on to that late. First impression i think it's uh protection okay. Close your eyes.

For me i'm not going to ask you necessarily unless i have to what that thing is that you need protection from i want you to point to where you feel that feeling in your body right. Now there's a feeling here that is the symptom and. Then there's a reason that that feeling is there you may notice that's in a different part of your body point to where you feel that if it's not that's okay. Too go with your.

First impression that's right. Close your eyes. Notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression pink pink perfect now i want you to imagine that floating in the space around you is a picture that represents that pink energy now this is something you want less of right.

It's okay. To get rid of it reach out and touch it for me now take your hands trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is perfect now just to make sure we've got the right. One grab it and make it bigger tell me what happens to the feeling stronger or weaker perfect they put it back to where it was now you're sure it's okay.

To get rid of it i want you to put a big black frame around it when you do it just now you have to let me know you're doing great by the way now you're probably too young to remember when televisions have real dials and knobs and switches instead of a remote control or touch screens. But i want you to put a i want you to feel along the bottom of that frame and i want you to notice there's some little dials and knobs and switches and one controls the volume and one controls the brightness and one controls the contrast and one controls the vertical hold i want you to find the contrast or the brightness knob and turn it all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely and notice how that makes you feel that's right. Then turn all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel which one do you like better perfect turn it all the way to the right.

Excellent now using the index finger of your dominant hand like a stylus on a tablet what i'd like you to do is there are some lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative i want you to write those lessons across that screen and glowing golden letters. So you can keep the lessons busy and let the rest go and just keep writing until you know it's done now the screen will scroll like a tablet. So you can just keep writing until you know it's completely gone you just keep going you may notice feelings and emotions come up as you do this that's just the neurological reset just let it happen it's a process of the neurology changing many people go through different symptoms when they have this experience some people laugh some people cry some people yawn some people sweat some people get hot some people feel tingling all done perfect very good shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp for me float it up over the top of your head all the way back behind the horizon and you know the sound a nail gun makes it nails back there for all eternity until it's impossible to bring back and when it's back there for all eternity impossible to bring back try to bring it back and notice what happens [Laughter] oh how do you feel lighter oh excellent give her a big round of applause all right. Each and every one of you have feelings that feeling is a hologram it's a fractal holographic recording of everything that happened to you.

However it is not accurate and they are not you one of the big fallacies that we operate under is that the memories that we have are the events they describe and we treat them like they're the things that someone like something happened to us at our fifth birthday party every time we remember our fifth birthday party it's like we're having that feeling again your system has some amazingly cool fail safes built into it okay. I could get into that if we have time i'll talk about holographic memory resolution and how that all works. But the bottom line is in order for your neurology to replay an experience it has to access the code that that experience is built out of just like your dvd player or your audio player has to access the information encoded on the dvd when it manifests it manifests as a feeling in your body somewhere the minute we point to where we feel it we get all playful and we reach out and touch the picture we engage the imagination just like when we were little kids playing pretend anybody here ever play pretend anybody hear a little kid here's your hands every now and. Then i get a smart ass goes not me i was born fully formed from a test tube i didn't play pretend i used computational models get out this is for playful people right.

So what did you like to play pretend at when you were a little girl very cool very cool uh and did you have like little toy stethoscopes or did you pretend that they were there yeah like teddy bear teddy bears cool right. On how about you sir what'd you play pretend can you remember how about you yeah you i'm talking to you an explorer were you like a tomboy or a tom girl tomboy right. On i like it already and when you were a tomboy would you look. For like indiana jones or somebody other somebody else who's cool and she's like she got that look.

On her face she smells something bad i said indiana oh very good all right. Cool how about you guys over here what'd you play pretend at you can't remember how about you sound like family family all right. On. So did you have like if obviously if you were mom and dad did you have like a little pretend boys and girls the ken and the barbie did they talk to each other of course right.

We have meds for you it's how do you play soldier how many soldiers we got in the room how many cowboys how many superheroes i'm a superhero geek by the way by the way i'm also a big supernatural fan. So if you say the words like meat suit you'll know where it comes from right. My point is whether you know whether you say you're playing you know maybe you're a girly girl and you're playing you know queen of england or fairy princess or whatever or maybe you're a tomboy and you're penny the explorer or maybe you're a tom girl i don't know what that would mean. But my point is you're out in the backyard doing whatever you do playing whatever games you play right.

Now i'm giving you soldiers my example you pick up a stick in the backyard and you're playing soldier now every one of you knows that when you pick up that stick in the backyard it's just a freaking stick for the. First five minutes six and a half minutes. Later you're really rambo it's really an m-60 and you're really killing it right. True not true right.

You're playing your stuffed animals you know they're stuffed animals and also they got an ouchie you got to stop the bleeding right. Your ken dolls are having an existential crisis right. They're self-identifying as just scooter or something right. Or skipper that's her name right.

My point is you were were you asleep were you absorbed in what you were doing were you focused on what you were doing were you having a ball you bet your ass ladies and gentlemen if you can do that tonight you can manifest anything you want because that's all you got to do it's not difficult you just said it in the bible be is little children it's a code the secret to accessing the level of your neurology that interfaces with the non-local universe is your playful state your body and your imagination you must use all three if you want to be effective okay. Not saying you can't sit there and do affirmations in your head over and over and maybe someday get something. But i don't want to wait 30 years yes. [Music] none of that really matters until we understand how the system works okay.

So let me let me just sum up the whole feeling conundrum and the whole visual auditory kinesthetic thing real quick. So we can move on to other stuff everything that you experience is a recording okay. Everything you're in even though we don't live in real time even this moment is not real it's an illusion it's a carefully crafted illusion based on our nervous system's interpretation of the electromagnetic information all around us it's a very well done hologram that's all it is here's the thing we understand about your conscious mind it's the least informed and the. Last to know anything the part of you that rationalizes analyzes judges makes those rationalizations and analysis is based on data data that comes to it from the unconscious mind which means before the time you become aware of anything you've already done it it's the most massaged um changed deleted distorted information there is your kinesthetics are how we find where we need to go now where's it going with this playful absorb focused what was i saying right.

Before i started talking about that the feeling state in your body we talked about vibration right. Law of attraction says what all attraction says you will attract events situations and circumstances into your life that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts which is analogous to a feeling right. Which is analogous to a frequency which is analogous to a vibration change the feelings in your body the default feelings in your body you change your frequency change your frequency you change what the universe pulls in now the problem that you have is you've got multiple frequencies fighting in the system right. So we need to start cleaning our clocks we need to start cleaning out the if we want to move forward i tell people that we go through life with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to our back seriously and it's against the difference between the drag from the anchor and the thrust from the engine that determines how far we get how fast if all we did was cut the anchor we take off like a rocket most traumatic class i ever took.

Was a class on manifesting i cried like a baby nobody told me this right. That in order to manifest stuff you got to get out of your own way you got to focus on the things you want not on the things you don't want right. So how do we change our feeling states in our body well many times one of the things that happens is we we have a shitty day we get home and we start to do our manifestation work from that shitty state not a good idea it's going to taint and pollute whatever state you're going for. So we need a way to break that state we need a way to get to at least a neutral if not a positive frequency or platform that we can work from does that make sense everybody stand up the most powerful way to do this how many people would like to be more confident how many people like to be more assertive dominant successful okay.

If you haven't read this or if you haven't seen this video yet there's a video i want you to go watch it's called power poses by amy cuddy okay. Power pose amy is a researcher she did a lot of study on the there we go that's what i'm talking about this i've now in our cpi classes in our cpi classes we actually go a lot further than what amy's discovered and verified scientifically we have a whole module on influence through state control and posture and physiology it's really cool. But this is good enough and this is why it's important if you're having a shitty day the. First thing you need to do is change your physiology because the um there's two ways that we control our feeling states in our body either through our willpower or through our physiology the problem is is that our culture teaches us that we can do everything through our willpower it's a lie unless your special force is trained an elite athlete or someone who engages in very rigorous high stress occupations the moment you stressed out the moment you're low on blood sugar the moment you start to lose sleep your breath your butt puckers up and your brains drop out okay.

Your conscious mind the weakest part of you it's not it's not that it's not important it's the weakest part of you any level any sufficient level of emotional arousal feeling states in the body will cause your critical factor to check out you will go into a profound trance state. But that trance state may not be useful for what you want your conscious mind will become overwhelmed you'll lose the capacity to use it or use it in a limited fashion the thing we need to do is we need to bypass the the the using the willpower we need something that's more foolproof more fail safe that is your physiology we're gonna prove this right. Now i want everybody to remember a time in your life when you saw something you really wanted right. You made a plan you decided you were going to get it no.

Matter what you put that plan into operation and you nailed it home run which by the way always do this when you win right. It's power pose number one right. But what i want you to do is i want you to stand the way you were standing i want you to breathe the way you were breathing i want you to let those feelings come back you know you've got it the smile. So i can see very good now here's what i want you to do without changing anything not a thing except what i'm about to tell you to change keep everything exactly the same try to feel bad notice you can't do it that's right.

Now see that gentleman standing by my camera i want y'all to turn around look. At him because i don't want you look. At me when you start to feel bad no. It's all right.

You guys can all look. Up here it's all right. Now here's what i want you to do close your eyes. For me and i want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you wanted you decided you were going to get it you put the plan into operation.

But you didn't get it you missed it and you realized i want you to remember that moment when you realized it wasn't going to manifest for you once you let those feelings come back i want you to stand the way you were standing breathe the way you were breathing well i could feel the energy dropping in the room already. But this will help us now here's what i want you to do without changing anything try to feel good oh yeah somebody's some of you are shifting posture. So i can see that all right. Now hold on to the negative thought hold on to it as best you can shift your body back to the positive physiology and notice what happens what'd you notice back in the room what do you notice feel better in spite of the fact that i told you to hold on to the negative thought yes.

Is it is it that easy yeah there's only one problem with this particular process is that there's a tendency for us to want to the minute we our state starts like we come out of that negative state we go to the positive physiology the gravity of the state wants us to form our physiology back to the state that corresponds to it that's the only thing you have to cognitively monitor when you're using this process i had people come into my my room my treatment room suicidal mom brought this her son in recovering heroin addict just claiming already tried two or three times to commit suicide why she brought her to me i don't know. But that's he wanted to come see me. So the guy comes in and he's like oh like this right. And he's just having one of those those moments can you come on for a.

Second can you be suicidal for a moment right. So this is what i did i didn't kiss his ass right. The minute he walked in i took. One look.

Out i said straighten up boom the minute i did he burst out laughing because you can't override your physiology you can't override your physiology this is why even in disciplines like yoga and buddhist meditation there's such an emphasis on posture the posture is your your tuning fork it's the antenna that you interact with the universe with right. Within your inner universe and the external one the vibrations in your body are analogous to the feelings in it which are regulated by your posture and your breathing okay. Now since he's up here i'm going to play with him can i make you dance a little bit all right. Now what's your name again doug thank you for coming up and being my marionette today now i don't know doug right.

But i like his head now he's a pretty solid guy i mean i'm a little taller than him barely right. If i push on doug he's got some inertia right. If i pull on doug he ain't going anywhere right. Now we've got to fight.

But if i love on doug if i create a connection with doug if i kneel he kneels if i bend over he bends over if i step he follows me he doesn't know why that's weird isn't it give him a big round of applause [Applause] that's the law of attraction when you are at the same resonance at the same frequency you can influence and be influenced okay. First we have to get in touch with ourself we have to clean out our stuff we have to get all of ourselves integrated what i'm literally doing with doug is i'm actually transferring my kinesthetic awareness my consciousness for lack of a better word into his proprioceptive nervous system i'm feeling where the center of gravity is and linking to it i'm creating a common center between him and me we stop being dave and doug for right. When we become one i move me his body follows if i think of doug as a separate machine now we create a firewall between his neurology and mind and now it's two machines going to war yeah it's okay. To be on camera okay.

So what's your name again petra beautiful name now get solid get strong for me the wrong like that's not exactly what i had in mind. But okay. So if i push on you and again i obviously i could overpower you right. But if i.

But notice there's a little bit of a little stronger thank you now the idea here is that it's not it's not a battle it's about finding the frequency that our system's in training let's move a little bit forward because i want you to knock into that. So again if if i've got this and i'm not i'm not pulling on her you notice that i'm creating a connection there's one for the facebook. Page right. So i'm here i kneel right.

Right. So the whole idea is her body wants to follow i'm not pulling or pushing her i'm just moving me and her body's doing it for me thank you give me a big round of applause okay. And i can do it i'll do it with anyone in this room i do it all the time right. It's part of my martial arts training yes.

Because all these things if you get to a certain level they all connect they're all the same express they're different expressions of the same sets of principles. Then i follow you until i find the connection that's why right. Yes. It's all the same principles everything i'm teaching you is the same principle expressing itself at a different level of experience all right.

How many people know what matching and mirroring is if you do raise your hands it's fine if you don't matching and mirroring means basically to become as much like something as possible right. What's your name again andrea come on all right. You called me that's right. I remember your message right.

So if andrea is standing here like this right. And she's angled this way i have two things like i have two ways i can begin to copy her this is a keep to understanding human beings every human every nervous system on the planet is seeking itself it's projecting out into the world its internal environment its internal checklist for how reality is supposed to be and it's looking for the matches every time it finds a match the trust level and the intimacy level goes up the desire to cleave and connect goes up to the to the degree that it finds mismatch it starts to mistrust it starts to separate it starts to move away in nlp we teach you to get rapport with somebody to get that kinesthetic connection you saw me do with doug on a more subtle level by matching and mirroring their physiology. So if if andrea is standing a certain way certain weight i'm gonna put the weight on her foot i'm gonna stand that way that's matching right. So she raises her right.

Hand i raise my right. Hand now when we're side by side that looks okay. But if we're facing each other she raises the right. Hand now we're this way that's matching it's a way to achieve sameness it's a way to achieve a similar vibration anybody here remember the the old rabbit ear antennas right.

I remember those right. He had put a little tinfoil on him he had to move the around right. Some of us are like you're walking around in the world's largest one the human nervous system is the largest organic intent and every configuration has a different vibrational signature that you have control of once you understand how the system works. So just to finish this particular if andrea raises her right.

Hand and i raise my left hand now her neurology is perceiving a mirror image of herself a lot of nlp experts believe that actually has more impact on her neurologically than if i did this. So thank you andre give her a round of applause have a seat. So the. First thing you want to do when you're going to do any manifesting hey decide what you want which will change by the way depending on what your state is at the time right.

If you're really pissed off and you start manifesting somebody get what dessert is coming to them you may see a small mushroom cloud rising over their house uh as opposed to someone just bending them over and giving them a spanking if you're in a different state right. So modulating state is important how we modulate our state is based on our physiology here's the here's the rule i tell my students your physiology controls your psychology okay. When when amy did her studies and you should all go watch this video i i probably sent more people to that video than anybody i know when amy was doing her studies two minutes of holding one of these poses resulted in a 20 20 25 percent increase in testosterone 20 20 to 25 just 20 percent increase any guy here would not want 20 20 more testosterone hell yeah right. Here's the here's the corollary to that though there was also a corresponding increase in cortisol or drop in cortisol.

So not only did you become more assertive more confident more dominant you also became more relaxed if you want to manifest that is an ideal state to manifest from right. Start with a victory pose hold it for at least two minutes until your state changes. Then start your manifesting work when you're sitting at your desk and you're writing down whatever it is you're going to manifest what posture are you writing them from what are the feeling states in your body when you're doing it because if you're not experiencing positive emotions as you're writing it you're writing them at the wrong frequency we talk about image cycling we talk about creating and maybe i don't know if i'll have time to do this because i'm trying to force feed as much information down your throats as humanly possible when we talk about image cycling we talk about you decide what you want that's part one. Then you decide okay.

If i had this what would be something that would happen as a result of that that would be level two and what would be if and if two happened what would happen. Then that's that's image cycling process the caveat to that is for everything on this list there must be an emotional connection [Music] you have got when you think about it you have got to generate a lust factor for this of like 27 on a 10 scale right. But what if you only have like a seven on a tenth scale start small start small would you like to know how to juice that up i think it's something you really want point where you feel it scale is zero to ten rate the number how many got a seven or less oh good have we got eight or less okay. Point point to the picture trace the edges of it now notice something about the people whose pictures are seven eight or less notice how how big or small their pictures are grab that notice what happens what happened doug oh you mean you could amplify your desire or something by making the picture bigger yes.

The filing system the volume knob that controls the intensity of your feelings is the electromagnetic field around your body which is the information processing system for the hologram the farther away from the body the less volume or less amplitude the image has the big the the closer it is to your body the stronger it gets the bigger the image the more intense if you're going to create a desire for something if you're going to create the feeling of having something point to where you feel it touch the picture look. How big it is and expand it and play pretend and notice what happens to the feelings in your body don't believe me do it stand up what if there's something you want less of a smaller one how many here let's let's do something on a scale on a scale of zero to ten you know i'll call it the shittiness scale on the shittiness scale zero to ten ten being the worst nastiest horrible thing ever zero being nah you could give let's pick something that's about a one or three on that scale just find something and we can bring it back. Later if you want point to where you feel it that's right. Now you may notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's that color.

First impression that's you don't have to tell me just know reach out and touch the picture trace the edges of both of your hands notice how big it is that's right. Put a frame around it big old black frame let's make sure we got the right. One make the picture bigger notice what happens to the bad feeling you don't like that do you put it back now imagine that it's like the the screen of a television find the brightness knob wipe the image out completely notice how that makes you feel and turn it all the way the other way until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide which one you like better when you figure out which one you like better turn it that way take your index finger of your dominant hand now there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you it across that screen in glowing golden letters. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go just keep writing the screen will scroll.

So you can write as much or as little as you want when you know it's done by the way your body may do interesting things as you're doing this some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people feel emotions some people get warm some people get tingly it doesn't matter that's just what your body is supposed to do when it's done shrink it down to the sides of the postage stamp or even smaller float it up over the top of your head back beyond the horizon you have a choice you can sound of a nail gun nailing it back there for all eternity you can make the sound of a toilet flushing either way when you know it's gone impossible to bring back try to bring it back notice what happens instead god what happened gone donna what happened it's gone blank is that a good thing okay. Weird huh you mean that's all we got to do to get rid of bad most of the time most of the time there's other ways they take longer each and every one everybody here knows what a desktop is right. You have a computer with a desktop now if you've ever seen my desktop which i have one right. There you actually can't see the desktop because there's all these files open right.

That's what most of us are doing in our grid out here our proprioceptive fields we've got all these files that are open and running and some are very very close to us some are very far away some are good some are not. So good they're in different locations each of those locations has a meaning to your neurology remember the structure of your thought visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory data spatial relationships have a meaning to your nervous system it's part of the code that the neurology uses to create your experience once you understand the code you can rewrite the program. But you don't need to be a certified neurolinguistic programmer to do it all you got to do is point to where you feel it reach out and touch the picture we do this all the time. Anyway not that we point to where we feel it.

But we reach out and touch pictures all the time everybody when you watch people go out and watch humans in their in their natural environment watch them talk about their stuff i watch you guys all the time when you're just have a seat right. How many of you when i how many people here had something that they wanted to get rid of when they when he came in today each and every one of you when you started talking about the thing you wanted to get rid of you started hand jiving i said i got this thing i just need to get rid of it i don't know what it is i can't put my finger on it it's right. There your hands automatically go to the spatial locations where that data is stored it treats those objects those that vibrational data as a solid object and relates to it that way when you change the structure of it you change what your neurology does with it it's both holographic metaphorical it's kind of again there's a whole kettle of worms in there. But this is how you work if there's stuff that you just never seem to get to chances are it's filed in a place where you put things you don't get to right.

When we how many people here have a job cool i got an offer i'm going to make. Later it's going to be how many people here pay taxes perfect how many people here every year do what i do get a big box of stuff they call receipts sort through them divide them up categorize them add them up cry write the check bleed cry some more mail the check you go and we're left with this big box of we're not allowed to get rid of true not true we do it what do you do with it you put it somewhere right. The law says we can't get rid of it yet we have to hold on to it for a certain amount of time. But functionally for all intents and purposes it's useless unless we get an audit or something we need to reference for all intents and purposes it's gone we just you know it's gone you have a location in your neurology for that behind you remember i said brains are simultaneously literal metaphorical and all that good stuff how many people say i have to get over something i need to put something behind me i need to get past this when you move that when you took.

That picture you wrote the lessons you extracted it you took. That internal representation you shrunk it down and you moved it behind you what happened to it what happened did the feelings go away that's right. Neurologically speaking anything that goes to the posterior hemisphere of your nervous system your nervous system categorizes as over done get it the feeling states in your body are there because the file is still open and running get it how do you find the feeling how do you find the file find the feeling what do you do. Then yay is it really that easy more often than not yeah remember every memory that you have has both a movie a story to it and a container a box a structure that it's made out of all of it has meaning and relevance to your nervous system you change one thing you start to change everything the key to accessing this part of your neurology is you have to be playful you know because if you don't if you don't access the playfulness.

First you'll get too serious and you won't be able to go there yes. And no. Pot will help you because it will help you relax. But it will hold you back if you're doing clearing work because it's a memory retardant okay.

That's that's one of the things no. That's fine i'm cool with it right. That's a great question uh if you're doing clearing work don't do pot if you're doing manifesting work maybe maybe play with it and see what happens test it right. Because we need to get out of our own way.

So when we're going back going back to this image cycle again that was my little segue when we image cycle we create a list we create a list of things we want yes. Sir here's what i like to do everybody stand up by the way i'm going to show you this is actually something i teach in my attraction courses. But did you know that um flirtation has a a posture right. Flotation has the posture when we talk about people who are honest and ethical we refer to them as what upright.

Straight straight shooter right. Stand up guy people who are unethical people who are sleazy people who are crooked twisted bent right. Then there's the naughty people they're not completely straight. But they're not completely bent either see what happened i just shifted a little bit and you started laughing because all of this is already encoded in your neurology see when i deal with things i deal with things that are encoded at a genetic level on a behavioral level not a social level because.

Then i can go to australia or i go to new zealand or i go to africa and i can start there and. Then i can learn the cultural distinctions. Later right. So if you want to be playful remember a time when you were all right.

We'll do another cool exercise this is going to be fun now two things about remember i talk about the anchor and the jet engine right. Right. So if we say we want x presupposes something doesn't it that we don't have it. But we don't have enough of it which means there's usually something in the way true not true.

So we have two ways we can do this we can actually put more juice in the engine or we can cut the anchor which would be easier okay. That's a little bit of a downer sometimes. But this is kind of a fun technique you'll have like this. So here's what i want you to do one bite one of the fastest ways to control your state was what physiology physiology has two components what were they posture breathing breathing is the sleeper there's only two uh based on the readings i've had there's only two parts of you that are both conscious and under conscious and subconscious control your breath your breathing rate and your blink rate okay.

Your breathing is the link between your psyche and your selma okay. And systema russian martial art which is taught specifically to special forces they spend a tremendous amount of time on combative breath work tactical breathing right. Cool stuff i'm a certified instructor in it i love it and it's the best the best martial art for hypnotist really is okay. But breath work is going to come into this piece.

So here's what i want you to do playful point to where you feel it remember the time your life when you're absolutely stunningly playful excellent now before we go there i want you to do something else for me real quick i want you to remember a time in your life in a place that we feel absolutely safe and protected 100 totally safe nothing can get at you nothing could hurt you even if it's only in your imagination i just want you to imagine that place and when you get there see what you saw here what you heard feel what you felt notice the feelings in your body as you're in that place notice that there's a color and a place in your body without that color emanates from either physically or mentally point to it and what i want you to do just for a moment is breathe that color through your entire body and notice what happens head to toe over and over again specifically focus on places where there's any extra tightness or tension and bring that safe energy through and notice what happens and realize anytime you need to anytime you want to you can physiologically or mentally emotionally travel to your safe place and experience that feeling because it's all inside and you have complete control over it open your eyes. Notice how different you feel now when we start about talk about getting playful there are some things that sometimes get in the way. So when we're about to get playful there's something that sometimes holds us back or makes us feel not. So playful if that is true for you do this exercise if it isn't true just wait for the.

Next part point to where you feel it close your eyes. Trace the edge of it with both of your hands now i'm doing this as a group. So there are certain specifications or personalizations i cannot do. But what i'd like you to do is i want you to notice that shape notice if it has any weight temperature or texture.

First impression now what i want you to do is i want you to notice i want you to take your mind's eye travel inside of it until you find the very center of it when you find the very center of it merge into the center of it and pass through it like a thread through the eye of a needle travel back to time the very. First scene situation at the point of origin of that shape in your body when you get there i just want you to nod your head to let me know and again this is just an exercise. So please feel free to do it or not do it as you like i want you to ask your series of questions i want you to answer them. First impression just inside your mind and body are you inside or outside a loner with people daytime or nighttime look.

At your hands are they big boy hands little girl hands that's right. And how old might you be when you. First feel that feeling you may notice you went up some place completely different than you expected that's okay. I want you to follow that train of events until the feeling that you want to get rid of appears when you get there just nod your head and now speaking as the version of you of today that version of you with all your life experience with all of your knowledge with all of your wisdom if you could go back what would you like to have seen happen instead well make make a movie in your head of what you would like to have seen happen instead that generates the feelings you want to have if you need a new parent make a new parent right.

You can do that trust me. But here's this is what i call your steven spielberg moment and what i want you to do is i want you to make a movie of what you want instead i want you to tell that younger version of yourself that this shit's over you've come back from the future to let them know it's done and you're always going to be with them make a movie that is everything that would make them the happiest little camper on the planet right. Now i had one girl all she wanted was hugs and ice cream. So like we made a movie she could eat all the ice cream she wanted never gain a pound never lose a tooth never get sick all the hugs she could handle she was having a ball this is your chance to play now as you do that when that movie is perfect in every way i want you to step into it i want you to live it not once not twice.

But hundreds of times at the speed of thought over and over and over again each time you do that movie that memory gets bigger stronger brighter ten times better ten times stronger i want you to notice there's a place in your body where the feelings generated by that movie emanate from there's a color connected to it that's right. And i want you to notice what happens when you reach out grab that frame notice that energy getting stronger and stronger make it bigger and brighter all of a sudden that energy beams out of your body forming a brilliant frame around that movie making it even better brighter stronger more powerful than before and when you're ready reach up grab that frame lift it up over your head pull it down through your entire body from head to toe over and over again and each time you do notice what happens to that colored shape that originally got there and just keep doing it and notice what happens yeah just bring it through your body over and over again each time you do notice what happens to that old shape the original shape notice how it changes doug what'd you notice is it gone completely very much try to bring it back notice what happened instead what happened for you gone try to bring it back how did we get rid of it well there was something that was in your way we wanted to dissolve that keep going till you're done some people it's going to go right. Away some people is going to take a few passes remember you got to be able to follow the instructions right. That's fine keep watching it until it beams out of your body it reaches a certain level now what the hell did we just do there how many people noticed it went away the vast majority of you noticing one quid didn't it have a seat this is called holographic memory resolution my version i did not this this is my tweak on something that i did not invent there's been a guy named brent baum your system is a holographic information processing system it is simultaneously literal metaphorical and structural okay.

What we're doing now is we're interacting with the metaphors your neurology uses to create and contain your experience. But it's a vibrational phenomenon now what we did there was what we call resolution and this is my term resolution frequency generation this is law of attraction on steroids because there was a freak there was a nymph there was a vent in your body a memory a recording that had a certain set of feelings which was analogous to a vibrational range of frequencies can we accept that what we did was through asking that version of yourself that little fragment of consciousness which is holographic and fractal and knows everything that that part of you knew up to that moment. But it's trapped in that parallel universe like on an endless loop we went back through the feeling gate into that that bark of consciousness we resolved that we gave it resources that it didn't have. But.

Then we added something else we added the vibrations that that container was missing okay. Think of a prism versus white light we see colors because of frequencies that are missing right. Otherwise it would all be white which is our natural state white light okay. It's not a race thing it's a vibrational thing right.

My point though is when you find the feeling you enter the hologram you know what happened you know what needs to go there. So you resolve some of it now what you do is you ask what do you want to have instead when you create the movie you generate the feelings when you generate the feelings you generate the frequency range that's missing that allows that issue to be resolved to be processed fully out of the neurology like that okay. This is how you clear your two ways right. Off the bat point you both start with what point to where you feel it interact with the hologram who's got a fear anybody got a fear uh you always got up here you got a freebie is it okay.

To come off yeah okay. Um actually you know let's before we bring you up let's go ahead and take a break because it's nine o'clock um uh i'm sorry i went a little over. But i wanted to give you this this is again a lot of stuff that you guys asked about was about clearing. So i'm giving you some really powerful clearing drills right.

Here's the secret to this if you point to where you feel it you have everything you need to change it when we come back we'll do a couple more clearing drills and i have a gift for everybody as well everybody who came out tonight especially for sitting through 90 almost two hours of me strolling on without getting a potty break i'll have a free gift for you normally to walk in my door it's 175 now we have a bunch of people who've been my clients uh raise your hands and be my client talk to these people free gift come in free 30-minute consultation come in pick my brain i don't take everybody as a client what i promise to do is give you 30 minutes of my time we'll talk about your problems we'll talk about what you want if what you do is what you have as a fit for my methods we'll discuss strategies and tactics for getting your situation resolved in the shortest amount of time possible if it's not a fit i'll tell you that too i don't want to waste your time i don't want to waste money. But i will point you in the direction of someone who i think can help you. So if that's something you may be interested in please see linda we only got about 10 slots available because my schedule is like crazy. But see linda she'll take care of you in the meantime eat as much chocolate drink as much coffee as generally possible we'll see in 15 minutes the red notebooks are yours to keep and.

Then when we come back we'll do image cycling or we'll do some more clearing stuff would that be okay. All right. Go come on in all right. There is.

So much to the law of attraction. But it all starts with you okay. There's two things you need regardless of what techniques you apply in the law of attraction okay. I'm just go ahead and start talking um because there's a lot of things i want to share.

But i know i know you guys want the actual manifesting techniques as well. But really what taints your manifestation are the thoughts ideas beliefs below the threshold of your conscious awareness the feeling states in your body if we do nothing tonight. But learn how to do that and we learn how to control our state the impact and the potential of what you get tonight is beyond pearls with regards to fritz the truth is is that if everything i was telling doug and some of the other guys the other guy everything that human beings do every behavior we generate is in response to a feeling every single one i don't care how rational you think you are okay. Even the most rational logical people on the planet crunch the data they get a feeling when they act on the feeling okay.

This is observation now you don't have to believe me if the things you have the things you do work better for you faster than the things i'm saying. Then just do that okay. But here's what i'm here's two things feeling identity there's two act there's two things you need to have regardless of whatever other law of attraction techniques you bring to bear on a situation one you need an identity an identity that supports having it that goes back to the dominant thoughts ideas and beliefs yes. You need an identity that supports having it you need to be the person for whom those things can happen to okay.

A very very wise woman uh actually tailors i'll give you taylor sinclair uh it was actually taylor's mother who said it to her taylor said it to me and it goes like this she would say to taylor said taylor you can be anything in this world that you want to be. But. First you have to become the person to whom that thing can happen to and that's why when we got asked what you guys wanted to take home tonight everybody wanted to clear this and get rid of that focus blocks fears things like that those all go to identity those all go to all your identity do you have the end of the self-esteem the self-image that supports the vibrational ranges that allow you to manifest it because you can have you know ren you know in the role gaming world we say anybody can roll a natural 20. i don't know who the geeks are you're a geek i like her already right. Anybody can get lucky which i have a course on how to get lucky it's not what you think or maybe it is that's actually the title it's not what you think or maybe it is um.

But there are certain characteristics that lucky people share did you know that certain psychological attributes that all lucky people share psychology today did a very deep study or they published someone who did a study on that right. We don't have time to go into that otherwise we'll be here all night talking about all the other things we could be doing. But you need an identity that supports it one of the fastest things to do is clear your crap all right. Now i gave you some very powerful techniques the.

Second of which was the holographic memory resolution process remember every feeling that you have in your body is composed of a vibrational matrix that is containing certain frequencies and missing others where it's stored in your body is the point of feeling that's the node where all the different elements of that experience come together where the cloud brings it back right. It goes up and into the cloud and it comes back follow me follow me okay. If we can point to where we feel it we can change it if we point to where we feel it we can change it okay. Um yes.

Can you repeat it with um sure we image cycle let me finish let me before i finish this let me just close the other loop the other piece you need is the willingness and the ability to act for everything that you impregnate the non-local universe with you must create a vessel for it to manifest that means there must be a physiological action-based component that drives it into this reality if it's just you manifesting spoiling and you sit by your phone and do absolutely nothing it ain't gonna happen i've actually seen people posting on forums i've been i've been doing my affirmations for two months and nothing has happened well have you done anything no. I've been sitting by the phone nothing's happened nobody's called really you must act there must be a physical component some actions that you're taking the worst thing you can do when you're trying to apply the law of attraction is nothing okay. Because once you're in motion the universe can course correct you the best gps in the world can't help you if you stay in one spot you got to be willing to move now that's what what stops us from being willing to move that's the problem right. Now.

So two things you got to have you got to have the identity that supports being that person and having that life you got to be willing to take the actions to get there that means do whatever it takes it's almost like you have to take the action regardless of whether you did any kind of law of imagination or law of attraction work period if you had no. Understanding of the law of attraction no. Belief in it whatsoever and you were going to go for it. Anyway that's what you should do and the universe will test your resolve it's not a one it doesn't start off as a one to one ratio that's my experience yours may be different you may put out 10 units of energy and get one unit of return for a while.

Then maybe you'll put out five units of energy and get six units of return. Then eventually you'll put out one unit of energy and you'll get two units of return and they'll just keep going that way. But the universe will test your resolve. So remember that there's safeguards built in part of it most of it's in us when you're gonna when you're gonna do the image cycling technique the.

First thing you do is decide what you want when you decide what you want it has to have an emotion connected to it there's got to be a feeling that just yeah right. Be playful damn it reminds me that story floggings will continue until morale improves we gotta have an emotion now the secret to image cycling is that we have to carry past it in other words let's say i want a million dollars one million dollars right. One million dollars right. Well that's okay.

But if i had a million dollars if you had a million dollars what would you do with it what would you and it can be completely selfish by the way in fact the more selfish this is the better it works you want to see somebody put a big lump of steaming poop on your dreams try to be altruistic be selfish. First be altruistic. Second yes. Someone raised the hand up huh big sailboat yeah all right.

Awesome. So can you imagine yourself on your sailboat oh yeah and if you had yourself look. At her she's lighting up like a christmas tree right. That's what we want.

But wait if you had your sailboat if you could imagine yourself on your sailboat why would you do that you have an island in mind all of it what would be the. First one hawaii can you imagine yourself stepping off your sailboat onto hawaii for the. First time can you make a big old movie like that yeah can you imagine what it's like is there a feeling you get when you do that point to where you feel it notices a picture floating in the space around you that represents it reach out and touch it make it bigger wrap it around you like a big blanket now she's ready to image cycle one million dollars sailboat hawaii guess what she cycles hawaii in nlp we call this presupposition what has to be true for that what's you know water coming through a light yeah someone yeah good good thinking john apparently when we manifest hawaii we got the ocean too you're real unwrapped the picture unwrapped the picture see what i mean weird happens weird happens i bet somebody i bet you somebody fell asleep and left the toe the tub running that actually happened when i was teaching i was just i just got back from london i made a decision this year i was going to manifest taking my training business international. So we wound up in london peterborough and one one night somebody had fallen asleep left the bathtub running and the entire ballroom on this on the.

First floor got flooded they were politely asked to leave the hotel in a body bag. But. Anyway that's a joke the english are very polite their body bags right. But this is the structure of an image cycle you don't focus on that you focus on the result on the result of the result of what you want okay.

Now i don't know if we have time. But this is how we would manifest. So i gave you the clearing stuff right. Now you can clear any anything i showed you a fear a block by the way lack of focus is lack of desire that's all it is you want more focus amp your desire does that make sense point to where you feel it reach out and touch it right.

Make a movie of it what's happening whatever works yeah well hopefully the uh the maintenance people will get in here pretty soon. So thank you very much i appreciate that um. So you guys want to image cycle a little bit now normally what i would do is i would actually have you holding a bottle of water in your left hand while you do this yeah you know i think i'm going to stay away from water tonight. But the reason i do that is because i learned image my this version of image cycling is mine.

But i learned image cycling from a guy named bill bankston who wrote a book. Called the energy cure remember i talked about the bankston energy healing system which has the most documented cures cases of curing cancer and animal-controlled clinical trials bill is the one that taught me this he taught me image cycling as a way to facilitate energy healing. But one of his offhand remarks he said during a break was yeah by the way be careful what your image cycle because it'll manifest and i'm like what because his focus is on energy healing right. And actually what he said was be careful um what you image cycle and getting people to do things that they don't want to do because they'll find a way to screw it up and i'm like bill what did you say he said did you just say that you can image cycling get people to do things they don't want to do he goes yeah.

But don't do that because they'll find a way to screw it up i said bill did you just tell me that you can use image cycling to get people to do things they don't want to do and it'll work i don't know um he goes yeah. But don't do it because he'll find a way to screw it up that's all i need to hear because in in every form of magic metaphysics whatever we're taught you can't do that or maybe you just shouldn't right. But bill spent a lot of time kicking over idols he's taken energy healing into the laboratory and exploded a lot of myths that a lot of us have in these various energy healing disciplines now i don't recommend you go doing weird to people it's going to come around somehow some way maybe not this lifetime. But.

Next lifetime to be smoking a turd in hell i don't know. But just you don't need to be evil you can move through the world to get everything you want by helping everyone else get what you want and you're allowed to be selfish you're allowed to say i want a new car i want a sailboat i want to go to hawaii in fact the more you do that the easier it works we're taught one of the most disheartening things about when we start teaching image cycles when people go to make their lists how few things they have how quick they run out of ideas i got to teach you guys how to get greedy right. Seriously. But once you do that you're going to find out a a lot of the things a lot of the technologies that i've been teaching you about and giving you experiences up here and there apply and vice versa right.

So here's what we're going to do i want you to not take out a piece of paper number one to five and if people want to do the water experiment i'll give you five minutes around buy two bottles of water from the uh from the front desk just don't drink them okay. Here's what you're gonna do you're gonna pick five things that you want five things that you want that's your number one remember they gotta have an emotional content they got to have something that's got to have a lust factor to it right. Once you had that what you had once you got number one what are you gonna do with it what's it gonna do for you what would you do. Then right.

Izzy had a great one million dollars sell vote sell the hawaiian islands beautiful perfect right. By the way you can do physical attributes as well you can heal your eye bill bankston actually talks about um he started doing image cycling to fix his eyesight and he stopped because he was going through glasses too fast right. A lot of weird cool i recommend you pick up his book. The energy cure really really good stuff energy cure you can download it as a kindle book.

And he actually shows you in there he has pictures of the rats he was working on and you can see the tumors and that's where i have to warn you two things about energy cycling you need to understand a many times especially when he was doing it for energy healing there was an exact an acceleration of the disease process in other words they got worse and. Then the entire disease process collapsed like a zit popping pow and what you'll see in the book. Is you'll see uh pictures of these rats and they have little i think they have a ruler. Next to them i can't remember exactly up on the head and you'll see these tumors day seven day eighty nine up up twelve whatever how many days they did it and the the tumor is just getting bigger and bigger and bigger and.

Then all of a sudden the entire thing just collapsed and within a couple of days there's no. Sign that was ever a tumor there the interesting thing about those around those particular studies was that um it was done on rats genetically designed to die from cancer they were they had absolutely no. Some of them had absolutely no. Immune system some of them were just regular test rats in the control group as the tumors got bigger and bigger and bigger the rats became more listless more emaciated their eyes.

Got dull they they just were basically waiting to die the rats being treated these tumors continued to grow as well. But these rats were like they on steroids they were jumping they were running the rails they were just playing like there was nothing like this ping-pong ball-sized tumor grown out. But their eyes. Are bright.

They're eating and. Then all of a sudden at some point it just goes away now image cycling and the been extended energy healing process are two separate processes that's why bell created image cycling to keep you out of the way of the healing process the side effect you manifest what you cycle bill bankston b-e-n-g-s-t-o-n he's currently the the president of the society for scientific exploration which has a very very uh dense website a lot of clinical studies and things like that bankston b-e-n-g-s-t-o-n okay. You also you can also go to bankstonresearch.com you've published all of his studies. So you can look.

Them up right. So the vibration frequency is the analogous to the feeling our posture and our breathing control of feeling. Therefore we control our breathing we control our feelings we control our frequency and our variation that goes to manifesting right. Manifesting what we want what we want to what we get as a result of what we want and what we want as a result of that that's where we focus we create a symbol or a word that embodies that and.

Then when we cycle we go through them like uh flipping the the. Next button on a powerpoint slide as fast as we can and that's as much as you need to know because any way that you do that is okay. Bill hands out his manual in his trainings it's a business card has two words on it one side says be playful the other side says avoid ritual which means once you understand the cycling process moving through these these symbols that you've created that have an emotion attached to them you cycle through them as faster and faster and faster as you can you'll lose conscious track of them it doesn't matter it's not a conscious process. But the organization of it is how we do this pick what you want what's the result of what you want what's the result of that create a symbol focus on that that is what you cycle everything else is presupposed it's already there i want you to number your your your paper from one to five do five of these pick something you want what you're going to do as a result of getting what you want and what you're going to do as a result of the result of getting what you want turn it into a symbol or a word that when you see that word or you hear that word or you say that word to yourself the feeling comes up right.

Just create a list of five the faster you get done. Then what you can do is if you want to do the water experiment you can run out to the front desk or actually what i can do how many how many people are in this room linda how many people you got in the room [Music] if you're not here raise your hand linda how many people are in the room how many people are you have tonight you know i did that. But all the chairs are taken that's helpful that's helpful all right. Then i probably don't i i have about 50 bottles of water in my car that's probably not enough for everybody in the room.

But for those of you who want to do the water experiment we haven't we probably have just enough time if i run out to my car and get the water while you're while you're doing that. Then we we can probably do a little bit of the image cycling for yourself. So you can you can see what happens would that be cool right. All right.

Well i'm going to run out and grab grab the water from my car i'll bring it in and those of you who want to use it can use it if you don't you just want to cycle on your own that's okay. Too and we'll do that right. So. First half of the meetup i didn't forget you by the way oh i didn't forget you don't have to come up you don't we can do it during you know whatever okay.

But the reason that we started with the clearing is remember whether it's a fear a block a resistance there's a location in the body where the feeling emanates from the behaviors you're generating are in response to the feeling once we find the place where we feel it we know how to access it. So we can start to change it right. Now there will be some things that you're going to need help with right. But not as many as you think when you find those things you know how to find me right.

But this is for you this is for you to go home tonight and start custom creating your world your way and everything's allowed remember that okay. Write your stuff i'm going to get this my stuff and. Then we'll do stuff together all right. Now keep in mind that initially when we teach image cycling we recommend you start with a list of 20 things.

But this is enough for tonight now here's the cool thing i want you to everybody have at least two bottles of water you need at least two okay. We need to re-proportion everybody needs at least whoever is going to do the water exercise needs at least two bottles of water if you do not have a bottle or you can always if we don't if we run out now might be a good time while we're disseminating this to run out to the front desk and raid them right. You do that um also what you can do is a little cheaper version if they have water up front um you may want to use that i don't i would i like i like to use sealed water because. Then you can you know you really kind of clinically control your conditions a little bit better.

But again the idea is you want water that's as close to the same as you can without being uh adulterated in any way right. If it works the same if you don't have the water right. Yes. Yeah um i just find it's easier the reason we and i'll explain why we do this i've explained it a little bit already.

But the truth is when bill created image cycling he did it with a very specific intention he did it with a very specific intention the intention was to teach a process that would keep the person doing the healing out of the way to engage the other parts of the brain. So that the healing process could do its own work can you i'm gonna have a nice his his his shirt looks an awful lot like a sign page like one of those test pages on the. So i'm going to have this little test page imprint it's all right. I'll give you guys a discount on tonight give you 100 discount at.

First okay. That's fine what matters is the end result of the end result of the end result not the the way you got there right. We don't worry about how we get there that's up to the universe all right. This is one of the characteristics by the way of naturally lucky people naturally lucky people focus on the destination not how they get there people who have to work exceptionally hard they focus on micromanaging every little part of the process and they beat themselves up when one thing goes one degree off okay.

So again you'll find that there's a lot of parallels between people who are naturally using the law of attraction lucky people and what we're doing here the difference is it's because we're taking it out of unconscious awareness we're giving you the on and off switch we're giving you the ability to decide and direct consciously what you want and what you want to remove instead of letting things happen at random and by default and that's really why you're here regardless of why you think you came the truth is all those reasons come down to one or two things you want to take the randomness out of your life you want to have more control and influence over where your life goes and how it unfolds true not true and that's okay. We're all control freaks i'm the biggest one on the planet right. We all came here to become all that we're capable of. But to do that we sometimes have to do the counter-intuitive things and unless some idiot with no.

Social life sits up here and teaches you these things well good luck all right. So here's how this works you have your lists. So what i want you to do is we're going to just dry run it take one of your one of your bottles place it in your left hand take your other bottle place it under your chair remember to mark the bottle that is in fact your test bottle the one in your hand. So you don't get them mixed up mark it in some way hold it in your left hand and.

Then for all intents and purposes just forget about it is that sealed is that bottle sealed is he i know what i'm saying is does it is it has you have you drunk from it already okay. Do you have another bottle okay. No. I just wanted to be as much i want to i want to i want to have as clean a test as possible.

So you got two different brands of water. So i don't know how different those waters taste already okay. That's all i'm saying is i'm just pointing that out. So that's why i like to have the same brands from this again i try to keep everything as clinically as i can right.

Take that bottle put it in your left hand and just forget about it. But keep it in your left hand right. You're gonna get tired holding it up like that. But that's okay.

It's like product placement right. Your right. Hand um i don't know you can play with it i was told i look. For i was told that the energy of them for some reason the bankston frequencies that's what i call them for some reason when they hit the body and they come out the body they come out through the left hand it's very contra to what a lot of other systems are doing.

So put it you know hold it comfortably because you're going to be holding it for a while all right. So close your eyes. For me make yourself comfortable uh actually before we close our eyes. Look.

At your list. So you can remember these remember we don't need to know everything here if we've done our work properly that should all be presupposed. So this is this is what you want to put column three right. You got them you ready to play okay.

So here's what i'm going to do i'm going to run you through just a little mental relaxation exercise just to kind of get you jones and you don't have to do it this way this is just how i like to do it to help facilitate people entering state okay. I want you to close your eyes. For me take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper with every breath you take every beat of your heart all i want you to do is relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounds you hear other than the sounds of my voice or simply the sounds of a hotel environment people moving up and down doing what they do the way they do it you may hear water dribbling which means is he's going to hawaii. But that's all right.

I want you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. I'd like you to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids i'd like you to begin to relax them more and more and more until they're. So relaxed that you couldn't actually open them without putting more tension back into them until they're. So relaxed they just won't work when you know you've got them that relaxed just give them a little test to be sure.

Then stop testing let that level of relaxation flow from the top of your head and all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper with every breath you take every beat of your heart now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to imagine that. First image on your list i want you to notice we're in your body when you think of that thing there's a place in your body where that feeling lives notice the image floating in the space around you notice what happens to the feeling in your body as that feeling and that picture begins to expand expanding to the size of a drive-in movie theater screen crystal clear like an imax let those feelings course all throughout your mind all throughout your body when you know you've got it move on to image number two and notice where you feel that and find the image make it as big as a drive-in movie theater screen crystal clear like an imax and we know you've got that move on to number three turn up the sound turn up the volume turn up the experience that's right. And when you know you've got it move on to number four big as a drive-in movie theater screen you can even wrap it around you if you want notice what happens to the feelings turn up the sounds going to five when you know you've got it double it again and now when i say one i want you to bring up image one and the feelings with it when i say two image two and the feelings with it when i say three image three four and.

So on and. So on and. So on now you will reach a point at some stage during this process where it's no. Longer you're no.

Longer consciously seeing. But there's a part of you that knows those images are cycling just continue to amplify one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five [Music] faster faster even faster faster double it now you go faster faster that's right. Faster and faster faster and faster over and over again double the speed double the force double the feeling double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own and. Then it speeds up even faster and faster that's right.

One minute speed up one minute one minute noticing the speed doubling the force doubling the magazine keep doubling that sucker beautiful over and over again i like it. But not fast enough faster warp speed hyperspace anyone make it even go faster and faster and faster still and. Then double it make it go faster allow it to go faster speed it up speed it up speed it up that's it i see some of you that heads are starting to knock that's how i know that's right. Speed it up faster faster faster faster have fun speed it up there is no.

Speed limit make it go faster and faster and faster still in a moment i'm going to count allow your eyes. To open take a look. Around open your eyes. Oh some of you got some chinese eyes.

Going on there i'm an expert on chinese eyes. I married one what was that like is good how about you yeah it gets better remember this is the worst you'll ever be at it keep that keep that keep that thing in your hand close your eyes. See if i can set my timer here [Applause] no. Not 20 minutes although that would be a good start no.

Not two hours thank you there we go close your eyes. Image one image two image three image four image five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five faster i didn't say open your eyes. Faster make that crap go faster remember this is your stuff how bad do you want it be playful be joyful let those feelings wash through your body spin it faster cycle faster faster faster faster double the spin double the speed double the size double the 90. keep doubling it over and over and over again if you're not getting your jollies in this exercise you're doing it wrong it's all about feeling good if you remember the things we're cycling for the things that give us joy the things that give us pleasure the things we want in life raise your vibration revel in that playfulness remember playful is a high frequency and higher frequencies dominate lower frequency. So speed it up faster faster faster how much joy do you want yawning is good by the way yawning needs your clearance spin that raise that frequency speed it speed it up 10 seconds speed it up faster faster faster very good this guy's going to rock it here good good good faster faster faster allow your eyes.

To open and it's not different you see what you notice that's not uncommon what'd you notice young lady never mind never mind david would you notice feel good he has no. Foot come out of trance would you notice yeah if it's feeling good you're doing it right. You're feeling good done ready when you're on three close your eyes. We'll do three minutes this time we'll be more efficient and i'll turn on the actual alarm.

So you can hear it [Laughter] go image number one two three four five six seven eight nine ten screwed you up on that one didn't i one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five two three four five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five faster spin that faster how much good feelings can you stand faster faster faster the faster you spin the better you feel the better you feel the faster you spin the faster this stuff comes to you faster double it triple it ride that puppy like hyperspace faster and faster and faster still over the hill and through the woods to hyperspaceville we go faster faster even faster faster faster faster nice little kiss song plaster caster. Anyway faster faster faster faster faster that's it you guys are doing great faster one minute 34 seconds faster can we break the speed limit there you go some people got that twitch going i like that faster faster faster amp them feelings up amp them up amp them up feeling feeling feeling faster faster faster cycle cycle cycle that's right. If you're yawning you're changing you're changing that means your vibrations raising go go go faster faster faster faster faster fast that's not a suggestion by the way it just happens to be one of the ways people release go faster faster faster enjoy yourself have fun with it playfulness this is not hard work it's the best work it's the right. Work spin it faster cycle it faster this is your life what do you want how much joy do you want to have how much fun do you want to have how much money do you want for yourself what are you going to do with it cycle that crap faster faster and faster that's it that's it faster 34 seconds faster okay.

I don't want to see any poop when you're coming out you're clenching the wrong part right. Faster faster faster faster [Laughter] that's better playful playful playful if you're gonna poop poop hundred dollar bills that's right. Poop go go go go your unconscious mind knows how to edit it's okay. You're fine cycle it faster faster faster faster enjoy yourselves have fun with it open your eyes.

Notice how different you feel [Music] you guys up for one more round yeah it's going to get better you want more i don't know i'm ecstatic and sterile close your eyes. One more time we'll just do two minutes this time okay. Close your eyes. Image one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five [Music] faster go faster faster faster i'm cycling it all up to you i know don't sing david just let me cycle cycle cycle cycle faster faster faster even faster i'm watching you all faster double the spin double the cycle dumb of the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life if it's until it's impossible to stop you couldn't stop it if you wanted to try to turn that off notice what happens instead cycle it faster send it out to the universe with all the love and joy and good feelings you can stand realizing it's only going to get better and cycle faster cycle it even faster that's right.

Faster faster faster you got it baby faster faster faster faster faster faster faster faster faster you're doing great really good 15 seconds faster go for it go for it that's good i'm seeing some happy juice here they come walk down the street all right. Notice how good you feel [Music] i think i need a cigarette do you smoke after cycling i don't know i never looked all right. Here's what i want you to do take your your your test water open it up take a swig now we are going to discount temperature differences just because you've been holding it. But there can be a temperature difference you may notice the thing actually well i won't tell you what to think i want you to taste your water now seal it gently place it under your chair and get your control water out and take his tip up take a sip of it and tell me what you notice it's better a little bit which one the control tastes better okay.

No. No. It tastes better oh bitter and the other one what flat what do you notice what flat is there a discernible difference in your water what the hell just happened you weren't even concentrating on changing the water there's a part of you that does and there's a part of you that thinks and they're not the same now i'm not going to suggest you drink that water you just charged because it might have interesting effects [Music] right. No.

It would be fine what you've done is the bankston energy healing method i don't know how he charges it i've been charging water for almost three decades. So. But my point is is this is something you can test this is something you can prove to yourself you just changed the taste the ph actually of the water you were holding in less than 15 minutes cycling images that had nothing to do with the water what else is possible i'm not giving you anything that hasn't been proven the difference is i'm giving you the experience of doing it in a way that you can prove to yourself this is the worst you'll ever be at it the. First time you learn anything is worse you'll ever be right.

You're only going to get better yes. So let's say you wanna you can use it for healing for manifesting and you can do it for everything every single thing you want yes. Okay. Can you do it every day yes.

Yes. You can in fact you can use negative emotions to cycle your to fuel your energy cycling that was one of the interesting things it's like if you get pissed off somebody cuts you off in traffic you can take that emotional energy throw it right. Into your image cycle and cycle in the things you want and it'll help that i got from bill right. We talk about transforming negative emotions we talk about alchemy right.

This is another way we can begin to perform alchemical practices within our self. But it's a concrete this is you know a stack of bibles god is my witness this is the most powerful manifesting tool i've ever seen would you want to change the emotions the negative emotions into positive you start focusing on positive focus on what you want not on what you don't want right. And in this particular process we carry past we don't focus on the million dollars we focus on the benefits of having the million dollars because that's really what we're going for we don't care about the money not really we want the money gets us right. Okay.

There's there for every rule there's an exception. But by and large this is how we do it. So. First half of the meet up we talked about how to clear shift right.

Point to where you feel it find the image reach out touch it move that around right. Second part of the meet up we focused on how to get being a technical term all right. Everybody have a good time okay. Couple of things if you had a great time if you learned a lot go out and tell lots of people have them come out and see us post good things to the meetup if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's right.

Uh thank you all for coming out please get your if you want to come see me if you have something you think i can help you with or guide you through take advantage of that 30 minute console if all you want to do is pick my brain for 30 minutes it's still my dime see linda some videos i put out on youtube for free others are premium content within my nlp power membership set which we just had redone it is really freaking awesome. So if you go to nlpower.com you'll see all kinds of cool stuff up there hundreds like over 100 over 200 200 videos and 100 blog posts are up there already. But there's also membership content and stuff like that this one was pretty dense on subject. So i haven't decided which parts will be public and which parts will be premium.

But if you guys want access to it we'll find a way to make that fair is that okay. Thank you for coming out have a great night [Applause].
