Title: super surprise Friday AMA
File Name: oadT3LSyAHs.txt
Video Id: oadT3LSyAHs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oadT3LSyAHs

Hello hello hello everyone this is dr david coming at you just thought i'd uh pop on and uh kind of share some time with you since i had a friday free till the wife comes home for date night and uh it's been a while since i've been able to hang out with you guys on a on a pretty extended basis. So. Anyway let's see here well you love you like the glasses these are my uh my computer shades you see here um i want to make sure i can get to the chat window since the only way i can really i can see your chats when is my. Next hypnosis class um we've got uh we've got regression certification coming up november i believe it is uh you need to have our identity by design class to get into that one though.

So i would recommend if you want to do the really advanced heavy duty stuff you get into identity by design or you get into the self mastery supercharger which is coming up in january hey cynthia and there's steve and elmwood and connor and brian and antron and steve again uh let's see here i just want to make sure i don't miss anyone who's kind of joining us there's janelle let me see here there's liam hey liam i got your message by the way well done keep it going you don't like it change yes. Thank you suppressor and drm and there's essa essie you're sleepy okay. Let me shine all right. So you got me for a little while i'm kind of hanging out i was gonna jones it for some socialization this is as close as i'm gonna get right.

Now. So uh until the wife comes home. So what do you got for me what do you want to know let me see if i can make this a little bigger here if i can see it easier here we go okay. Suppressor says i'm new to your work do you have classes on manifestation yes.

We have an actual whole trail uh whole training funnel on uh hermetics and advanced law of attraction and manifestation work it starts well again to get into that class you need to have our killer influence or uh identity by design programs that would qualify you for vibrational influence or hidden and of course hidden laws of attraction which is kind of a more obvious way in we recommend that you have identity by design for that class. But it's not actually a hundred percent of prereq. So optimally you want to start off with identity by design and or killer influence. Then jump into vibrational influence or hit muslim attraction um we just decided that uh come i think it's march or i think it's march we're gonna be doing a seven day uh energy and vibrational influence training including reiki product chronic work things of that nature out in costa rica.

So for those of you who are looking for an excuse to travel where it's a little bit more uh coveted friendly i guess is a good word to say it that would be a great great time for a full immersion into the things that we do we have full trainings on advanced manifestation mind powers and things of that nature. So that hopefully that answers your question um we're going to be doing a we have two soul mates classes coming up. But they're uh they're they're by invitation only. So if you weren't on one of our webinars that we did um that that those are off limits for right.

Now we may be doing a live one uh come 2022. But right. Now we're just we're just doing it as a virtual event let's see ben ch just want to say after a long time not using these techniques i tried spinning technique on my wife and she has had no. Headaches for a week she usually has chronic knees bravo my friend well done keep it up keep it up lionel brown says hello sir liam says sweet luck shade what say hold on a.

Second jumped on me hello david hello back mike keisler david i'm glad i caught you something actually home well the universe lines up right. Janelle says fascinated by the books on your shelves reading recommendations well you know i have a massive massive required reading list for all of my uh platinum and my mondo and platinum and above students. So um depending on what you asked me about will uh depend on what books i recommend. But i have lots of recommendations and kron petty says i want to do it all life coaching in the therapy where should i start for you i start with identity by design not for sure if that's if that's something you know you want to do.

Then nothing really lays the foundation for any of the things you mentioned and. Then better than identity by design i have not seen um any course that produces high quality high level practitioners as rapidly and as consistently as the identity by design system okay. Surprise says i will be there in march uh let's see here symphony says killer influence is in april correct let me look. At my uh let me look.

At the website really quick how many of you guys knew that we had a brand new website davidsnydernlp.com we haven't done a great job of promoting the new website. So hold on a. Second i just typed the wrong name www [Music] you barely see my screen i'm kind of far away there we go uh if you go to davidsnydernlp.com forward slash events our. Next killer come on i think our.

Next killer influence is in march in fact i'm almost positive it is uh this view doesn't show me anything beyond 2022. But yeah i'm 90 sure we have a killer influence in march let me go back to my oh there's seth costa rica's in may that's right. My bad with all my martial arts training could i take steven seagal no. Idea no.

Idea i'm sure stephen would say yes. He could take me and as a martial artist i should say i should take him. But let's be honest who really knows uh antoine petty thank you sir no. Cash god badly.

But i have no. Clue to start everything just goes blank help please well everything goes blank here's the secret hack pretend you know exactly where everything is and spin it as if you absolutely didn't know and you just keep doing it and i think you'd be surprised to how rapidly your system just takes over and uh resolves those things by the way don't when you spin regardless of how you're going about it don't be surprised if you have all kinds of weird physiological responses spinning affects everyone a little bit differently. But the one thing we do see pretty consistently is that there's always a processing period sometimes it's a few seconds sometimes it's a couple minutes. But whatever your body does during that processing period just allow it to happen it's what your body needs to do to to clear it out okay.

If you're guiding somebody through it and you put your hands on them hold that space until they visibly relax and you know. Then they signal that that you're done if you're doing it on yourself hold your own body uh until the system kind of reboots and you kind of get an idea that okay. That's that's done okay. These are just some little tidbits that you can you can kind of do on your own that um can significantly help your spinning.

But at the end of the day the part of you that controls all of these different processes in your body is the exact same part of you that knows how to play pretend. So by pretending you can access that same level of your neurology and all the things that your imagination connects to okay. I didn't design the system. But i did kind of reverse engineer how that kind of works um.

So play with it the more playful and explorational you are um avoid having preconceived notions about how something's supposed to feel that's your conscious mind interfering and just accept whatever comes and i think you'll be pretty amazed at how rapidly just starts to clear up theresa says no. I don't know what that's about. But uh audrey oh did not know about the website yeah it's. So let me put it in the in the chat for you it's w and the good news is we just got our instagram account back it's uh david snyder nlp at instagram if you guys could all help uh help me out by kind of spreading the word about the instagram stuff it's kind of our little secret um social media thing we're starting to try to do a little bit more i mean reaching out to more people putting out more content things of that nature.

So the more you can help us by joining our lists you know i know a lot of you just kind of follow me on youtube and that's great um if you want to get in the loop on on more things that we've got going on we've got a ton of stuff we we have been. So busy with creating new content creating new courses um we many of you really may have heard we just did a massive epic training with behavioral influence expert chase hughes of the behavior panel um it was a it was a grand slam home run people are calling it the most powerful training they've ever been to um and chase himself was. So excited he's bugging me to do another one. So if you like the behavior stuff that you saw chase and i do uh by all means if you want to if you want to learn how to get involved in those things you want access to the videos when they come out because they're they're editing right.

Now we've videotaped all four days of the training uh. Then by all means make sure you get on our mailing list make sure you get on our social media uh obviously you've been around you know my youtube channel has been around the longest. So i'm kind of a i'm kind of what's the word i'm looking for um guy who's not very technical um. Anyway i i just i just got up on all that stuff.

But uh if you want to you know ken you know we're also on clubhouse and things of that nature and i'm just trying to figure out how i'm gonna divide myself into all these different channels or if i should just repurpose old content or things like that maybe you guys can give me some clues as to what you want to learn more about what you want to know about things of that nature i think of us as a community as a family and. So you know i have my own desires and things i want to know about for myself um and many times those things are similar to what you guys want. But a lot of times you guys have something that's completely what i would consider completely out of left field. But do you feel is related to the body of work that i do and if i can shed light on that for you if i can give you some insights into it or even open up a whole new line of research as is often the case people come to me with questions about stuff or people that the resources that they've studied say have you heard about this it sounds awful like something you do and.

Then i go and i go researching it and i find it holy batman there's a there's a whole wealth of stuff here uh that adds more depth and dimension to the things i'm doing. So it's kind of a collaborative effort you know um. So you know any any backwards and forwards communication i'm always open to it's harder to get a hold of me now than it used to be steph will tell you back in the days when we we had classes of like 12. we could all go to lunch together and continue the classes out there. But we still try to keep it intimate we we still try to have this you know make make access to me as accessible as as possible if that makes any kind of sense now let me scroll up here and see what we got orlando is asking uh just jesus is asking do you do one-on-one sessions i do.

But they're really really expensive because um my training schedule my my production schedule is really really tight. But if you want if you want access or information about trainings if you want to train directly with me you're gonna you're gonna pay the most um. But i do have trained associates that i do refer to that i have a tremendous amount of confidence in. So if you want you can give us a call at two eight two four six six three all right.

Four six two three and talk to stephanie and she'll she'll point you in the right. Direction where if you wanna work with me again i'm happy to work with you. But it's my time is a premium. So i'm trying to be an about it just there's only.

So much of me to go around and i think you guys know how that works right. Um. So lando on the fleeq says what's a good breathing technique to release tight neck muscles when i'm really anxious i'll tell you what i would recommend lando is if you go to my video uh instant emergency pain relief one. Second instant emergency there's a technique in that in that video called burst breathing or recovery breathing it's something i learned when i was studying systema and it is probably one of the most powerful um processes i have ever learned i have used it on fear i have used it on physical pain i have used inflammation uh anything that you can move your consciousness into and breathe from you can control and.

So for neck muscles and neck stiffness especially i think that would probably give you the biggest bang for your butt color breathing would also probably work as well. So take those two techniques play with it and let me know how you do let's see here liam says i can't even tell you the life change that seems to happen since i got your self-defense supercharger cool is that the self-defense supercharge or the self-mastery supercharger i have two supercharger programs i'm curious which one you got liam david peter hi david we manifest our world by our beliefs and if i believe in health over viruses with my immune system fight away viruses more efficiently the answer is yes. It will will it cure everything i can't say that. But the one thing we do know is that the beliefs you embrace deeply dramatically affect what your dna and.

Therefore the rest of your physiology does. So according to bruce lipton's work the beliefs we hold profoundly impact our dna over time and they very impact our dna it has to impact our immune system. So the short answer is yes. Uh with qualifications that you know everything everything everything works for somebody nothing works for everybody hopefully that's enough of a disclaimer to keep me out of court.

Anyway uh if you don't like it change it says question how can you energize your body to shift vibrations what's the fastest method probably the fastest method is probably what we call color breathing you start by by using physiological state control combine that with volitional state control access the body feeling turn it into a color ask yourself the magic question what do i want instead imagine what that would be like generate a body feeling turn that into a color breathe it through your entire body and within a few seconds uh you will start to experience a profound state change in most cases um linda on the says have i ever had a near-death experience no. I i for better or worse uh i am not one of the few who can say they've had a near-death experience i know i know several people who have um and uh. But i i personally haven't known petros cordolo i pronounced that right. Is the g silent i think i want to know more about i think what i want to know okay.

Janelle like the new website very user friendly excellent content nice design thank you thank you we worked long and hard on that sucker the old website is still running. So if you have stuff if you bought content on that website you can't access it you should theoretically be able to access it on both sites. But if you can't give us a shoot us an email and we'll work on getting all of your stuff transferred over to the new site uh let's see here if you don't like your changes i'm assuming you meant healing uh can you clarify the question brandon hey david long time no. See hoping well been very well actually i went through uh after i got back from hypno.

Thoughts i got hit with the delta virus and i spent a couple weeks kicking its ass and uh. So i've got some really brand spanking new antibodies that i just dying of that i thought i had to take to florida just to test out. So uh and apparently i'm doing pretty good. So let's see here let's see petross is asking one social conditioning in the real world two hypnotic keywords used in media three how to be more friends with the reptile okay.

Well petross i'd have to ask i'm gonna have to ask some questions about your questions. First of all what specifically do you want to know about social conditioning in the real world two um what do you mean by hypnotic keywords used in media hypnotic keywords for what specifically and three how do you be more friends with the reptile. First of all the reptile doesn't make friends the reptile by it by its own uh programming is a loner the difference is that the reptile understands that survival is enhanced by being in groups and being accepted by groups. So it will proceed to integrate itself into social into social groupings for the pure reason of survival.

But at the end of the day the reptile says this is my food that's your food. But your food is also my food. So i'm going to find a way to get your food fortunately for us we don't have just a reptile ring we have the mammalian brain which is kind of like the dog brain dogs are man's best friend. So it's the part of you that loves you thinks of it that way and.

Then of course you have the neocortex which is your. Third layer or your new brain and it's the party that kind of takes all these primal urges these emotional drives and sublimates them into socially acceptable behaviors. But below you peel back all the veneers and all the sublimations and things of that nature you've got primal drives at work driving the bus when you say be more friends with the reptile i think it might and again i'm paraphrasing i'm guessing what you mean how do you understand your reptile how do you be more in harmony with the reptile part of you and that's. First of all the key is really understanding it understanding it understanding how it communicates when it's communicating and what to do when it does communicate how to interpret those things i think those are the things that um when we talk about meeting friends the reptile loves you unconditionally uh everybody else that it tends to view through a very specific set of lenses right.

So anytime you're engaged in something that from the reptiles perspective moves the dna forward or allows the dna to survive your reptile is going to be happy i think that's what it's wrong. So shadow wolf is asking uh once you referred to hold on a. Second where is it i think it jumped on me here once you referred to it. So what is kahuna and why is it.

So powerful okay. So kahuna means uh is a practitioner a very high level practitioner of the polynesian art of huna uh luna is a depending on which there there's two different main divisions now um when we talk about huna i studied huna my branch of luna came from dr john lontoret through the huna society and was with the style that was originally reverse engineered by a guy named max freedom long there are other lineages of huna which are more i guess you could say they're more organic a lot of max freedom's long's work was a re-engineering or reverse engineering of the polynesian systems and what came out of that attempt to reverse engineer the polynesian system was a very efficient psycho-spiritual methodology for connecting the three different cells working with energies and creating thought forms and things of that nature and. So that's kind of to me that has always been the cleanest version of the huna that i practiced and that's the origins of what i practiced now had james went a little bit in a different route he kind of studied with some of the uh the original kahunas that would talk to him as far as i know i don't know much about uh his lineage. But there's uh serge kahili king is another resource for those kinds of things um.

But the early huna that i studied tremendously implemented or impacted all of the energy systems that i learned. Later on and it made a lot of them make sense and it made a lot of them workable. So uh that's kind of hopefully that that kind of clears up the whole huna thing i still under i still have a deep respect for the practices today and i've built on them in my own hermetics and things of that nature um. But there's no.

There's no. Conflict any at all really between the hermetics that i practice and the the huna stuff uh okay. Alexis says hey david liam says i have both he's i'm i'm assuming he's jesus not jesus uh i don't think he can put a price to well-being anxiety sucks absolutely 100 speaking for someone who's had chronic anxiety for most of his life um i completely completely um empathize okay. Liam says i was talking about self-defense supercharger yeah we we sat on that we we shot that actually two you three years ago and we basically sat on it we didn't really want to give it out to the general public um for a lot of reasons.

But um after a while we said you know what uh i don't know if any if these masters will ever be together again i don't know if i'll ever teach a class like this again as much as i would like to uh. So i think we're doing a disservice to the world by not sharing it and it's a little bit of a departure from a lot of the material that you're used to seeing from us. But it does show you the how the martial dimension has significantly informed a lot of the change work and the magical work and the manifestation work and therapy work that we do. So i'm glad you enjoyed it i'm glad it's helping you there's a lot more where that came from believe me there's a lot more than my my cool shades back on i know a lot of people say the shades are cool what do you guys think lachey aurora says could you please share some self-healing techniques um i can of course nico is asking do you still offer ferment yes.

But you have to ask for it um one of the problems that we kept running into um when we were trying to run facebook. Ads or what have you was they have a really really strong bias and sensitivity to anything pertaining to sexuality sensuality love and romance dating etc and. So even though we never actually advertised those products through facebook. The very fact that we had them available for sale on our website kept getting our ad accounts banned and.

So what we literally had to do was we had to take everything that had to do with love sex romance and dating off the website and especially now there may be a couple of of uh products still there uh i think we may still have like um speed attraction or the mating dance or something like that. But really uh any of the the deeper level studies into sensuality and sexuality which is a big part of the work that we do especially in the magical and the hermetics and the qigong side of things in addition to the dating and sexuality um issues which is where i actually started in terms of bringing information out to the public was it was teaching men and women how to be better lovers to each other. But unfortunately um that niche is you know it's hard to be an educator in that niche without getting lumped into porn sites and all that other crap and. So no.

Pun intended that was it became increasingly harder and harder and harder to stay in that niche uh and. So we just we just said you know what let's just make our life easy take all the products that have to do with that topic off the website they will still be available for sale if you call stephanie or email her directly uh and and talk to her and ask her for them she can sell them to you and give you access to them in the nlp power website or the david snyder nlp website. But as a rule you won't find them um unless there's a mistake in the programming somewhere you won't find them on the website. So once again if you if you're interested in that in that material uh you can you can email stephanie who's currently on vacation in coronado at nlpower.com or you can call her 858 282 4663 and just ask for those products and she'll she'll run your card over the uh you know over the phone or whatever and uh you can just log into your website and download the courses for yourself.

So i hope that helps. Then it says cynthia holly uh jesus you can work through that i did with david's teachings yes. Uh when rich von niprov says have you heard of robert alpec's during the alliance process for health and superior reflexes no. One rich i have not um sounds interesting.

Then ch says tips for concentration pretend you can concentrate really really well i know that sounds really like. But the truth is is that the moment you start engaging pretend and you pretend like the thing you're concentrating on is in fact the uh the most fascinating subject you'll find very very quickly that your powers of concentration tend to increase another thing you can do is if you have a time in your life when you actually did experience very strong very powerful concentration you can access the body feeling turn it into a color breathe it through your entire body and your body will tend to go into that state there's also a technique called by nlp called drug of choice which has a very similar effect that works very very well. So those are some things that you can research and look. Up i hope that helps um seth says ferver man is available.

But you have to call stephanie yes. All right. Shadow what does shadow say here hold on a. Second i once saw a video of yours describing either being able to spread it to put people in the trance what is it about and what does it mean the old indian fakers um and and uh gurus and things of that nature knew how to work with the elements they had this ability to gain rapport with one of the five primal elements that form the building blocks of our universe and channel it.

So they could take an energy like ether or fire or air and through a process of rapport gain harmony with it and bring it into their body and and fill rooms with it and one of the one of the product byproducts of that is when you fill a room with a certain quality of energy it has certain effects on the people in it and. So by filling a room with something like the ether or void or akasha they're all names for the same thing uh you could put people in a very profound level of trance and. So it was a lot of how uh the figures and the indian gurus and things of that nature would um produce these massive nodes its effects was by filling a room with an energy that automatically just put people into a hyper-suggestible state let's see here if you don't like it change it says thank you you're very welcome brandon says you look. Like bigger than.

Last time i saw you. So good on you. So when you say bigger i'm not sure if i does that mean i look. Fatter or i just have a better uh better camera shot the lens says hypnotic language modifiers okay.

What does that mean lin what do you want to do with it you know when people say hypnotic language all language is inherently hypnotic it's a question of how you use it that makes it more or less. So and what i mean by that is does it put people more in the trance you want them to be in or does it move them away into a different trance. So and you know better the question the better the answer. So once again lin i'm going to ask you to kind of rethink your question ask and re-ask it and if i can give you a satisfactory answer once i understand your question.

Then i'm happy to do that jessica fritz be still go within inhale deeply exhale completely your truth joy love and peace you will find okay. All right. Mark baron says howdy david howdy back shambhala institute could you elaborate on western versus eastern hypnosis and connection to yoga ayurveda and qigong um well all hypnosis is hypnosis. However the the eastern forms actually included a telepathic component in what they did whereas in western hypnosis mesmerism things of that nature um it was reliant more on suggestion although if you read some of the old manuscripts on mesmerism uh telepathic hypnosis was actually quite common uh the russians when they were researching mental influence were successfully able to induce hypnosis telepathically in unwilling subjects from quite a distance.

But didn't work on everybody there were you know there was a certain susceptibility level that the stuff the subjects had to have. So i hope that answers your question a little bit um. But as far as the yoga ayurveda to be gone a lot of the practices in the eastern side are very very similar very very similar some some use chanting to get to into that state others are more visual in terms of the mechanics that they use reinhorn's got a question relative to cycling what is the most effective moment in timeline of the achieve goals like fully done or other monk okay. I don't i think you have i think this is two different questions ryan horns uh.

So the. First question pertains to cycling. But your. Second question seems to be more geared towards nlp and timeline is that true or not true uh liam says i can completely understand why it's life-changing and informative cool he's referring to our self-defense supercharger which by the way is on sale right.

Now david snyderanov.com okay. Let's see uh pedro reptile understanding communication what does it mean and when is it communicating thanks and it's and it's alone social conditioning and buzzwords may come on another platform okay. So let's talk let's go back to understanding the reptile brain the reptile brain is the brain that controls survival above all else procreation and survival. So it looks at everything that it encounters through that lens the the reptile brain is the deepest most powerful part of you it is the part that has survived literally six million years or more.

So and as far as human physiology and neurology is concerned the older the part the more power it has. But that particular aspect of your neurology does not speak language as we understand it it communicates primarily through sensation okay. And because everything that you experience subjectively thinking feeling believing whatever starts at the reptile brain and. Then percolates upward usually the.

First thing to answer is the reptile brain or some aspect of your pre-conscious nervous system. So we have six dynamics of what we call an unconscious response you could think of it as the sixth dynamics of the reptile brain as well. First one is the unconscious mind will always answer you. First it will always answer you honestly it will always feel like you're making it up you'll almost always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's almost always like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind and it's almost never linear to that i would add the answers from the reptile brain will almost always be a feeling a body feeling specifically followed very very closely by a knee-jerk emotional response and the reason for that is again because everything originates in the reptile brain is connected to an emotion in a series of emotional memories and.

Then it pops up into your awareness as a kill that run away from it it's just like this do that. So when you're paying attention to the reptile brain understand you know pay attention to what you your initial gut reaction is and. Then step back and ask other questions to figure out if that gut response is actually the appropriate response more often than not it is. But we have two other brains for a very good reason it's not always right.

And we're not loners we are a social organism reptiles who learn to connect and. So. But many times the part of you that wants to survive will predominate. So it's always a good idea to check your check your information right.

With what is socially acceptable what is emotionally acceptable uh and what behaviors are appropriate usually our system to do pretty well in balancing out those those behaviors. But every now and. Then we get caught off guard right. That's what our state control training is really all about.

So i hope that answers your question the social conditioning and buzzwords they can come on another platform okay. That's fine alan m if the subject is an advanced non-native english speaker any concern the practitioner should have okay. Alan i'm not really sure what that question when you say advanced non-native english speaker what concerns are we looking for can you elaborate on that a little bit. So i can help answer that question uh let's see here let's see here i'm trying i'm trying to go right.

Down the list because it keeps jumping on me. So let me see here. So what would be what would you recommend for improving meditation utilization and healing posture and breathing focusing on body feelings more. So than visualizations um that's that's what i found works absolutely better for me i find that when we have body feelings that are in harmony with the energy that we want to connect with the visualizations um.

First of all they're easier to maintain. But also they don't become quite as important. So for me my big epiphany back in the day when i was just chronically listening to all kinds of self-hypnosis tapes and things like that and doing reiki on myself was that if i focused on the body feeling inevitably i got everything else. So that to me has been the biggest epiphany that's why we begin all of our of our trainings with hooked on a feeling right.

It's a mnemonic and an anchor for all of our students to remember that everything human beings do positive or negative is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of. So um that's would be that would be my biggest tip focus on the body feelings and that will become the bridge to the higher applications that you want to tap into love the name uh any tips to get over hesitation in taking a stock trade that fits your analysis. But sudden your hesitation stops you from striking at the right. Level well.

First of all recognizing that you have a fear is the. First step find the body feeling reach out touch the picture put a big black frame around it white it out write the write the lessons across it shrink it down move it behind you and you should be able to proceed forward uh in a much more emotionally neutral way because not only will you reprocess that particular energy um you'll also uncover the reason why you had it in the. First place and what it was trying to do for you which is always a good thing more self-awareness is always better than mine great question. So pyrus the alphanum us my friend says hey david how do i naturally increase my humor skills any other tip other than dti take a comedy class um immerse yourself in stand-up comedy and again one of the things that is probably a good idea is everybody has type of comedy that they're really good at um i have i have a lot of i spent a lot of time.

First of all i had a lot of natural predispositions because of my genetics and things like that. But i also spent a lot of time uh really internalizing guys like james carlin robin williams sam kennison um these were guys who were very very fast on their you know mentally agile were amazingly good with language very very deeply expressive people jerry lewis was another very early um role model of mine and he was very good at physical comedy just like robin williams was very good at physical comedy which is why when you watch a lot of when you come to my trainings and things like that you'll see i'm just looping off all the time it's all you know different types of physical. But some people aren't aren't cut out for that and. So there's many different ways to express or develop your comedic skills there's textbooks there's courses and i recommend you immerse yourself in all of them and figure out which styles of comedy really resonate with you because chances are if those are the styles of comment that really resonate with you they're probably the ones you're going to be good at um.

But that was basically what i did for a very long time was i looked you know i tried to hang out with people who were funny in in a cute kind of way that was one of my big epiphanies when i was in high school i was a little bit of a even. Then i was a little bit of a personality sponge i thought there were certain individuals who were very very popular not just because they were good looking which was absolutely part of it. But was also because of the way they were charming and i set a route to really model that kind of charm which had this kind of child-like little width to it um and it took. Me a long time to develop that because i had more of the mastering commander kind of energy i was more intimidating than the kind of kid that i was cute and.

So it took. Me a long time to kind of balance that out and i think it was something it was it was time well spent because one of the things that really kind of counts against you in in social situations is the intimidation factor if you're if you're working from a purely um that's what i'm looking for like from a purely authoritarian executive position like do it or else kind of an energy. Then that that intimidating kind of energy can be effective. But if you're looking for people's good will if you're looking for people to validate you and and really kind of support your cause and feel part of like they're part of something you need other types of uh attraction and authority that make people want to be part of it and i think that kind of disarming charming child like not take yourself.

So seriously uh kind of energy really really goes a long way. But everybody's different you know some people may be very good at that and just have no. Have no. Ability to get people to take them seriously at all in that case it may be more important to study command presence or certain kinds of things you know things of that nature.

But you know there's there's a comedy style for everyone and i think the more you explore that through immersion through studying the science of stand-up and things of that nature improv i think the more you'll be able to develop your own personal approach which i always think is better right. Um let's see bridget bishop what what's a good resource for figuring out what the chinese element we are um great question i would start with uh face reading in chinese medicine by uh the late lillian bridges my teacher she just passed away recently. So i'm going to recommend her book. At infinitum uh because it is probably the best book.

I've seen on understanding chinese elements and facial characteristics and things of that nature. So i would start there for sure there are many other um books that will cover face five element physiognomy there's the lack of a better word uh. But that would be my that would be where i'd start uh let's see here hypno. Cash god ren how do you get along with people better you know i just spent a lot of time just talking about that and i didn't realize it was a question um.

But i think one of the most important things to remember is that every human you meet has a story they are the way they are because of what happened to them and how they've encoded the way they've what's happened to them and i think the more you realize that everybody looking for a sense of validation everyone you meet is a inside is a terrified child desperate to be loved and terrified of being alone and you start to see them and their behaviors through that lens i think it's easier to be patient with people i think it's easier to be willing to meet people where they're at and to understand maybe why they do what they do technically the best thing to do is just echo echo their words and you'll find echo words three magic questions and you'll find pretty quickly pretty consistently people just align with you and that can make things a lot lot easier uh to get what you want in this world and to make the other people around you like you more and trust you more and feel more comfortable and connected to you. So that would be my that would be the theory behind what i say and as well as the the techniques that i would apply uh let's see here shadow wolf and we talk more in depth about drug of choice perhaps if not now in the future i would recommend you start by googling it if you have access to any of our sensuality enhancement videos um very very many times in those videos one of the. First techniques i do whether people have orgasms on command and stuff is a drug of choice induction right. It's very simple it's been if the technique's been around forever um and it really starts with just noticing when a when a substance takes place in your body how does that happen for you where do you.

First feel it where does it go. Next where does it go. Next where does it go. Next and you just trace it through your body until you come back to the point of origin and that shows you the circuit that your body processed that particular substance to get those sensations and.

Then you just follow it like you know you just keep circulating through it like a boat on a river and most of the time by the time you've completed the. First circuit you're already in the state and. Then each successive repetition makes it deeper okay. Martine david you are a super great teacher.

But are you supervised by another guru no. Um i'm a ronin. So to speak um i have lots of people i go to for knowledge and information. But i have no.

Vows of secrecy connected to me i've pretty much been on my own since the day i graduated my reiki class and. So a lot of the things i'm tapping into are things i've discovered things i've rediscovered uh i'm a firm believer in past lives and genetic memory. So the long and short of it is that i don't have a guru who supervises me i have gurus and teachers that i consult when there's something specific i want to know more about um. But as far as what rules find me only mine i think that's kind of what you're saying.

But there are a lot of great teachers out there and each of them has something to offer you and i continue to seek them out today i'm not done by any stretch of the imagination. So i hope that kind of answers your question angel hill do you have tips on pushing past fear the type that stops you from making your move how do we start with the gray room start with grey room. Then move into magic frame and. Then into probably the best thing for that is going to be spinning and.

Then the the color breathing. So we call that the transformational triad plus prayer room the other thing i would recommend is that you pick up a book. Called the power of bad the power of bad is a science a study on the science of how our body and our neurology processes negative events versus positive events and the and probably the most important thing that i took. From that work is that one unit of fear has an emotional charge of four one unit of courage has an emotional charge of one.

So units being equal the charges connected to them are dramatically different. So the takeaway from that is to remember that anytime you feel fear remember that it's actually about 1 4 or 25 of the strength of what it actually appears to be. So if you just divide it by four and realize that that's really the the level you're dealing with it's easier to move forward. But remember that even though we auto automatically as a human being default that four to one ratio there is something you can do about it because the moment you can point to where you feel it you reach out and touch it now you have a mechanism to manage the intensity of those emotions.

So magic framing will be the fastest way to just turn down the charge color breathing and spinning can completely neutralize it both at a causal level as well as a physiological level. So those are the things i would use great room is a good generic cleanup just cleaning giving yourself a you know an emotional purging for lack of a better word of anything that's been accumulating below the threshold of conscious awareness. So those are the things that that i think are you know and read the book. The power of bad i think you'll find that uh you find a lot more liberation from fear and your understanding of the phenomenon gives you a better ability to deal with it uh let's see here shadow wolf when it comes to rapport with an element such as ether i'm able to gain rapport with the everything which allows me to channel answers when questions are asked is it the same mode of being yes.

And no. Um when we start playing rapport with non-physical or non-interpersonal elements um we have to start focusing in on the qualities we seek to embody uh energetics as a rule with the french anesthesiologist divided energetics or vibration into two aspects qualitative aspect and a quantitative aspect. So basically what they were saying was these are the qualities that a particular energy or vibrational frequency has this is how much of it there is and. So one of the things that we need to do.

First is we need to tune in in other words we need to know what are the attributes of the vibration that we seek to embody we must generate a compositor a sympathetic vibration in ourselves through our feeling states and that's one of the reasons that we have such a powerful imagination is because that imagination allows us full access to anything we can conceive of which allows us to tap into the attributes which allows us to bridge to the extra personal or transpersonal level. So the idea is once you know what feelings or what attributes you seek to get in contact with you must become absorbed fully in that phenomena that energy and that allows that bridge to be created that allows you to manifest those qualities in yourself and ultimately to control them and be and to learn from them um. So when we say the everything that means different things to different people just like when i say the void or the akasha means different things to different people. So while the mechanics may be the same where you need to be more specific is in the attributes and the qualities that you're seeking to become in report with or embody i hope that answers your question hi from qatar hi qatar how are you i know it's entity neil cometo guitar tuition the telford guitar teacher hi from the uk once again david hey neil good to see you again brother shambhala institute thanks john kaczykowski hey david have all of your hypnosis courses.

But haven't watched them yet do any of them teach how to suggest people to do cool and funny things they otherwise wouldn't do the side switching emotions start with killer influence specifically um i would start with the killer influence uk if you have it probably got it's probably got one of the deepest dives and treatments of covert influence that i've done in the killer influence system in a while that would probably be a good place to start uh identity by design has a module in it called fun with hypnosis which is all we call imagination games which is again generating hypnotic phenomena. So i think between those two uh you're probably you're probably going to have a pretty good foundation uh and. Then i would look. At again um yeah that's probably where i would start and.

Then i would look. At maybe looking at chase uses ellipsis manual uh specifically on uh his confusion statements things of that nature um if you understand how to weaponize confusion. Then you can you can move people along that behavioral code pretty quick. But in terms of the things that i teach um identity by design imagination games as well as killer influence uk would probably be the places to start casey and landis almost hold on a.

Second show casey's question here i'm. So honored to be watching you live i happened to discover you yesterday and i love you well i love you back casey thank you. So much uh let's see and liam when doing a road influence what is the best way to distract the subject's mind metaphorically give them a scroll to chase if you can set up a um if you can set up an uh like a massive multi-online role-playing game inside your own head and just send them off to interact with some of the npcs that you create those of you who understand this metaphor know exactly what i'm talking about um that would be the fastest way to do it casey says thank you you're very welcome jody emmanuel what virtual nlp therapy absolutely. But a lot.

But jody a lot of that depends on the practitioner and the subject you know um what i've discovered. First of all it's important to preface what i'm about to say i you know 2020 i was in the number one nlp trainer of the year um and by the way uh they're doing that they're doing the elections again. So if you could go to globalgurus.org forward slash nlp and vote for me for number one i would really appreciate that that would be awesome i'll see if i can post the link uh shortly. But it's important to understand that i taught hypnosis in nlp and related disciplines for 10 years for free before i was ever willing to uh certify another human being and that's a rather unique a way to come into the field.

But the upshot is i saw the results of pretty much every training organization out there what the kind of practitioners have produced or in many cases failed to produce and. So there is. So much diversity and. So much lack of uniformity in the skill sets of one nlp practitioner to another.

But the one thing i have learned in 20 some years of doing this and teaching this is that the best people who are good hypnosis tend to make the best nlp practitioners it does not generalize the other way. So if you are a good hypnotist you can rock nlp um if you're not a good hypnotist if you have your only exposure hypnosis is from your nlp training um you're coming at the whole discipline in my opinion from a disadvantage now there are many out there who disagree with me sometimes vehemently and that's fine if your people can do what my people can do in the time we take we get we can teach them to do it cool. But going back to your actual question would virtual nlp therapy be effective it can be very effective. But.

So much depends on the on the skills of the practitioner and the compliance level of the subject there's there's. So much there's. So much variation. So much possibility or potential to go either way that i can't say with any great deal of certainty will it be effective for anyone.

So i just wanted to be clarified on that that makes any sense uh casey is asking detail interfacing talk on spinning can you elaborate on that a little bit casey i'm not sure what you mean uh john is asking i've already watched stealth cpi. But besides the whole pacing and leading concept of truisms i'm not sure what rapport exactly is rapport is a two-way communication a feeling an energetic and vibrational connection between your neurology and another person's neurology it's a physiological effect right. If you go to uh well go to the empathic superpowers video and watch that video and that will give you a visual representation of what we're seeking to accomplish utilizing work there's also a cute little martial arts demonstration in it too it starts with a metronome and training video and. Then proceeds to look.

To show you how that that entrainment phenomena crosses over into human experience because rapport is very much an aspect of the laws of physics it can't not happen the question is can you tell when you have it and b what do you do with it once you have it how do you manage that whole phenomenon how do you manage that whole process and that's what we spend a lot of time doing in stealth cpi. So hopefully that that helps answer your question about what report actually is on the town says what on what alan asked there's a question of how effective techniques are if delivered to someone with a different native language. But on that note is conversation most easier in some languages as a rule certain certainly there's a couple different ways i can answer this question. So.

First of all if you are an english speaker and you're dealing with somebody who is a non-native english speaker there are certain hypnotic language patterns that may or may not translate as well the. Second part is that when you are dealing with someone who is a non-native speaker there is an extra layer of linguistic analysis and translation that happens that can um sabotage or um neutralize the hypnotic component of what you're doing because of that extra analysis and i've seen this only really in people who are english as a. Second language now if you are a native it let's let's say we're not let's say you're spanish for example and your your client is spanish most of your language stuff should work no. Problem there will be a couple of linguistic changes that you may need to do that don't fit in with the grammatical structure of like spanish or french or something like that.

But they will still have an effect. So the the short answer is it'll work the more qualified answer is it will most of it will work. But remember when you're dealing with people who are going to take the language that you're communicating in think about it analyze it translate it that extra layer or level of analysis can kind of dampen the hypnotic effects that you're going for. So and that's only and nobody ever taught me that by the way that was something that i had to learn through observation for certain things that just that just didn't translate well to non-native english speakers not because they couldn't do it it was because of something extra that they were doing that forced them to parse language much more deeply than a native speaker might well let's see here archer says how playful do i have to be the techniques toward prop or because i've tried.

So many times. But i keep falling back to the same patterns and no. More wealth is being presented in physical form chances are let's see that you might want to work with somebody else and have them guide you through the processes also uh when i talk about and i talk about this in our hidden laws of attraction uh webinars there are certain reasons why the law of attraction doesn't work for some people and a lot of it comes down to an unwillingness to change themselves or to acquire the skill sets necessary to become a vessel for the manifestation they're seeking to achieve. So if you're if you're not having the luck with these techniques that you're expecting a what kind of time frame are you placing on it b are you becoming the person from that thing can happen to c are you getting in your own way by trying to be a passenger and a driver at the same time those are three very significant aspects that can delay or neutralize your ability to manifest and.

So i would i would systematically explore that i would. First start by having somebody guide you through these processes and see if that gives you the psychic leverage that you're looking for. Second thing i would look. At is are there things i know i need to do or change about myself before i can have that and am i putting off or hesitating to do that those are usually the biggest and the.

Last thing is do i have a preconceived idea of how this is supposed to manifest that one is probably um the single most ninja block to people getting what they want is they they focus on not just the what they want. But how they want it to happen and more often than not the things you manifest are not going to manifest the way you think they will they will they may there may be some similarities it may become something completely completely out of left field. So when you get when you let go of the how and focus on the what things tend to happen at a much more rapid speed and and again this is kind of paradoxical the faster the more rapidly you take off the time limits and just focus on becoming a person that can have it the more rapidly those things tend to manifest because you get out of your own way. So i hope that helps uh simpson says thanks john patrick says i've hidden laws of attraction and love image cycling what i'm having trouble with is getting depth of trance and absorption when doing the process you don't need it just have fun doing it you should do it for as long as it's fun for you and.

Then stop and come back and do it when it's fun if you're not having fun if you feel like you're trying like you're putting a lot of effort into this uh and it's not fun you're not embracing the right. Energy casey landis says write that across it i don't know what that means uh if you don't like it says thank you for guidance you're very welcome hello sharma running parallel to head versus viewers diverging out what can we learn about personality person okay. I'm assuming you're talking about the height of the ear versus the eyebrow which is usually the barometer the height of the ear generally indicates uh notoriety in life and when you'll achieve it. So people with higher ears are thought to be people who will become more known in their fields at an earlier age i'll have more renowned at an earlier age the lower the ear the longer the.

Later in life those things tend to manifest if they manifest at all. So that's based on what you're telling me that's kind of what i'm intuiting you're asking me how important is to have past life regression before changes occur good question really good question and i think that's that's something that has to be handled on a case-by-case basis more often than not when you start clearing your about one percent of my clients when i'm seeing clients will spontaneously regress to a past life well i think past life stuff can be significant in most cases that i've worked with it's less than one percent of the time it's usually this this current life stuff that is the biggest impediment to moving forward. So liam is asking have you mentioned something that you mentioned sometimes called luminescence you teach that technology i know where you can what it the answer is the the technology is called illuminescence and no. I do not teach it as a trademarked and copyrighted system um if you google taylor sinclair you can find out more about uh that system it's not cheap.

But she's significantly raised her prices uh in the. Last 10 years it's almost prohibitively expensive in many cases. But if you have the if you have the resources to do that um it is a worthwhile technology it's basically plug and play you just wear the clothes and happens right. So um again if you have the resources worthwhile if you don't have the resources there are many other places that you can go to get other modifiers to the game um that are not based on the size of your bank account or your wardrobe let's see here john pitchkowski also for those who can't afford it go to golden path class right.

Now what would be an um what would be a good tip to find or get closer to finding your life purpose as a young person here's what i would say two things a focus on the things that bring you the greatest amount of joy when you do them that you always seem to find energy to do that that are productive by the way one of the things that people tend to overlook. Is that there should be a a joyful spiritual aspect to this it should be productive it should it should result in something i think it's it's also you know whether a change in somebody's life status that the evil the creation of a product of art or some other device or something something productive right. Um. But also focus on and really explore the things that make you want to run away the things that you're you you want to do what you're terrified to do more often than not getting past those fears and blockages is the shortest biggest shortcut to enlightenment in yourself the normal reptilian-based human being it's intuitive to run towards the things you like run away from the things you're afraid of to the self-actualizing human being the one who understands that polarity in any direction is an indicator of things that need to be uncovered and and processed the desire to run away should be just as compelling to move towards as the desire to report something that gives you pleasure right.

But again if you're just reptile based you're not using any of your higher centers. Then you'll always move away from the things that make you want to run away and move towards the things you like and that can work. But if you want the shortcut the shorts cut is running into the burning building that everybody else is running out of. So um i've been saying that in one form or another for a number of years and i as ironic as it is for me i still find myself uh falling prey to wanting to run away from the thing that i know um need to happen right.

So that would be the biggest again aside from getting into a golden path workshop and kind of clearing all the debris profiling your life and and figuring out what is the path for you um that would be the shortest the shortest amount of information i can give you that would kind of result in that. So ahmad sandoval paid extra money to talk to me thank you. So hey dr d is having the same colors appear when you work with spinning normal i always get black in my colors thank you it can be what you're going to find i bet i'm betting that if you go to your your closet that the majority of the clothes that you have are probably black and white or variations thereof um in about 51 of the people we work with in terms of holographic memory and things of that nature when they do when they summon up their resolution color 51 of the time or better it's the color they're wearing because there's a part of you that vibrationally selects these colors from a much higher level it knows what frequencies you need to bring in to harmonize or neutralize or protect the system at its current state um is it normal it can be you know some people have a predisposition to certain frequency ranges over others right. Some people get plaid you know some people gets polka dots some people get swirls like neapolitans and stuff like that.

So i think whatever you get is perfectly okay. I don't think there is a normal if that makes any kind of sense um you may wake up tomorrow and everything's rainbow colored or you know um polka dot right. So hopefully that helps shambhala institute how do you fight imposter syndrome by realizing it's not real by also realizing that everybody regardless of your level regardless of their level dr phil has impostor syndrome by his own admission you know i have it from time to time you know i'd say i sit here and you may hear me say no. I'm just a dude a vest not a vest today obviously.

But um i think imposter syndrome everybody has it. But i think it's also relative to the people you're surrounded with now when you're surrounded by your peers you know or people that whose works or are information you studied you always feel like maybe you're just not quite as good as those people. But you don't really belong in that company where these people are feeling the same thing about you you know um whereas when you're around people who have no. Level of ability that you have do you still feel like an imposter i'm going to go out and live here and say more often than not you don't.

So i think that impostor syndrome a lot of times can be based on the people you're surrounded within any given moment. But i think it's equally important to understand that no. Matter how high a level you go there will always be a part of you i think that remembers when you weren't this person and identifies with who you used to be rather than the person that you are. So how do you fight it point to where you feel it reach out and touch it frame it notice what happens point where you feel it notice the color take it out spin it put it back in notice what happens every single thing that we do to affect change for anything else can be used to affect change on imposter syndrome.

But i think and again test this. But i think at the end of the day just the realization that everyone on the planet and i believe that some level of imposter syndrome at some time or another just realizing you're just like everybody else kind of you ever notice that like you can be really really nervous and. Then you find out the other people around you are just as nervous and you seem to calm down i don't know if you ever noticed that phenomena or not. But i find it's the same way you know i was working with chase news the other day and he was telling me about his imposter syndrome i was telling him about my imposter syndrome right.

You know and here you know to the some of the biggest names in chain and reprogram the subconscious mind behavioral influence we should never talk about how we feel like phonies right. I'm a guy he's a guy you know whether your guy or girl doesn't matter whatever you identify with doesn't matter everybody feels like like they're acting like they're putting on errors from time to time and i think once you accept that that's just part of being the you know being having being a being having a human experience um i think it becomes easier to deal with. But if you if you want something a little extra point to where you feel it reach out and touch it calibrate it spin it frame it and i think you'll find out really really quickly that you have more control than you think right. Feelings aren't something that just happened to you as much as we'd like to to think that they are hold on a.

Second my computer's doing something weird here come on okay. That's cool that did not go the way i wanted it to go hold on a. Second my apologies heather very grateful for the chance to learn a bit thank you for giving us some of your time and energy to share some knowledge you're very welcome ed john which course on love and attraction would you say is most worth it and how would you answer that separately if you already have the person that you are great question. So a are you what kind of relationship are you looking for right.

Are you a pickup artist seeking to just you know put notches in your belt right. Are you looking for a special someone either way a lot of the same techniques apply the question is what do you do. Next and. So i think for for people that already in a relationship i think i'm limited lover and attraction mastery are good i also think um we have a course coming out um well we're doing it at the end of the month here virtually it's called soulmate secrets and it's my.

First dive into the spiritual side of love and romance and we'll be talking about compatibility we'll be talking about uh creating long-term bonds differently short-term and long-term bonds things of that nature that would probably be a really good course to get once it's available it is not available yet um [Music] it's a three-day training that we're doing right. Now we've got this we have two scheduled both are full and. So i would start again with um unlimited lover uh you might want to use you might want to look. At rapid attraction secrets as well.

But the attraction mastery unlimited lover probably the best two to kind of give you um hopefully that helps james kurt do you have a program after sales and for someone getting into commission sales yes. Start with either killer influence or stealth cpi and. Then add on to that a special program we call stealth selling secrets stealth s-t-e-a-l-t-h selling secrets and i think you'll get some really really powerful strategies for you know helping your commit your your put your conversion rates by 30 40 50 not uncommon at all hopefully that helps you james the flame says david how do you discern between subconscious voices and telepathic messages uh usually they will manifest in a different part of your body or different part of your head one of the things that i've learned from my studies in hermetics and understanding how these how the dimensions kind of intercommunicate is that different vibrational frequencies will manifest as differences in spatial location. So many times when you're getting telepathic messages you will get them in one part of your brain or body whereas when you're getting voices from the subconscious or you're getting communication from the subconscious it will manifest in a completely different place with a completely different quality.

So qualitatively they'll be different as well okay. Liam says the book. Again is face reading face reading and chinese medicine let me type that out let's see what we got here bridgette says thanks i'll look. Up that book.

Does anybody else know what other books are about physiology that dave was talking about i'm sure i wrote the wrong word it's p h y s i o g know me uh let's see here i'm ed are you color blind i think it matters how much how you interpret the colors the paris cheers on the humor skills david allow me to ask you have mentioned your videos the example of a wood person and a metal person your wife sets a table how would a fire person do it they just throw this on the table they might not even set the table they might eat with their hands right. Um fire people are just always moving and they're they're they're they don't sit still they're very creative people um they usually resist most types of order. So um that's a great question i never relaxed a ton how to how about a fire person set a table i'm not sure they would i think a better question is would they actually clean the table off right. They might eat on paper plates for all i know because.

Then you just throw it away and move on right. Ahmed sandoval had had they're usually black okay. And that's not for me laura hey laura i can't post the video link because you two stolen okay. So i think the laura was trying to be helpful by posting the video link to some of these things the books i'm asking about are the chinese element books you might also look.

At um i think there's one called reading the body by wataru ohashi it's an older book. But i think it i think it gives something some insight into the chinese elements as well uh pedro says it's yes. It's an answer to my question thank you we have three brains in your cortex let me sit in the reptile. Then what is the mind of spirit the spirit is a non-local phenomenon you need to think of the physical form like a vessel where the spirit comes for vacation and uh the more well kept and the more pleasant the environment the more the spirit wants to stay the more inhospitable the environment the less the spirit wants to be here.

So if you think of your brain and all these different brains like a receiver and a loudspeaker for the spirit you have a pretty good idea of how i look. At it shadow wolf thanks for the answer. So far i want to ask a very basic question can you explain what trance is for someone who's unfamiliar with the meaning of it trans as we play with it in hypnosis is a combination of two characteristics it's it's a combination of absorption and the state process or experience combined with a continually narrowing focus of attention to the degree that you have those things you have what classically trained hypnotists called depth of trance the other the only other aspect i would i would add to that is each of those states of absorption and focus will cut you off from certain resources while giving you access to others the only variation being focused direct focus absorption and direction. So that's basically what trans is human beings are never not in trance they're always exhibiting some level of absorption and focus in what they're doing to the degree that you've maximized that you have a very very deep of trans susan says david is unsupervised i am genetically unemployed i have such a high level you factor it's not even funny um i just um you know i i talk about compliance i am your classic reactant um and you know combine that with the fact that a lot of times what i come up with tends to work better and faster and less than the stuff i'm being taught i'm kind of encourageable that way.

So take that for what it's worth douglas dallas is uh david thank you for the be water approach seafood bruce really didn't care whether it came where it came from he cared about what worked i'm impressed that your curiosity voted you for you by the way number one thank you thank you douglas i appreciate that i appreciate that let's change the world one mind at a time together right. See here um okay. There's a conversation going on between seth and laura that i won't get into uh let's see me be asked how do you have a great conversation with someone do any of my students want to shout out a one-word answer to that question just go ahead and type it in the chat because i know i know there's people jumping at the bit to answer that question from vb right. Asks can you go over image cycling um i can uh.

But i think the best i think do we seth do we have any videos available publicly on image cycling take that in the chat if not i'll give you a brief a brief synopsis of it my video key looks great tonight cool i have a new web i have a new webcam by the way um and i'm playing with i'm playing with different camera views i can actually i have a software now that i can actually use to kind of change i'm at. So i kind of think it kind of works out for me that way. So i mean i'm not i'm not all high tech yet. But i'm kind of getting there hold on a.

Second screwed up all my windows all right. Let's see here agreed with the fire people opinion i'm a fire person. So there we have it independent corroboration right. On um blame says curiosity echo see how here it comes here's your answer bb echo echo curiosity rapport echo echo echo bingo echo technique is the fastest way to create powerful ridiculously interesting conversations without having to say a whole lot yourself right.

There is a little bit of a mindset that goes along with it. But at the end of the day echo technique is the fastest most efficient way to give the people the kind of conversation experience they've been dying to have without having to do a whole lot original to get it okay. Sd says are there times when you spend and you put back in that doesn't feel quite right. So take it out yes.

Take it take something out spin it put it back in doesn't feel right. Take it out keep playing with it until it feels right. Spin it put it back in hold until it sets you're done there's nothing that the neurology creates that you can't change and if you can change it once you can change it again you're never stuck and that's both the the beauty and the curse of the blessing and the curse of our neurology right. We must be responsible for monitoring what our neurology is doing and making sure it's appropriate and getting us the direct moving us in the direction that we want to go it's natural for us to just kind of go into the drone zone and not monitor ourselves not engage in these cognitive surveys these cognitive audits.

So to speak and just let things run on autopilot and you can drone through the life that way. But it doesn't really give you it doesn't really optimize you for life on your terms. So i think it's worthwhile i think i don't know if it was hypocrites or socrates or plato and correct me if you know the answer i don't who once said the un the unexamined life isn't worth living i think um the unexamined thoughts and beliefs that we have um move us to our less than ideal life and i think part of our responsibility as self-evolving beings is to be able to evaluate the qualities of our thoughts our feelings and our beliefs and to make it an intelligent educated decision is this moving us towards the life we want or isn't it and. Then having the ability to change it right.

So the. First thing starts with awareness. Then of course the hard part is maintaining that awareness without going back to sleep and most of you in planet david you're kind of on that path you didn't come here by accident it wasn't just a random google algorithm right. The spirit brought you here on your golden path at whatever level you're ready to uh to embark on it right.

And part of that is upping your awareness in your consciousness and not going back to sleep taking taking control of your life in an educated and intelligent way okay. I'm gonna get off my soapbox now robert ramos also lots of people echoing out there that's nice to see oh sa boris says socrates said that thank you brandon says thank you laura my edge no. Longer flickers it's easier to watch good to know magnolic he says how do i deal with debilitating anxiety point to where you feel it reach out and touch it magic frame color breathing spinning right. Um reference mag reference instant emergency pain relief for those techniques or how to cure emotional pain in seven minutes or less you'll find some very powerful techniques for doing exactly that okay.

Cynthia says i look. A whole lot better on the current cam well thank you thank you okay. Uh let's see here trans uh shadow says trance sounds a lot like a shift in abstraction layer absorption as we call it in computing would that be more accurate they are forms of trans they are forms of trans everything human beings do is trans we're never not in trance the question becomes is the transfer in useful for getting the outcomes we want or isn't it right. And that's that's kind of what it you know kind of goes back to what i'm saying about examining your thoughts and feelings and beliefs these are all trances trance is within trances.

So to speak and we get to choose once we become aware of what to do with them. So the flame says. But david i've used your techniques with great success for creating powerful conversations by focusing on the words that reveal the deepest values bingo absolutely 100 true cannot agree more shadow wolf says i've noticed that to focus on something new we need to unfocus. First meaning remotely move from a high vagueness.

Then to. Then jump back into specifying details or data stream that we should explore okay. That's a statement not a question kw says i'm happy for my spirit to bring me to your world i'm happy for you to be here jw harold davis mind control skills law of attraction image cycling made easy still on youtube boom thank you harold benjamin part one oh boy here we go all right. Hey david i have been practicing state control for a few weeks total i've experienced my states manifest increasingly cool situations.

But i've been finding myself sometimes zoning out yes. Sometimes you will become. So absorbed in a process your critical faculty will go right. Out the window right.

And that's okay. We all go through that just bring your mind back you know change your posture change your breathing bring your conscious mind back and pick up where you left off or start the process again okay. The plane when people regular values to their words that has allowed me to direct conversations in a powerful way that isn't joke bingo absolutely when people get to talk about their emotional bonding checklist as we call it they go into profound pleasure states they go to profound emotional connection with the person they're talking to it's the most gratifying conversations i'll ever have and it's a gift that you can give to people and once you've given them that gift they will move heaven and earth to keep it they will not want to give you up um general says thanks understood tyler wren says are there just seven laws of the universe that's a really good question i wish i could give you a definitive answer there are seven functional laws to the universe um and i think those are good enough i think what you will find as you meditate and go deeper into your your alchemical work that there are other principles or the laws get simpler yet more global in terms of what they they connect with and. So at the end of the day seven is what we have functionally that we know of are there more probably probably.

But i don't think we're at the level of consciousness just yet that those make a difference for us as we change consciousnesses i think the rules we have access to and our ability to work with them change significantly as well uh liam said val brooks says hello hello val williams asks can you direct me to resources for sounds of elements you bring it up in vibration influence would love to study more probably the simplest one to start with is uh six healing sounds qigong that's probably the most accessible it's probably the safest for you to work with in terms of bodily health it'll also give you kind of a bridge into this whole sound energetic body uh system right. Bar if we are not in trance always where does the bigger picture as far as the multiverse entered i'm okay. And the woman continued careful okay. I don't think we're not no.

I well kabar. First of all i think we're always in trance. So that kind of neutralizes the statement a little bit in terms of trance i want you to think of trans as layers of consciousness our consciousness can expand or or contract it can become infinitely large or infinitely small it can raise itself infinitely in vibration it can lower itself infinitely in vibration. So in terms of the multiverse you are the multiverse the multiverse is you it's just a question of has the the the field that is your beingness i hate to use big words like that collapse to form a point of attention in you and that's where your consciousness is at any given moment.

So you can expand your consciousness and be the universe or you can condense or um well condense really i guess or concentrate your vibration to a different level and be infinitely small right. So i think and that would be an analog to what nlp would say uh chunking up moving to abstraction to concrete um. So i hope that kind of answers your question otherwise we ask the question and i'll see if i can give you a better answer cbr1000f fan says how do i get my 16 year old daughter to accept my help start with uh echo technique uh criterion values resistance removal formula uh there's a video on our youtube channel here called dealing with resistance watch that video apply what's in that video to the relationship with your daughter using the echo technique and if you can do the emotional bonding checklist i think that will help you a lot okay. By the way um for anybody who's on the call with us today if you have experience for cbr i mean let me go back um if you have any experience working with your children i know some of you have that's why i'm asking using these techniques with your children could you please share your experiences either privately or in the chat uh with cbr and let her know that these things are are powerful and effective and actually pretty user-friendly mirror the greyhound hello.

So happy to see you are online what a treat thank you good to be here uh a.o says let your daughter grow herself okay. D schroeder says have you ever done any past life regression yes. I have many times dogon23 says seven hermetic laws terry says good evening y'all kathleen liz hello john pachakowski is back with is there a difference of the information in learning face reading between the book. And taking your classes yes.

Worlds of difference i love lillian i will always love her um when i and i and i and i have two versions of face reading that i teach now i have the classical version that i learned from lillian and. Then what i did was i took. Her book. Her textbook.

And i sorted through it and i reorganized the information into a system uh geared more towards how i teach my students and more towards the western mind more towards people who aren't don't have a background in chinese medicine don't understand the concepts don't understand the terminology. But can look. At face reading as a way of understanding behavior character and temperament. So um the short answer is yes.

There is a world of difference between the book. And what i teach i teach both classical systems as well as my version of a more modern updated approach that focuses on behavior character and temperament um. So to try to answer yes. There is there is a difference.

But is the book. Useful 100 um it's still required reading for all of my face reading students or therapists for that matter whether you're classically when you have a classical orientation or the more of the behavioral approach that i like to take um that is the source book. She is my teacher she is my lineage and and. So i really kind of demand that you you are familiar with her work there's there's.

So much information in her textbook. Stuff i haven't even scratched surface of yet uh let's see here okay. Let's see here you know what i'm at the risk of uh leaving some people out i'm gonna click the magic arrow button and see how far down i have to go oh boy okay. Oh we're not too bad or maybe we are oh okay.

Um and you'll know the difference between when people virtue signal versus them naturally expressing genuine traits of character with these skills david teaches thank you will hey will good to see you brother basketball fan i believe singing bowls has healed my neck nerve pain. But i am open to it okay. Shadow wolf. So we are in the some sense always in a flow in relation to something right.

I always wondered how to be in flow in a sport or game still interested in doing. So more on demand if you can recall float states and reactivate them using the drug of choice technique or the color breathing technique you're gonna you're gonna get into it faster here's one piece of advice that i can give you when you access the flow state don't try to evaluate how deep the st of the state you're in that will actually kick you out of it remember flow states are states of absorption and focus right. So if there's a part of you standing on the outside trying to evaluate how deep you are in it that's the part that's keeping you out okay. So kabar says thank you you are very welcome the best people have said or vasco fan says temple sounds great channel tibetan singing bowls okay.

Mary the greyhound says you are. So smart is that for me cynthia says david how do i make my energy bigger and smaller either to be better noticed or to be less noticed a um breathing breathing in and condensing breathing is a way to build your energy um recovery breathing is a way to uh eject excess energy imagining your energy field to be larger and bigger and brighter will rapidly increase the size of your energy field okay. Mirror the greyhound says liam you said six healing sounds correct yes. I did lady tina letter says will you be opening up one-on-one we are technically open right.

Now it's just uh expensive and uh hard to get an appointment. But if you call stephanie at 858-282-4663 um we'll be happy to see we can do for you carrie pasco what's up friends and let's see mcan can you please explain the difference between cpi and killer influence the descriptions are very similar if not the same and i want to understand the difference yeah absolutely. So all of we have four cpi courses api one two three and four cpi one and all the cpi courses focus specifically on linguistics different aspects of linguistics. So cpi one will teach you what we call the universal persuasion protocol the six stages of universal persuasion form that allows you to influence people and get them to do what you want anytime anywhere under any situation under any circumstance using your language from the boardroom to the bar room to the treatment room to the networking room to the bedroom it's the same six steps.

But it's focused on the linguistic model that we embraced stood the test of time it beat up everything hands down killer influence focuses on the study of hypnotic operators one of which is language. So because language is the thread that knits all the other forms of influence together both systems will teach you that the difference is that once you learn the upp the universal persuasion protocol killer influence is going to take you into the study of non-verbal hypnotic operators phenomena that have the ability to psychologically position yourself or redirect a person's focus of attention or critical faculty to influence them in ways that don't require language. So we'll talk about spatial hypnotic operators how to use the spatial relationships between you and other people between you and things to psychologically cause people to be more suggestible to you how to have more authority and uh and create more suggestibility in humans just by where you sit or stand in relation to them uh we'll talk about social hypnotic operators these are subliminal behavioral mechanisms that when you do certain things society has programmed you to respond in predictable ways we'll teach you how to leverage them how to recognize them how to engineer them we'll talk about um lie detection and cold reading uh how to read people's body language that you can tell if they have if they're most likely lying to you how to look. At somebody's motive dress their physiology their way of expressing themselves and make generalizations about them now why do we want to do this a because in order to influence somebody more effectively we need to crawl inside of them in a manner of speaking and understand them the art of cold reading allows you to make very powerful very rapid assumptions about people generalizations that you can now deliver in the form of verbal content that causes people to see a certain degree of authority over them to you the principle that that um this works on is that any time people appear to have knowledge about us about the way we think and feel that we didn't tell them we automatically tend to view them as authority figures in our world and authority is the ultimate hypnotic operator it doesn't you know most of the things that most of the operators that people rely on report require some level of rapport does not authority is the one hypnotic operator that if you have enough of it you can just cause people to just willy-nilly comply to whatever you want without rapport if you have report and authority now you have a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts.

So we're going to teach you about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence authority attractivity affinity and acquiescence these are four major categories of influence that when you when you employ them strategically people become irresistibly suggestible to you in more cases than not. But most of it a lot of it is done through non-verbal needs how you dress how you carry yourself the tactics you use spatial orientations the social hypnotic operators the environments the contexts and the frames that you create that cause them to have certain body feelings none of this is specifically verbal. So if you look. At cpi versus cure influence cpi is going to deepen your study of language.

So you'll. First learn the upp the universal persuasion protocol. Then you'll study the power of strategic storytelling and metaphor how to use stories for connecting why storytelling and the metaphor is the most powerful form of human influence that exists stories that are designed for leadership sales and marketing stories that remove resistance to persuasion that change people's attitudes and beliefs in the background and. Then.

Finally ninja stories how to use stories as a delivery mechanism for advanced hypnotic persuasion techniques things like semantic priming visceral priming um analog marking embedded commands thought binds all these different neuro linguistic of tactics that high-level speakers use all the time and use stories as a way to prime you to think and feel along certain lines that's the whole cpi level 2 model where you learn how to just construct these irresistible stories that suck people in and cause people to believe what you say and do what you want uh it also includes a deconstruction how high-level speakers like guys like t harvecker or mark victor hansen or lisa sasebic create an engineer talks i have people rushing to the back of the room to buy their product or service. So you get that whole treatment um in in in cpi level two which is all about storytelling and metaphor um you'll learn about in cpi three you'll learn about what we call conversational belief change and overcoming objections this is the ability to uh take a frame that somebody said or a belief that somebody's espoused and would have 14 different ways to change industry and rearrange that belief system instantly to seek them out to get them over to your way of thinking. So if you're you know you know if you're the target of narcissists and social predators or people who are very manipulative these are 14 different strategies that you can use instantly to derail that conversation and win that argument and change belief systems in yourself and others for the better very very powerful um and uh lots of different ways to use it. But it's all based on linguistics again and.

Then of course the final or the final leg on the cpi table is cpi4 which is all about hypnotic presentation skills it's the ability to use your language skills from the stage to install the desire to learn more to install skill sets in people it's not a course on stage hypnosis. So much as it's of course about hypnotic skills from the stage guys like tony robbins and mark again mark victor hansen trecker joel bauman people of that make their livings putting information into people's heads priming people to behave a certain way from the stage we're going to show you step by step how that's created and how to use all the techniques that you've learned in the previous cpis to build your business and utilize that content and leverage it to be successful. So hopefully that kind of gives you a bit of a difference a different understanding of what cpi is versus what killer influence is and we have a new version of killer influence that we just we just put out called uh killer intelligence which is all about speed profiling and defense against the dark arts which is more on the behavioral profiling and uh um basically body language and self-defense against people. But again it focuses more on the non-verbal applications um and.

Then supplements it with the verbal stuff. So that's the that's our killer influence funnel and that's our cpi funnel hopefully that kind of gives you some insight harry asked any experience with add a little bit a little bit uh let's see here heather says i've used this with my kids brought a 14 year old to her influence he has a force to be reckoned with now i remember him let's see dash or d-a-s-h david how to get out of chronic fatigue or to just a problem like gluten sensitive that cause fatigue and try many of your techniques ready uh look. At your diet chances are if if you haven't addressed and again it could be that you need more of the regression style techniques one of the things that we see a lot of times is if there's a comp more of a more complicated issue at work or a group of issues working together to create that sensitivity regression is usually a more efficient tool than spinning or magic framing by itself. So that would be my.

Next my. Next i would definitely uh do a food journal and make sure that there's no. Hidden pathogens in your diet and. Then i would unpack the emotional reasons why you have that sensitivity you know they could be generational uh it could be from this lifetime it it could be just a biochemical thing that you need to address on a dna level okay.

So john pacheco hold on a. Second john do people who do the cyber security for your website get the courses for free no. Okay. Let's see here uh benjamin grateful says part two i zone out in conversation with people and it seems this feeling comes up my brain drops out and my body puckers up i was going to ask a question.

But let me change my state i can't remember okay. John petkowski says will spy crash ever be available as a stand-alone purchase yes. It is currently uh in post-production right. Now i don't have an eta on when the course itself will be available.

But we have every intention of releasing it as a product that people can have a mile tropical hope i got that right. If a stack of priests if i stack a lot of presuppositions do you think it would even work if i have a negative rapport with somebody that's a good question i think a better q a and a more appropriate question would be if you have negative rapport with somebody would they even listen to what you're saying my based on my studies in cpi even if you have negative rapport with somebody a certain a certain level of presuppositions if they can hear them will have an effect the question becomes will they do the behavior will they engage in the behavior or thought process that those presuppositions are priming them to do if you have negative report and the question and the truth is i don't know i would say it's about 50 50. one thing i tell people more often than not is the only way to really beat these language patterns is to have an outcome that is diametrically opposed to what you're being asked or primed to do and irrationally hold on to it or be leave the room somebody in a state of negative rapport is more likely to leave the room or tell you to go yourself. So um again i think that's i think a lot of it will go down to the level of authority that you have in their world the higher the level of authority the matter the less rapport actually matters um. But remember also that the more angry or the more emotional somebody gets the more suggestible they become.

So again there's a lot of i i would say it's a good 50 50 based on what i know. Then you've been grateful other than that i've stepped into the commander state and and i've ordered disobedient dogs to follow me after stepping into the state and it's really cool yeah and it only gets better the one thing that one of the reasons that you won't see a lot of state control stuff on our youtube channel is because it's kind of like our secret sauce we have a very specific way that we train state control and it just keeps getting stronger uh and the longer you do it the more powerful you get um. So this is kind of one of our of our little hidden gems that if you come to the live event you get a deep dive into it you'll get indoctrinated into it you'll be able to do it and blow your own mind with it um. But what we give on our youtube channel for free is better than what most people charge for.

So take it prove yourself to it when you're ready come to a live event we'll give you the whole shebang okay. Um go down 23 says what are the thought binding a thought bind is a verbal structure that creates an illusion of choice. So for example whether you believe what i say or simply understand what i'm talking about you can begin to understand how binds actually work right. And.

So if you go back and you parse that language whether you believe what i say or simply understand what i'm talking about implies the same thing right. It sounds like two very different processes uh and that's what we call a double bond by the way um where it's in my outcome. So that's called a double bond a single bind is the more you x the more you want it. So the more you continue to think about how binds work the more you'll understand that it locks in a certain mode of thinking that was delivered by the speaker okay.

So that's that's thought binding right. You connect a sought or an illusion of choice to something uh you know a button says i don't know how. But i just landed here never heard about anything you're talking about i need this how do i find your courses well i'm glad you asked jill it's almost like i invited you in psychically if you go to uh www.davidsnyder.nlp.com we have a whole butt load of free video content we have very top topic specific pages as well as a very very uh well stocked store if you have questions about you know if you tell me more about what you want to learn i can recommend the least number of products to test or or shop to get you from where you are to where you want to be it's kind of a service that we offer because it's very easy to get lost in all the products that we create because we're constantly researching creating new versions researching what's you know what works better putting things together in new ways because we're all about problem solving about getting the life you want the way that you want it. So tell me what you want to learn i'll tell you what courses to take and.

Then you can decide you know how much resource you want to invest in in getting that done um i think the pokemon alakazam uses that matt just popped in matt johnson says hey david student and big fan what is the best way to handle adverse reactions under hypnosis i.e when running into a dramatic memory is there a book. Or course that teaches this okay. Matt are you specifically talking about reactions or something else if you can elaborate a little bit maybe i can give you a better answer let's see here basketball fans how fast you see through narcissists pretty fast in fact i just did a whole class on how to do exactly that it's called killer intelligence we're probably going to call the product speed profiling. But it's defense against the dark arts and there was a big focus on social predators starting with narcissists machiavellians sociopaths um and.

Then ultimately the more malevolent ones like con artists and human traffickers and child molesters and things like that. So there are certain tells that these people have camilla says thank you david gogan23 what are your takeaways from spycraft in florida with chase hughes i was there and it was amazing um what were my takeaways oh my god there were. So many you know chase has such a fountain of information and he brings such a strong yin and yang kind of an energy in other words like i have one like one of us is yin one of us is young and when and together. But you know on their own they're extraordinarily powerful when you bring them together you get a hole that's greater than the some of the parts and.

So i think what came away from with chase was just this this opportunity to take some some things that are really really good and make them just absolutely supernatural or super human in terms of understanding influence understanding humans. But i think the other thing that came out of it that was really amazing was the bonding that everybody had the community that came out of that everybody there suddenly realized that hey we have access to something that that most people will never understand and we can use it as kind of like our superpower now and because you know chase has been wanting to do a lot more live events for a while and i think he got in i think he was a little and again i can only speculate on this i think he was a little frustrated um in understanding how that worked and i think what came out of it for him and me was this realization that what we had suspected was a powerful synergy was actually real and that the world needed this information we needed this information from each other um and there was a whole is greater than some of the parts and i think to what you're going to see going forward based on his feedback is a lot more of these events we may do you know now that we know that spycraft is a thing and it delivers what we hoped it would actually delivered more than we hoped it would um we may do this two or three times a year in different parts of the world going beyond just the initial one which is test of concept um. But the the you know there's a bunch of practice groups you know a there's a defense against the dark arts group now there's a spycraft group now that's their meeting in private and going over materials and practicing and training together and. So these are the people that are going to go out into the world and i've got massive change protect others and help people get the results they want.

So to me seeing the lights go on and the the the passion and the enthusiasm and the skill sets was really what was amazing for me um and i'm looking forward to seeing how that evolves over time and i want more of you to be there you know we we capped it at 55 people and um we could have put 155 in there easily. But we decided we were going to focus on a small group and make sure that everybody got what they needed. So hopefully that answers your question without my long rambling dissertation. So hold on a.

Second strutting birds asks would you advise someone in sobriety go out to bars to solo practice socializing no. Um one very good reason a lot there's no. Saying lock doors keep honest people honest you can resist anything. But temptation you know now if you are stable in your sobriety and being in a bar doesn't negatively impact you or motivate you to want to take a drink.

Then it's worth testing. But if the people you want to meet don't hang out in bars you shouldn't go there and if the people you do want to meet do hang out in bars it might be a good question to ask are these the people that i want to be associated with are these people that are going to help me stay sober or not and we talked about this in defense against the dark arts which we just finished. Last week in vegas when you start becoming aware of personalities and tendencies and things of that nature you need to understand that the people you associate with will dramatically influence your thoughts feelings and behaviors you know there's an old saying tell me who your friends are and i'll tell you who you are right. Um i we really drove it home that the people you surround yourself with will need to add value to your life if they're moving you your life in the direction that you value.

Then they deserve to be in your life if they're not adding value if they're moving you away from the life you want to have. Then you need to remove those people you need to find a way to separate yourself appropriately from those people because they will only pull you back to a life that you want that you don't want. So again it's you know this it's never a a a direct cut and drive kind of an answer i don't know what your strength of character is what your level of sobriety is i don't know what your history is i don't know how suggestible you are to friends and family who are in that environment. But my gut instinct says find a net find a better place find a better place right.

There are lots of places that don't involve alcohol or other substances that you can go and socialize. But if you like bars if you like that ambiance you like that energy and you can maintain your sobriety. Then give a shot test it right. You know be kind to yourself if things don't quite work out the way you plan cosmic consent says yeah you're still online that's very true very awesome you're awesome thank you how to make a sense how can we use nlp to make this world a better place and bring people together to work on tough social issues like can it be used to make people excited about that absolutely 100 percent what's that bh dave says he's got he's on a private channel here hold on a.

Second have reactions um classically trained hypnotists are taught a phrase that when an ab reaction rears its ugly head you're supposed to use and the scene fades and you tend to your breathing uh if you're in a graduate of identity by design uh you have a much different reaction when people going to have reactions uh we actually salivate and get excited because it's the shortest route to the most direct route to the problem. So i think how you handle ab reactions okay. Okay. So matt says got a client with traumatic memories want to do some timeline she's had bad reactions in the past okay.

So i don't know what your skill set is. So i'm going to throw some things out here that may or may not resonate. First of all you need to set up safety resources ahead of time you need to set up dissociation anchors if you're going to use timeline you definitely better have association anchors in place. But you can distance her from the emotional amplitude of the of the the experience um i personally would explore the ab reaction.

But i have a different skill set than most like most of my students would just point to where you feel it and spin it. But again i'm going to err on the side of caution here and say if they're having ab reactions create dissociation. But do it before you reach the event. So that they can they can comfortably manage the experience as they go through the reprocessing experience and more and more of that emotional energy is vented reduce the layers of dissociation you know you may need to stack four five six levels of dissociation to that client.

So she can effectively run through the processes without being overloaded or overwhelmed by the emotion and. Then just peel back those layers of dissociation as she can confidently go through the process without losing control if you know this if you know color breathing you know the safe place induction i would definitely establish that ahead of time i'm going to assume you don't uh if i'm wrong. Then all the better right. So hopefully that helps mayor the greyhound good question matt johnson alexis roby what is your schedule for.

Next year i'm determined to get to my. First live event with you. Next year tell you what for those of you uh see here for those of you who want a copy of my schedule um maybe what i can do is if you if you sign up for my email list or uh something i can post a pdf of the calendar because i can't i don't know that i can for some reason my event calendar on my website is only showing up through uh january. But we have it through most of 2022 already set up.

So people want a copy of that i will happily um i will happily send a pdf cosmetic sentence says damn i get no. Loves i love you it's okay. Uh cosmic oh here's your question do you have any products oriented towards community engagement and leading community development the closest thing i would have uh in terms of that would be a combination of things a uh killer influence and b uh cpi level four see those two those two courses would have the most community orientation of all the classes that i'm teaching they would give you probably the biggest bang for your buck uh i also have a course on nlp for cut i don't know if your product which is all about using these skills for copywriting dh dave says uh nightmare tiger knife is really shitty thing that is happening to someone in idiots regrets the cause um fastest way to get rid of nightmares uh would be regressed to cause and just process the experiences that those nightmares are trying to help you deal with um oh and here's to finish matt's question would get identity by design. First and.

Then i would get real world toronto resolution. Second uh those two courses will give you pretty much everything you need to deal with any ab reaction that comes up okay. There is america the grand says nothing. But love here cosmic ascent okay.

Basketball fan i get targeted by nasty people i'm too nice it's. So hard how do you stay open to nice people yet protect yourself two words well actually long term defense against the dark arts we actually it's funny uh in in the three-day class we just taught where we're teaching you how to deal with these people we actually help you practice being an because sometimes that's what you need to do there's actually like 30 different defense tactics or aggressive tactics that social predators use we actually have people role-playing them. So you know how to use them and punch holes in them. So that course is there is a version of it available i think on uh either on david snyder nlp or multiplayer.com it is not the most recent version.

But i think it's i think it's there. But the newer version should be available in a couple of months. So i would definitely look. Into that for those of you who are uh platinum members uh there was an ama that we did actually two amas i think uh about a year ago that we did where we taught um defense against the dark arts we taught how to deal with these people how to spotlights and things of that nature.

So if you are a platinum member of our youtube channel uh you should be able to access those recordings and and take some good notes okay. Jill button says thank you i attract the wrong people. So i want to stop that and my dad dislikes me due to my sister's influence he thinks i'm someone that i'm not how do i show him otherwise i would start with renegade reef i would start with cpi one killer influence uh i would look. At defense against the dark arts i would look.

At go to our youtube channel and find the resistance removal formula and i would apply all of those a lot as well as reframing um because i think what you need to do is you need to extract your father's core values what his emotional bonding checklist is and link those qualities to yourself in a way that he recognizes that you're getting it i think if you can do that effectively you can start to change the frame that your sisters have put in put you in with regard to how your father sees you right. And remember once you extract that emotional bonding checklist you got to actually embody those traits. So you got to be that person right. So you need to make a decision if that's worth your time to do that or not okay.

So laura has to ask i have to ask is that the real bookshelf or is that still a picture believe it or not it's still the picture okay. All right. We're coming on to we've been on for a long time now going on two hours i think um you guys having fun with this see here mira is uh asking oh that's for basketball fan kabar what are the dark art motives and why are they simple parasites why are they simple parrots well that's the whole point they are parasites they're predators parasites and predators most of your highly uh you're highly accomplished social predators live parasitical lifestyles right. They move from victim to victim right.

And they leave destroyed lives and husks behind them um and they're simple parasites because they believe that their child brain is in full control they believe what's theirs is theirs and what's yours is theirs and that if you're not strong enough or smart enough to stop them you deserve what you get these are anti-social personalities they're at war with the status quo they understand what is right. And wrong they just don't care they don't agree with it and. So they will do whatever they want to do and press whatever buttons and say whatever they need to say to pull it off how can i understand honest unconscious movements and twitches in conversation or my daily life whether unconscious message or just a muscle spasm how can i figure out what it means if i if sign or communication well you can always ask yourself what what could this mean and go with your. First impression it's probably the best cleanest way to do it um sometimes the muscle spasm is just a muscle spasm.

But i don't believe there's such a thing as a random thought right. So if a muscle twitches and your. First intuition is that there's a meaning to it ask and take the. First response that comes up that's usually the right.

One. However illogical or non-linear it may be any chance you'll do any more live events in the washington dc area probably not my staff has developed an allergy to the washington dc area and. So they've decided to migrate to places that are easy to get to and are much warmer most of the year. So you will probably see a strong bias towards california las vegas uh orlando and maybe texas we might do something in new york.

But uh that's mostly the talk stages for now right. Now our hubs are primarily going to be vegas in orlando it's really not cost effective to do events in california. But the weather is nicer. So that would be a.

Third choice. So. So tyrus is saying hey daniel when i was younger i got a nose job removed bone now i know it is gene related. So until i get a stem cell therapy what's the fastest way you would suggest that i continue dealing with it well the.

First thing i would ask is how did changing the the bony structure of your nose affect your life did it cause you to make your life better or worse if it made your life better there really isn't um anything you need to do um if you felt like you lost something as a result. Then look. At other areas of your face or body that you can build up to compensate for that loss of bone right. Um you know the chinese tell us that it's really not practical or functional functionally possible in many cases to make more jain.

So stem cell might allow you to do that i i have a strong belief that it might um and certainly i utilize uh intravenous stem cells uh to keep my organs healthy right. Um. But it's it's really not cost i mean it's expensive as to be honest uh. So again evaluate evaluate what you lost versus what you got back got in return sometimes you know there's it's not think of it more as an investment rather than a loss right.

And and make the decisions what to do about it based on that um i guess other ways you could do it would be to spend more time engaging consciously in those behaviors you may notice um as you begin to spend more time doing the behaviors connected to the jing that you lost you may notice remodeling of that area you may notice you know starting to get more big more prominent in some in some way it may you may start to see that bulge coming back you know uh one of the things we know from phase reading is that the minute you reprocess an emotion those facial structures with facial architectures change and. So uh you know who am i to say you know. But again ideally you would have to identify the characteristics that were modified and. Then actively re-engage in them.

So that you can build that up i think that is possible lady tina letter says i find it nearly impossible to tell white lies is there any way to get around this no. Um because most white lie deception of any kind deception of any kind is hard to tell if it's a there's not a lot of emotional investment and b um they've had time to prepare right. Most deception cues are not there are there is no. Single trait that indicates deception there's only clusters of traits that indicate a higher probability of deception and.

So the. First thing i would recommend is that you go and you pick up chase to use a six-minute x-ray great book. Teach you how to speed profile people and. Then use that as a foundation and.

Then look. At his behavioral table of the elements which is all about understanding behavior in both context and environment and probability of deception um usually white lies are unless you've got somebody backed in a corner they're not going to have a high level of stress connected to them. So they're kind of unless they're just blatantly untrue and you can prove it right. Then there they're going to be harder to detect because there's not a lot of emotional investment in them they're usually social niceties which we've gotten really good at delivering you know somewhat congruently right.

So that would be the best advice i can give you we have a video called how to catch liars it's on the 15 most useful traits that liars share. But again there is no. Single cue that indicates deception christine says i appreciate and grateful for your time glad you're here christine 13 king style says david is there a way for you to heal my sickness due to negative trauma also may i learn oriental medicine and hypnosis from you well yes. And yes.

Um you'll have to call my office and set up an appointment we'll do a consultation and. Then um if things work out. Then we'll look. For we'll we'll move forward towards getting you the help that you need if i can't do it i can always recommend you to one of my associates who i trust uh.

So the short answer is yes. Yes. You can do those things the question is um do you have the resources to do those things right. So let's find out give us a call at 858.282 leave a message for stephanie and she will tell you how to proceed khabar if one has been programmed to be kind and violence isn't an answer to this court and found themselves in the land of parasites where to begin ironically understanding the behaviors of the people you're seeking to defend yourself against and learning how to be that way is probably going to give you the greatest range of ability to respond you know um to use a knife fighting metaphor you know when i was.

First learning how to use a knife i think i learned this actually from paul vunak who's one of my my jkd idols he would say uh in order to defend yourself against someone with a knife you need to know how to use a knife if you want to act you know appropriately and effectively defend yourself against people who are parasites by nature you need to know how to be a parasite you need to know how they think how they act what their tactics are you need to know how to predict and become aware of those tactics how to use them. So you know how to defend them and defeat them and that's what defense against the dark arts was really about it was you know a lot of role play and it was a lot of it was lecture. But a lot of it was just hey this is the drill this is how you need to be this is what you're up against role play it and notice how it plays out now use these tactics and see what happens i think that's where you have to start you need to understand that the people who are are engaging in these lifestyles don't think like you do. But they understand how to how you think probably better than you do and they have no.

Problem pushing those buttons and until you can level that playing field you don't have a clue as to how to protect yourself short of just barricading yourself in a room and never talking to anyone which is a prison in and of itself kr says i recently developed tmj and ringing in the ear i tried to spin it did not work what else can i do i also notice i grind my teeth what would what method regress to cause bar none get with a qualified regression therapist regress the cost sort that out okay. I wouldn't even worry about i wouldn't even talk about magic framing or color or uh spinning right. Now i would regress the cost either through the vibrational things that we do or um through classical regression shannon herman i think a south sea island hunter is trying hard to risk pursuing me okay. There's not a question there.

So i don't know if that's a good thing. So wow okay. Cbr1 david says thank you. So much for your help in sharing your wisdom may god bless you and your family thank you cbr i hope everything we we share with you helps and works and uh if you have any other questions just reach out we're here and we can help we will okay.

Um 13 king style says thank you. So much dr david my pleasure amir the greyhound is laughing her ass off all right. David i can't stop eating i need to lose weight me too one day let's see here all right. Well that looks like everybody.

So you know what i think now would be a good time uh in the immortal words of carol burnett to uh to thank you all for spending your friday night with me it's been an amazing amazing experience and uh to uh to quote the late great i don't know is carol burnett still alive i think she is it would be a tragedy if we lost her i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song it seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night my friends god bless if you're asking questions as i'm signing off type them in the comment section when this video goes live i will circle back and i will answer those questions for you i love you all for those of you who are my platinum or diamond who are my diamond club our mastermind session is tomorrow uh for those of you who want to be part of the mastermind club uh it's 97 and you can participate in our hands-on mentoring session starts tomorrow 11am all you have to do is go to the community channel join us at the diamond level and you get access to 10 years of archive video and hands-on training we'll see you tomorrow if you're part of that club.
