Title: USE THIS to UNBLOCK AND UNLEASH Your Manifestation MAGIC - Feeling Is The Secret, Law of Attraction
File Name: OCJJUzu6IFY.txt
Video Id: OCJJUzu6IFY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCJJUzu6IFY

What a good looking room not that you're biased at. All. Tech emotions also uh. I need more information.

I'm going to say no. Off the bat. But if you clarify. I might be.

NOP no. I would not use this for emotional release or emotional change. I use this specifically for motivating you to take action it has a very very specific purpose okay. If you want to change emotions ah who wants to feel good for no.

Fraking reason up here do you mean you can't feel good for no. Reason no. We're just laughing at this okay. You ever a kid yes.

You ever play for 10 yes. All right. Here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to close your eyes. And what. I want you to do right. Now is.

I want you and you don't have to tell me anything about this other than very specific pieces. I'm going to ask you here and there. So because it's private. I'll never know what the actual event is you can make it as juicy and as joyful and as pleas meable as you want would that be okay.

Okay. You good with that yeah all right. Cuz. I hope you can handle this all right.

There was a time in your life. Jose when you felt the most amazing intense pleasure of your life now that could be a physical. Sensation from certain experiences that are too private to mention could be the accomplishment of something awesome that you enjoy whatever it is not that one the other one what. I want you to do is notice where in your body you feel it what.

I want you to do is. I want you to point to it physically point to it in your body my body yeah just point to where you feel it good now look. At it with your inner eyes. Now as you think about it as you look.

At it with your inner eyes. I want you to notice there's a color associated with that feeling what's the color. First impression purple purple good take both of your hands reach in and grab all of that purple energy take it out take it out of your body hold it in your hands make sure it's all in your hands cuz sometimes that hides is it all in your hands yes. Okay.

First impression did the color change or stay the same change a little bit okay. Is it brighter darker or what darker okay. Here's what. I want you to do as you look.

At it. I want you to notice it's moving in a certain direction what's the direction. First impression this way good take it in both your hands like you grab it it between your hands and double the rotation double the movement double the amplitude and double it again and keep doubling it and double it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when it. So strong you can barely tolerate it or even better when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot.

I love notice the change yeah notice it only gets better and the more you thinking yeah that's right. Now open your eyes. And look. At the world from that pleasure how's that give me a big round of applause.

I'm lazy and. I like that happens fast now. I'm going to tell you something that one technique has reversed to theze and tumors in just as fast. I've used this on a cancer patient it was a whim did this to him took.

About about the same amount of time give or take he he emailed me about a week week and a half. Later his cancer his test results came back his tumor had shrunk by 50% you had to take the tumor out just no. When you're doing this stuff for physical illness you never deal with the manifestation. So you work with there's a tumor and there's a feeling of the tumor.

But there's a reason the tumor is there and there's a feeling connected to that reason point to where you feel it if you're working with the tumor you're working too late in the process okay. In. Chinese medicine we call that stem and root and. Branch stem and.

Branch okay. We have to go back as far into the process as we can because that's where we have the most leverage okay. Now. I could spend hours.

I did a whole video on that technique if you guys are interested in. I'll. I'll show you. I'll tell you how to get it.

But it's very very simple what we just did. I mean. I could. I could spend a lot of.

I could spend two days unpacking it what we did in two minutes everything that that happened. But it's real it's verifiable and you can do it really really quick whatever the feeling is you want to amplify close your eyes. If you want to do an. NLP style approach.

Reach. Out. And. Touch the picture right.

Reach. Out touch the picture you know how to do that right. O o where do. I feel it oh it's right.

Here it's right. Here oh it's right. Here yeah that's right. Now.

Focus all of your attention on that spot use your inner senses use your inner eyes. Notice the color associated with that feeling reach in with both physically reach in with both of your hands take all of that energy out and with your inner eyes. Look. At it and notice if the color changes or stays the same now.

I'm going to give you a clue whether it changes this changes or stays the same doesn't. Okay. On one level it matters a lot on one level it completely does not that's all you need to know for right. Now okay.

Did it change or stay the same as you look. At it notice it's moving a certain way could be this way this way or some weird amalgamation it doesn't matter there's a way that it's moving and there's a way that you can tell that you know how it's moving whatever it is physically physically take it in both of your hands and turn it. So it's the opposite of what it was now double the spin double it again keep doubling it until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know it's impossible for it to go back the way it was it back in notice the change notice it's gone okay. That's how you eliminate stuff what.

I did with. Jose right. What. I did with.

Jose he was doing pleasure really really well right. So did. I need to make it the opposite that's how his nervous system codes pleasure okay. If this is good that's better that's better this is even better and you keep doing it until it's as good as you can stand it and when you know it's as good as you can stand it and only when you know it's as good as you can stand it slam it back in notice the change notice it's gone you got that look.

Of lust in your eyes. Come here. I know. I picked on you already come here.

Jeff oh. Barbara you look. So sad you're all going to get to do this is there some uh we'll just do by the way here's the here's another reason why. I'm doing the pleasure thing.

First how many people here have ever heard of a of a substance called oxytocin okay. If you haven't you really need to do more studies or do some homework if you want to change. Behavior if you want to change beliefs if you want to change your neurology the fastest most efficient way to do it is a massive consistent dump of oxytocin into your system you have this process this this phenomena neuroscientists like to call neuroplasticity it's the ease and speed at which your brain creates new neurological connections. So think about your brain like this big chicken wire or or wire mesh and like wire when it gets hot it gets soft and it gets malleable right.

When enough oxytocin enters the system the wire softens it becomes extremely extremely changeable which means any suggestions or ideas you give in that state are more readily imprinted and as the oxytocin normalizes it locks in okay. This is not hypnosis per se it's not even. NLP per se it's another one of meure bage called neuro hypnotic repatterning. Then.

I have a question. I have a patient that's severely. OCD. I mean scary.

I really have no. Good. M working with this. But she thinks.

I'm. God. So she keeps coming back taking this technique what how would. I change it.

I mean she's going into into one of her. OCD things and just. I mean she just she goes over and over and over and over and over for days on end right. Um do you take what's the feeling the fear the feeling that you get right.

Before you know you're about to have an episode cuz you know when you're about to have an episode don't you okay. There's a feeling you get in your body just before that happens point to where you feel it. First impression she'll ask her to do that now here's the secret to this now. I'm giving you one level of this technique.

I told you. I'm an energy healer okay. One of the things that happens when two people connect is there's this massive. Exchange of of information neurologically.

But below the threshold of conscious awareness it's not energy in the sense of there's this glowing. Aura around you and going to manipulate it think of it more like. WiFi thousands and thousands of little one electromagnetic ones and zeros floating around all carrying tons of information that's being interpreted by his spinal cord and mine either through proximity. I me even through proximity or through touch okay.

Now we have in in my conversational hypnosis classes that are coming up we have very specific set of drills to unlock the ability to transmit emotions back and forth. But it's not metaphysics it's neurology it's how your system works you guys know what mirror neurons are right. If you haven't look. Them up because between your mirror neurons and your propri receptive nervous system you have everything you need to create what people call psychic abilities.

But they're not psychic they're natural they're not metaphysics they're just another level of how your nervous system works and if you un like for instance. Jeff is here he's minding his own business right. And if. I pull on.

Jeff he kind of he kind of just don't go anywhere if you don't have to if. I pull on. Jeff right. He's he's he's kind of you know he's got a little bit of resistance right.

But if. I connect to. Jeff's nervous system. I step.

Jeff steps if. I bend my knees. Jeff's knees bent. But if.

I pull on him nothing. But if. I understand connections not magic you just got to know how the system works. So when.

I'm guiding weird huh yeah right. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. But it's something you can demonstrate and it's all it's not magic it's something every single one of you can do. I promise you why because you're a human being with a pulse in a nervous system okay.

Now. So what. I'm doing when. I'm when.

I'm doing all of these these words and these instructions what was. I doing when. I was guiding. Jose through that process what was.

I doing was. I looking around the room. I was completely focused and absorbed in what was going on why because our nervous systems are communicating if. I'm absorbed he has to be.

But because. I'm absorbed and he's absorbed and we're all focused on the same thing. I'm sending all of my juice all of my emotional energies all of my system resources flooding through his nervous system. I'm increasing the amplitude of the signal that.

I'm sending through his nervous system. NLP hypnosis anybody who talks about. Rapport anybody who's been in sales string they talk about. Rapport this and.

Rapport that. Rapport gets you what we call frequency it gets you tuned into this person's wavelength. But what if your signal strength is only a 0 five that means if report is a two-way communication and. I'm on the same wavelength and his his signal strength the push behind his emotions is a five and mine's a three guess who wins exactly.

So part of what we do is getting that that connection with people. But we have to make sure that we have our resources and our skill sets targeted in such a way that it amplifies and moves things in the right. Direction that's how you create massive powerful positive change fast absorption focus of attention. So is there something that experience you've had that made you feel really good.

M would you like to feel it again or even better oh yeah. I don't believe you than close your eyes. Now you can. I'm not going to ask you where it happened who we were with or how it happened or anything like that what goes on in.

Vegas stays in. Vegas. I want you to point to where you feel it all right. It's right.

On now now look. At it with your inner eyes. Notice there's a color associated with that feeling. Jeff what's the color.

First impression white good reach it with both of your hands take all that white energy take it out hold it in your hands good now make sure it's all in your hands because sometimes that hides is it all in your hands good did the color change or stay the same darkened a little okay. Good now and it's okay. If you want to make it brighter you can whatever makes it best for you okay. Now.

I want you to notice it's moving in a certain direction what's the. Direction. First impression kind of clockwise perfect good excellent take it in both your hands like you're holding the handles of a whatever and. I want you to double the spins double the amplitude double it again keep doubling noticing it getting better and better make it stronger and stronger until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you got it when you know it's the strongest you can tolerate and it's only going to get better slam it back in notice the change notice it's gone notice it's better and the more you try to change it it gets it stronger dude you.

Stone man his eyes. Got dude. I don't know what that was. But do it again give me a round of applause now the reason we we're bringing this up is because you can make massive change at a neurological level in your.

Yourself by inducing massive pleasure. I hesitate to tell you this because some of you after you learn how to do this will never leave your house need anyone sit there. But. I.

I. I can tell you from vieing this kind of work and from firsthand experience. I have seen this reduced cancers. I have seen this reverse fluid in the pericardium uh blockages in the intestines.

I've seen this reverse herpes outbreaks. I've seen it reverse um lifelong constipation. I've seen it reverse um there was one that was really important that. I wanted to to oh.

I've seen. A variation of this bring back a sense of smell in someone who lost it when they were five yes. So you're using just pleasure today. But when you're talking to somebody that has any of these issues you have them go to the area where they have the constipation or.

I could yeah if it really a lot of it at this point depends on where. I feel is going to be the shortest distance between two points if. I feel somebody just needs a lot more. I need to soften up the wiring.

So to speak. I will induce a huge amount of oxytocin into the system oxytocin is released through any pleasurable experience any parir binding experience and orgasm. I've seen spyr phobias cured by 20 minutes of intense or ionically induced orgasm okay. Because the system becomes hyper responsive and.

Hyper malleable it becomes hypers suggestible okay. Most of what we're taught in traditional hypnosis traditional. NLP we find what's broken and we fix it well there's another way okay. Um it's it's a parallel of.

NLP. Richard. Richard. Vander created three sets of technologies that are related to each other the.

First was neurolinguistic programming the. Second was uh d8 design human engineering the. Third was neuro hypnotic repatterning the least known of all three is neuro hypnotic repatterning. I discovered the oxytocin connection on my own through many years of field work uh and.

Then. I found. Richard's work and it was like. I was reading my only with a lot more resources behind it.

So it was very cool. But why am. I why am. I bringing this up now because your system is a kinesthetic sensing system it's going to look.

For and create the events that you want based on the feelings you're carrying around inside of you it doesn't pull the experience per se into your life it pulls in an experience that generates the same feeling as what you're carrying around. So doesn't it make sense if that's how the system actually works that we should have. Mastery over. What feelings we're walking around with okay.

If we can if we can have that level of control and and power. Then we can attract anyone we want because. I'm going to tell you right. Now on a relationship level do you like to hang around people who suck who make you feel like the the 10th day of a five-day deodorant pad you know.

I know my. Gallow you. But let's be honest we all heard this term emotional vampire right. But.

Then there's those other people in our lives right. The people that just being in the room with them makes our day better right. And we just find oursel at. OD weird at weird times intervals doing and saying weird things just to get a few more minutes of their time or attention right.

Why not be that person and you can't induce those feelings in other people except to the degree that you can induce them in yourself in my conversation hypnosis classes my influence classes and. I. I teach the whole spectrum of human influence that's my specialty okay. Attraction is part of that you are only your ability to move through the world and just making people feel good people will just give you stuff they'll just do it for you because it feels.

So freaking good okay. So let's review real quick what we've covered. So far before. I turn you loose on each other uh this one is you guys you have lots of fun with this.

I've clinically. I've used this. I've used this. I got the this was downloaded to me.

I mean. I was at a a training with. Jerry. K uh many years ago back in 2005 and it was during one of the breaks and one of the ladies there young.

French girl had this horrible horrible migraine and back ache and stuff and. I looked at her and. I all a sudden zip file opened and. I just knew what to do and it was gone instantly and.

I've been. I've been testing it and using it ever since. I've started teaching my guys and in my. Mastermind which we have an ongoing mentorship.

Group which. I'll tell you about if you guys are interested in that whether you have any hypnosis background or not uh. Drew is in it uh what's his name back there um. James and and.

Chris is in it um they all are are very active and it's given them the tools and the skills to go where they want to go um highly recommend that if you want to go deeper into this material. But. I want to give you some stuff that you can take home and start putting to work right. Away.

I've. I've used this on migraines. I've used this over the internet. I mean just to do things for people okay.

Um what was. I going with this. I open loop myself. James what did.

I just what was. I talking about for revie oh yeah. So we talked about how everything kind of you need to learn to take. First and foremost you learn nothing from this class you got to get in you got to get in the game right.

Or wrong do something it doesn't have to be perfect it just has to be external you understand it doesn't have to be right. It just has to be moving because you can change as you go the other thing is is you must you must do the inner work. So that you start to become the kind of person that is entitled to have the events you're trying to bring into your life more of or less of you have to be that person to do that you have to cut off you have to remove the anchors and pump up the rocket engine. But if all you did was remove the anchors you take off because it's usually not the rocket engine that's the problem it's the holding us back there we know about there we don't know about.

I've given you a process if something keeps happening something keeps holding you back in a certain era you have your stems you find uh the structure of a sentence that most appropriately matches that keep digging until you get to the emotion oh emotion point to where you feel it notice what color it is reach in take out and hold it notice what direction it's moving change it amplify it and when you know it's changed forever when you know it's impossible to go back the way it was slam it back in and notice the change. I didn't say make the change. I said notice the change because it's already done does that make sense and if you still need a little little push. I must.

I must. I must. I must. I must.

I don't want. I don't want don't want make sense this means yes. All right. So here's what we're going to do we're going to kind of put this all together now if there's something that you feel a little blocked with you don't need to do the.

Deep digging like you would with the stance all you really need to do notice where in your body you feel it take it out notice what direction it's moving what color it is and really get into it just like when you were a kid you picked up the stick. Then it's a gun you pull out the energy ball and now it's everything that's needs to be changed for you to have what you want when you know you've got it when you know it's. Unstoppable when you know it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and it only gets better now the. First few times you do this.

I want you to find partner and. I want you as the partner you don't need to know what it is. But you do need to be absorbed in the experience with them because remember what we're doing here is we're not just guiding them through an experience we're giving them juice we're giving them more focus more absorption more wattage more of everything they want and need to lock that change in does that make sense. Then we're going to come back and we're going to show you how to take these feelings and put them in your future.

So that other than consciously you're automatically drawn to those events experiences and situations that give you more of those feelings you know you want you have a question no. Yes. Something once you've been through this enough times it's very easy to do it yourself everything here can be done on your own. But.

I recommend you only begin doing this work on your own until after you've mastered doing this process both as the subject and as the guide with somebody else because to do this your yourself you have to immerse yourself in the process can't be a part of you on the outside wondering if you're doing it right. Does that make sense to the degree that you have absorption you have change does that make sense and by the way you are all doing deep level hypnosis. I like. Master.

Level hypnosis okay. In traditional hypnosis. I have this thing called the aand depth scale and when you get to like level five or somnambulism you have two two categories by which people tell if you're in deep hypnosis one is called positive hallucination the other's called negative hallucination. I'm going to keep that.

Loop open until we're done and. I'm going to tell you how it all fits okay. Hallucination is not what you think all right. Open up let's take uh another 15 minutes to do this and.

I'm going to come back. I'm gonna install things in your future for you and. Then. I'm going to tell you about some things we got coming up and.

Then. I'm going to. Turn. You.

Loose to make your world exactly what you want it to be you guys having fun with this. So far good go play.
