Title: Mind Control Skills: The Banned Techniques They Don’t Want You to Know
File Name: OewimPUxwFE.txt
Video Id: OewimPUxwFE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OewimPUxwFE

A handful of very distorted thinking patterns that lead to their. DB behavior and. So what my intention for today is. I want to teach you and go over a very special conversation framework that was originally designed to teach women how to talk to men in such a way that they would spontaneously uh start feeling attraction while at the same time start self-disclosing everything about their intimate life.

So that the woman could in a very short time evaluate whether this person with good dating material or not. So instead of taking 3 four 5 6 weeks to evaluate if the person is worthwhile you know new wardrobes whatever in 20 minutes they would have a snapshot of this person's psyche and the guy would be revealing things he had no. Clue he was revealing and they can make a very quick decision as to whether that was something they wanted to pursue it does simultaneously attraction and the self-disclosure at the same time now for years. I taught that as a as a tool for both men and women to get to know each other better and faster and create deeper levels of intimacy.

But. Then one day when. I was teaching. Piller influence um about five lawyers personal injury attorneys descended on my training wow right.

And. Then one guy took. 80 pages one guy took. 80 pages of notes right.

And about 2 or 3 weeks after the training. I started getting reports this stuff works amazing in jury selection it works great with uh uh hostile. Witnesses and hostile judges it works amazing with uh with opposing expert. Witnesses turns out this this framework.

Works anywhere human beings interact it generates an intense level of connection and trust and self-disclosure well and allows you to make a very powerful decision uh as to what to do with these people what to do with information. So my intention maybe for the. First 45 minutes or. So is to teach you the three magic questions protocol how it works why it works and.

Then what. I'd like to do as as much as we can in the time that we have. I'd like to review the distorted thinking patterns that are kind of operating below the surface um that these people can be made to reveal unknowingly during the three magic question protocol would be like flags that would come up and all the other things. I'm t look.

For does that make sense now keep in mind these behaviors everybody has them to some degree. But it's when they. PR dominate when they're the the primary go-to mechanism right. Remember the flag system.

Focus lifestyle. Association groups if we focused as you go through three magic questions and by the way three magic questions focuses the person who focus on to focus on themselves that's what makes it. So powerful. But if you notice an ordinate.

Focus of and you know what. I completely self-center this is where the narcissist are going to pop out of here okay. Then you can start to look. At how the thinking patterns that.

I'm going to be sharing with you will come up as they describe their experiences and that's that's where you'll see it be presupposed in their background right. Okay. So any questions about and of course we don't. I don't think we won't have anywhere near time to go over the 25 attack mechanisms.

But if. I can teach you how to screen effectively. Then. I've.

G a long way and preventing you from becoming a victim the one thing that you have to be very very mindful of um in this process is that it does generate connection connection from both ends. So your state control and your your outcome has to be. Rock. Sol in your mind you have to be willing you must be willing to cut ties when you make it if and when you make the determination that the this is someone who is not good for you all right.

So um. I don't see a power. HD. I guess.

I'm. W on the board all right. So much for that okay. Can everybody hear me okay.

Okay. So three man questions protocol m q has three levels it's going to and it's designed to do one thing it starts us with a superficial level of interaction takes us to a uh identity level and. Then it takes us to uh it activates what we call pseudo regression. So your.

First level question it's called location location okay. This all of the questions in three magic questions protocol are open-ended in other words you never ask a question that can be answered yes. Or no. And that's the moment you answer yes.

Or no. The conversation stops right. You always want to do what we call an opinion based question or a narrative based question something that requires them to tell you a story or give you an opinion about something. Beyond a yes.

Or no. Does that make sense okay. Level one questions are deliberately superficial they're deliberately superficial they are primarily as general topics of discussion they are generally about the location you or that and or the reason why the person you're talking to is there that's why we call location occas when you apply this properly in a let's use a dating context for example. CU that's where some of the dangerous stuff come out when you apply this in a dating context location occasion questions fly below the radar they don't come across as a guy looking to pick you up kind of a thing right.

Um and they can be anything it can be you're let's say you're at a wedding reception you walk up to some say hey what do you think of this. C pieces what do you think of which side you. Bri are you bride side or the grp side by yourself right. Now keep in mind that um if you just come out with these questions it's we it's going to talk it's going to sound like what we did yesterday criterian values you got to soften it you might walk up say hey you you know you know your way around.

I'm curious about something what what what do you think right. See how it softens everything makes it very conversational you must soften soften soften soften soften okay. Whatever they answer if it's appropriate and it's almost always appropriate. Echo what they said and.

Then ask another question right. Remember. Echo technique primes the human nervous system to self- disos it does it for a different reason slightly different reason it it primes the neurology to self-disclose because every human being talked about the checklist yesterday right. Every human being is projecting their internal checklist out into the world and they're looking for what matches right.

It's like radar pinion wait for something to bounce back and when their words come back to them they get a really big pain and all of a sudden everything orients right. On the source of that information and it signals sayess it signals understanding it signals validation it signals everything the human neurology wants well. I'm kind of nervous about putting this out there the bad guys want get all with it too. But you know.

TR the truth is that a lot of these people were able to succeed because this stuff wasn't freely available right. You know. Milton ericon back in the day if he didn't how many people how many non-medical doctors or non psychiatrists were studying his work he'd be spinning like a top in his gra he did not. L to know this right.

But with the. Advent of what we the fun on micro. Cults all using very. Advanced mind thought reform coercive mind control.

Technologies you need to have this you need to understand how to screen for these things. So there's a very pervasive self-defense and self- protection in addition to the fact that this will all of your relationship. Anyway because you will know exactly how to connect with someone in the most thrilling and fulfilling satisfying way imagable this when you use this that's exactly what they experience you a fascinating person in the room in the moment. But location occas questions have basically only one purpose to get the person out of their head and present with you at any given moment a human being can be in one of four basic.

States they can be. I use this little can everybody see this okay. You see. TJ can you see this okay.

Any given moment they can be inside their head or they can be external they can be. Associated into what's going on like they're seeing it through their own eyes. Really feeling everything as maximum as possible or they can be dissociated they can be inside. But disconnected kind of viewing it like a movie right.

The whole purpose behind level one questions is to get people internal. I'm sorry not internal external associate they're out of their head they're in the world fully present with you right. People who are dissociated are kind of droning through the world making lists in their head think about what they got to get done after the training and. So forth right.

So that's what location occasion questions are about getting them out of their head and into the world it also gets them talking and starts it starts by giving you something to. Echo whatever they say you just repeat parts of it or all of it and. Then ask the. Next question it's probably if you're going to use this for gting applications it's always useful to scan for what we call an.

II or an invitation to approach the most important one for the average human being is what we call a smile combined with. POS ey content positive ey content means when. I smile. I get these little crinkles up here you think that's called a dou shame smile if you get somebody who smiles from the nose [Music] down f one of two things is going on there they're either not really happy to see you psch they're they're moving towards the character the antisocial end of the uh the dist character spectrum because sociopath.

Psychopaths they can. F this really well from the neck down. But they don't show up here a lot of times they also and we talked about honest signals yesterday we touched a little bit on about mimicry there's four of them mimicry activity level uh consistency and uh influence four channels. Psychopaths people on the high end of the olical character.

Disturbed range don't mimic minimal mimicking fact there's an episode. I think it's in uh the. TV series of. Bones the psychologist is uh trying to find the.

Killer and he thinks it might be his point chess player and. So he's playing chess and he just goes and you know what happens when you yawn in the room there it goes right. Right. And he did it multiple times he did and the guy absolutely had no.

Response whatsoever and that's what kind of flaged it he suspected because of other menis and things like that many times they have a very flat a they're good at mimicking emotions a lot of times. But if you look. At the eyes. It's almost like there's a there's a very cold flatness to their a in in face reading which we may uh we may cover some of the cyop stuff fa on.

Sunday um. But there's a very cold feeling about their it may be very bright. But it's cold you've all met some some of these people who they have really strong energy. But it feels like there's it's just it's just light.

But no. Warmth. I don't know that's the only way. I can describe it right.

People get drawn to that that white that light. But they get stuck in like un tra if you ever look. At some of the um. I don't know if we'll have time to do it we actually will do a little we'll do a little bit of it in vibration influence in the post conference.

I. I'll bring up some pictures of very famous. Cal flers as well as some quite character. Disturbed celebrities and.

I'll let you look. At this with the spirit in your eyes. And you can see it once you know what to look. For you can actually see it.

But just going back to level one questions it's all about getting them out of their head and into the world at some point you're going to you're going to spotle around. Lev location. P questions and you're eventually going to come to level two question question career passion career passion and when. I.

First learned the protocol it was all career because it was designed for women to use on men and every guy on the planet has an idea for a book. Or a business all right. I modified it just a little bit. So that both genders can use it equally and it may sound a little you know.

ISC by my reasoning. But um many times when we we we see someone attractive they're usually serving as. Coffee or. Starbucks or whatever and if you ask them about their career well their ambition in life may not be to serve you coffee right.

Or shine your shoes or you know drive you to the airport or whatever right. So asking them about the things they love to do the things that get them up in the morning the thing that they would do in a heartbeat if they had a chance very powerful and who are they looking at when they talk about those things than you right. Let's go back to why career was. So important to begin with remember yesterday we talked about the hierarchy of beliefs.

So have spiritual beliefs identity level beliefs. Then we have values and. Then we have uh capability of deserving this capabilities behaviors environment right. And that everything at the top of the pyramid everything below the in westernized countries or countries who have adopted a real westernized way of thinking you are what you do in other words when you walk up to somebody this training and they say what what do you do you know what's your business um the professional hypnotists will say.

I'm hypnotist the hobbyists are the people who want to do just might say well might. I'm a. I'm. I'm an accountant.

I'm a cop or they might say which is always better when. I hear that my day job is right. Um and the reason for that is is because we become identified with what we do for a living it becomes a major pillar of our identity relationship for this this is why many times when someone loses a job male or female very high profile job a job that that was a big part of their self concept all their other stuff goes to [ __ ] their marriage breaks up they they they change friends they sometimes join calls why because the support to their identity is gone and now they're floundering their system is literally in chaos they it's like they they've lost an arm or a leg and they don't know how to deal with them okay. When you talk about the things that support a person's identity even if they hate their job they will actually start to connect with you you actually start interacting with them at the value identity level and we talked about criterian values yesterday people can't talk about their their criterian values without going into a sens pleasure pleasure state.

But if you do get the sensation the idea that maybe careers and such aot topic passions the easiest way to do that is what would you rather do best question on the planet what would you what do you want to. SCH right. The magic of that question is that it presupposes any other outcome. But the original one any other outcome.

But the original one and it and it for it forces the neurology to generate its own solution which will always neutralize the problems the problem issue to some degree okay. So it's very powerful and social influence skills is very powerful therapeutic. So you can take this you can take that right. Into the treatment room and whatever they say like if you're doing your intake and they're talking about their problems when you think it's when you think it's an appropriate time all you got to is have what would you want in would you like to have in stad and whatever comes out of their mouth write it down verbatim and when you get and repeat it throughout the session over and over and over again why it's quiz why because it works because it works i' like a little bit more in depth explanation why why that well they will they will want to elaborate.

But that's not the answer. I'm going to for wrong you link to the criteria you link automatically to all of their criteria and values and all the internal associations that they have to that verbage you don't miss anything remember the human nervous system never resists itself. So what it's like is a key to. Keyhole match the moment that what they want instead comes out that should be the most important suggestion they get.

I used to call it um. I used to use it as called. The. Thesis suggestion now um.

I learned this concept from. Jerry. K he never called it a thesis suggestion. But what.

Jerry would do. I watched him do this over and over again he never called attention to it. But this is what he did over and over again the moment he got me he finished being done part who was going into deep and in at some point in that in that realm he would say by the time we finish today's session you'll be a nonsmoker you'll be a nonsmoker for the rest of your life cigarettes will have no. Relevance no.

Place no. Meaning in your life whatsoever you'll be a complete and happy healthy non-smoker forever what did he do he began with the end in mind right. What's a feast you guys know what thesis is right. What's a thesis statement initial statement of what you're going to exactly it's the initial statement of what's going to happen at by the end of the paper and.

Jerry would do that every single time and it's because of a now we modify this a little bit we use the clients on. Words as the thesis stat because now we hit qu. Then we hit all the emotional neuros neuro connections and neuro associations. But because of the law of compounding remember what the law does everybody know how the law of compounding.

Works. Aller right. If. I give you a suggestion that.

First suggestion is weak. I give you another suggestion that suggestion is weak the. First suggestion gets stronger right. And we can keep adding like that the.

First suggestion you give will always have the most compounding even if it's a different suggestion understand that. I give you 27 suggestions each one different the. First one. I gave you will get compounded because of as a result of the others that's that's way.

Jerry taught it and that's in his videos and if that's if that's true. Then why not begin with the end in mind right. Ready at the beginning. So give therapeutic people give them the thesis suggestion right.

At the beginning of the session use as many of their words to you to do it as possible and. Then just keep going right. And you may need to modify their words sometimes people have a negative slant to the words that they use. I don't still test it.

I would still test it using the exact verbage versus slightly you know sanitized. OB negations and. I would use it throughout. I would use it throughout the entire session right.

So sidebar done all right. So career passion people will start to talk about the their jobs now here's the thing when you reach level two questions it's always. I'm curious there's an origin story there tell me how did you decide to become an accountant did you just wake up one day and decide numbers were awesome you know. Prime them a little bit get excited smile match their.

Vibe you guys remember we talked about vibing match their energy and be immensely curious about them curiosity disarms. But you got to make sure you soften because if you're too intense and curious. But you don't disarm now you sound like an terator follow me. So um.

So. Paul. I'm curious about something. I've seen you at a couple of trainings.

But. I never asked for curious what do you do for. I'm a coal miner you're a coal miner. But there you know.

I don't meet many coal miners. I'm curious how how did you decide to become a coal miner my dad did. Mining and. I went in there a summer student he went in there as a summer student and they during the summer uhhuh hire during the summer and.

Then you just you just been doing it ever since is this the only job you. I'm curious is this the only job you ever had. I went to the r look. Back oh.

So you must really love love the job. Then and it's unusual because it's such a it's such a very labor intensive feel out unless you're were non operator or something. But. I'm.

So. I'm curious what was it about coal mining that that really res. I'm a introvert uhhuh and. I'm stuck cab 24 hours all by myself with just the radio oh wow.

So you get that. Solitude that you're looking for. CU you're stuck in the cab all day with just the radio and and yourself excellent. So.

I do when you when you're working in the machine like cab yourself what kind of subliminals subliminals you like to program yourself you know what. I got to be honest. I was exactly the same way um when. I was younger my dad was a great salesman he couldn't hold on to the money he made worth [ __ ].

But uh. But he he he he made decent money uh and. I got into self help. I ear.

But. I was to the closet introvert. So when. I one of the.

First jobs. I ever got was actually door was actually. Insurance. Sal.

F the door. But. I have to drive to all these really longdistance places and. I would listen to subliminals and.

I would listen toos recordings and. I would literally program myself all day long. CU. I was isolated in my in my car and.

I. I was all my was really having a ball and it really it really made a difference me. So. I'm wondering what do you find challenging about what you do is there is there something that that really kind of get you up in the morning for that or is there something you you like to to go beond there when.

I'm in doer sometimes it's like right. Roller coaster oh yeah journ don't cool like better. I can see you just lit up like. Christmas tree right.

And you know what you're right. I mean i'. I've always had up until recently. I had a big problem with roller coas up down.

I had this emotion sickness problem. But. Then for some reason being around my kids kind of took. That away cuz.

I had to been brave for my kids and all a sudden going up and down these roller coasters and all of a sudden like instead of you know feeling out of control. I'm getting massive adrenaline done. But having ball you know nor my kids when. I got just went on over.

So. I'm wondering do you see yourself you know staying staying in in the co mining business or excent. I'm what would you and if you were what would you what would you to coun counsel what' you notice everything same thing how did you feel about that interaction really good right. You started on the story about you and.

Then use the fact that you did get the that's right. Yes. You started standing up and. Then you down yep you see me do that a lot you see me especially out here in the hall or when.

I'm uh when. I'm working with someone in an audience soon. I'll start talking and. I'll come right.

Down yes. Right. And it clicks we didn't get a chance in the in the training cover. CL you make it operators this is a very this is a high status position and.

I'm also standing in his personal space which is actually uncomfortable right. But the moment. I come down right. Now we're equals now he feels even more comfortable right.

And. So as. I talked to him and. I gain him a rapport.

I slowly come up come up and now he's. I'm in a comfortable staty position understand these are things that are hidden in plain sight we didn't get cover because we had a you guys like you sneaky mother right. One of the actually youever if you ever want one of the really cool hacks. I learned from um not flipnosis.

But um instant persuasion or something. Split. Second persuasion. But ke uh one of the things that one of social worker used to do whenever he was dealing with a potentially hostile or aggressive client he would just sit on his hand always talking about and they would immediately calm down just little your body your your proception oh your appropriate acceptive awareness is.

So tuned in to all of this subtle stuff that it it completely changes your psychology and your perception without. U realizing. So there's a in your manual and by the way everything. I'm teasing you with is actually in your manuals you can actually go and find the spatial hypnotic operators proxic hypnotic operators all that stuff's in your name you just can get a chance to do it.

So if and when you come to like the five or six day four five day killer influence just bring your manual because it's the same manual yes. One thing that. I've noticing you doing is you're uh doing an. I shift your story of kind of trans story well that that's probably mostly unconscious the things.

I want you to take away from from the level two question process. I gave you where lar to the things you picked up a i softened. B. I proximally.

I. I manage the space i i softened everything. I asked him. I don't me.

I preframe and. I started to soften. I made him special that. I don't need any.

I'm curious how did how did you decide to become a home man is there there an origin story and he told me a story right. And. Then. I asked a little bit about what he loves about what he does how he gets into it what he does you know what he look.

And what's going to happen in level two questioning is the same thing that naturally happens. Anyway is the moment you hear his sto or her story your brain is going to start sorting through your experiences to find a matching experience. I call it analog matching right. Your brain is going to look.

For something similar. So it can relate and. Then you're going to want to tell your story and that's exactly what. I did the only difference was is that when.

I told my story. I told it briefly if. I as briefly as. I could and still get the point across.

But. I used as many of his words within the story as. I could yes. In a medical setting.

MH as opposed to um occupation do you use as a level two question a health issue. Health question. I usually start that would actually be a level one question why are you here right. Why are you here.

Then. I do that in my intakes all the time. So. I'm curious what what's brought you to see me there the other thing find these people really relate to their own whatever it is you know my my heart my li problem anything that that that relates to the reason they're there remember location occasion what's the reason you're here okay.

Right. Um perfect one of my students came one of my. Martial. Arts students.

Steve came to my uh came to one of my dating. Rate. Romance music for us talking about uh three magic questions he went out that night walked out to a girl at said hey. I'm curious you like to do your around what are the drink specialist they've been dating for weeks right.

That was it nonthreatening non sensual not romantic. Atty you're you're. So cute you look. You got great energy no.

None of that crap just coming up and asking the simple opinion opener that gets the dialogue started because wom sense when you have a daily agenda yes. That's what he did and it's been 3 years what that's what you did it's been three years you animal longevity right. And. I want you to remember.

I just like technique. EO technique is just using their exact words as as close to the original way it came out as possible or necessary if it say too much for you to track begin with what they start what they started with or what they ended with and you're going to be fine and after a while by the way you'll be able to. BR very long strings of dialogue right. And you will actually know more about these people than people who've known them for 10 15 years they will feel more connected to you okay.

It's just how it built. So technical aspects or technical applications aside this is actually the most thrilling and uh emotionally cognitively fulfilling way to communicate with another human being that exists and you can still get your information across and the person you're working with will feel understood they'll feel like you get them especially if you're smiling and you're actually echoing the back they'll feel validate which is what we're all seeking and we talked about emotional needs and vulnerabilities yesterday for the. First point was appreciation the other is validation right. Recognition these are all aspects of the validation that need to feel understood accepted and approved right.

And that's what these that's what people get when they hear their words coming back to them and onmental way this is. So powerful they use it in hostage negotiation okay. Uh. Chris.

Voss calls his his version of tactical empathy which is actually true. So they're going to start to reveal information now they met you know that's say in the instance of context where. I'm talking to an account our. Mark marketing wow you're a marketer.

So. I'm curious how uh how did you get in money was is there an what's the origin story there how did you do that well my dad is a marketer and you know grown up we had a really really great lifestyle dad went all these cool places you know he also was really a creative guy and. I really admired what my dad could do and and what marketing was able to achieve and accomplish and. I really felt a a magnitud for a drawing to it and after.

I went through high school and. I went to college. I. I realized.

I wanted to study marketing too and. I wanted to eventually just take the business even further right. Um and and. So.

I did. I got out. I started working with my dad for a few years to make sure. I knew.

Then. I went out on my own. I started my own marketing company and things have been great. I can't wait to see what we do.

Next year if you were someone talking with male. F if you were hearing somebody talk this way about their life what impression of how they live their life did you get that they're really do these people have a victim mentality do they have an entitlement mentality no. Right. It's very obvious that these people are at cause in their life right.

Contract that with. So you're a marketer. I'm curious how did you how did you get into marketing well you know when. I was when.

I was growing up dad my dad did a lot of marketing he traveled all over the world you met all these really important people and they used to come to the house and. I got to meet some and. I thought man that's cool. I got.

I want to. I want to be a. I want to do that when. I get out get old and uh you know and right.

About the time that uh. I was graduating high school mom and dad got divorced. I kind of got depressed a little bit. U.

But. I decided. I was going to follow my dream. Anyway and right.

About that time the economy tanked. So. I want instead of going to the. I school.

I wanted to. I up going to community college. But. I suffered through it and you know and.

I. I got there and you know and it's been tough the economy's made things tough. But uh. But you know.

I started the company and we're we're getting better the the employees. I got ain't the best. But you know they they get the job done it's the best. I can afford at the moment and okay.

And. Then as soon as. I get out of rehab what do you think about this person yeah outside forces determined their reality exactly their locus of attention has shifted they're still very self-centered that's kind of one of the biases of this it gets you talking about yourself. But much of what they're doing they're out of fact for right.

I could have putw there yeah. I just that marketing was a good idea cuz my dad did it. So. I figur it' be an easy in right.

So is this somebody who's going to charge their own path now here's the interesting thing this person will be just as happy talking about their life as the. First person you understand they will still be looking at you they will still be having good feelings about themselves because they're talking about their favorite subject and those feelings will get linked to you all the while you're echoing agreeing and having foring them to self-disclose more and more narcissist will go off the rails all right. Matthew ellian may may try to turn it around and pro you for information. So if you ask a question and they turn around and ask a question and they keep asking questions why why not because they're answering well they are in way answering wrong because they didn't follow they didn't answer your question they didn't do what you asked them to do can't you have to meta not to the content.

But to the structure of what you ask right. Because predators are going to they they're constantly profile. But if you can get them into just three magic questions protocol they will start to self-disclose and and more and more and more and if you keep your awareness up you know what you're looking for and you keep in mind through the entire process that you are screening them you are evaluating their suitability. First of all you won't lose your friend you won't you won't lose your object you won't lose your objectivity as much.

But you will if you're doing it properly with. Rapport skills remember. Rapport is a two-way connection two-way combination you will generate connection within yourself. So pay attention to how much they actually need in remember there are people trained in this.

So you got to you got to look. At everything and. I thought. I said this many times over the.

Last 3 days trust your. First. Impressions if they look. Good.

But your gut says uhoh go with your gut go with your gut studies show got a a woman on the street is more likely to give a man a complete stranger her phone number if he is dressed at a higher. Social. Status financial status she's more likely that's that's the research you can like it or not right. This [ __ ] matters there's 10 key areas in the psychology of attraction that can cause you to perceive good bad as good they're pervasive on the benevolent side as well as the dark side you we don't have time to cover all of them.

But if you get uh red flags you get them covered in depth they'll be flag examples a lot of case histories case studies um and. I want you to use those combined with what. I'm sharing withes that make s okay. So.

Third level question is all about career passion right. If. I if they said if you get the impression they hate their jobs. So.

I asked. PA well you know what else would you you were not going to be a right. Things that ask what would you want to do instead you be a therapist or a consultant you said right. Coach counselor counselor right.

Now. I could. I said therap. I said therapist.

I said hypn. I said everything [ __ ] wrong be correct with counselor because that's his word that's his word. So this is why you have you can't go around reflective listening or active listening people you've got to actually use their exact words okay. Really really it's better reflective listening or active listening is better than nothing.

But. EO technique is always the best and if you deliver it sincerely congruently 99% people even if they catch you they won't care they really won't and if they do care. CL because if you know in your heart that the most powerful sincere uh authentic way to. Signal your communication to the other person connection and trust and that's the way the neurologist.

BR do it and they have a problem with it it's not you if you're coming from them this as your way of being it's important to understand if you view this as just a trick to pull somebody it can make you in congruent doesn't mean it won't work. But there will be something off about the way you communicate that they won't know exactly what you're doing initially. But the moment they get that something's off they'll start parsing your language much more precisely and it they'll show up. So what.

I see more often than not is is when people mess up with the echo technique it's because they they're not congruent at someone the more. Rapport you have this is important important principle the more rapports you have the less critical faculty is lack of. AC the more the less. Rapport you have the more critical faulty is active report neutralize this critical because our feelings are too good and we want to surrender to those feelings how we doing at time it is uh 2211 221 2211 we're here to 12 right.

Okay. Excent 11:30 huh 12:30 no. 12 11:30. I'm not even supposed to be here now this useful level three questions you never use level three questions unless you want this person in your life understand you can get 99% of everything you want at level one and two you only use level three when you decided that this is somebody you want in more intimate relationship or.

Beyond just friendship or what have you okay. And the the key topic is. Burly positive childhood experiences early positive childhood experiences how many people have ever had this experience you've met someone they're brand you've never seen them before in your life. But within like 3 or five minutes you feel like you've known them your entire life it's like they've always been a part we've all have this how many have this experience that's what level three questions creates when you ask someone the most powerful memories that we have are our earliest memories now if you're a regression therapist you already know this from a therapeutic understanding.

But it's pervasive in every area of our life every single area. So what you're doing when you ask well. I'm curious where did you grow up who what did you play at when you were a kid right. I added another extra question there for romantic purposes who was your.

First crush and. I always do it with a playful playful teasing and who was your. First crush that right. Why would.

I do that the earliest memory it's was one of the most powerful experiences romantically they've ever had and you're transferring to transfering get to me right. Very powerful stuff right. But what you do when you ask about early positive childhood experiences is you're creating pseudo orientation in time. AKA age regression they literally go back in time they have to do a trans derivational search which means they actually access all of their positive childhood experiences and you ask the question who are your friends what did you play at.

So now we access positive feelings because they're the oldest they're the most powerful because they're looking at me when they bring up those experiences it gets linked to me automatically. I cre just like. I said. Remember the question have you ever what it did it sounded like a question.

But it was actually back when the situation that. I'm. I'm asking you about actually happened and re-trigger that memory and state that's exactly what we're doing here who are your friends what did you play who was your. First crush.

But again soften it all now what's going to happen what did you love to do right. The moment they start telling you what they love to do your is going to do the same thing it always does it's going to look. For a childhood experience that was exactly or as close to what you they talking about as possible when they are finished there's always a gap where you it's your turn to talk. So.

State you tell your story. But you use their words to do it especially the words they emphasize like he said counselor right. Um. Adrenaline.

Rush um actually said um not isolation. But um well no. But there was a word he used it actually when when he. First said it it sounded negative it was actually a positive being isolated or.

Sol not just. SOL you said something about the introverted introverted. I very a very unique uh phrase that he used. I can't remember it off the top of my head.

I didn't get a chance to use it. But. I did use isolation um it was like he was was put sent to his room something it came across that way. But it was positive.

Sal or something like that it was very positive for him and it jumped out obviously shouldn't. I've obviously need more sleep. But uh. But when those phrases jump out at you they have powerful emotional relevance to this syst.

So you need to make sure you use them if you use nothing else if you can use as much of the. Reverb of his story to tell your story as possible it's going to go right. In he's going to his his brain doing narrative remember we're doing stories what did. I tell you happens when you start telling a story your brains automatically start to entrain your your cortex is the cortex of.

The. Listener automatically entrains with the. Storyteller. So now you're layering that on top you've been actually oscillating back and forth with that by his story your story his story your story.

But you're amplifying it because it's his words or her words uh her context and and you're following a protocol that goes from very superficial to very intimate in as little as 20 minutes is that useful yeah ask. So. Last night. I went to a new restaurant in.

Vegas it's a hotel called. Nomad and. Nomad in. New.

York you can't even eat there unless you're staying at the hotel this is newer may you know may be more difficult in a few years. But when you order dessert and. I did not know this. So this is kind of a fun like field trip we'll say they give you this big thing of cotton candy and.

So after. I did not eat it. I was actually going to give it to. Jess.

But. I didn't see her when. I got back. Anyway it's huge.

So you leave the restaurant and. I'm on an escalator you know it's fun you're on there is not one place you don't go where people aren't yelling where'd you get the cotton candy where'd you get the cotton candy and. I thought really all of a sudden. I'm like.

Alligator. Bar seems safer. So. I come back here and the same thing you were not there which is okay.

So you know anyways. I the candy cotton candy was gone in like five minutes. But what's amazing is the restaurant obviously may have heard you. I don't know.

But the whole engaging like childhood memories and what you just said. I'm like they nailed it in their marketing and there's one going to open up in 2020 in. London. UK.

So if you're going to go to the. London. UK it's a good field trip all right. I got to one thing you want um.

I'm curious what should do if someone's childhood memory is either. I'm just getting that and or you can't think of any like positive. I'm just getting that remember this is a dating context you're asking about early positive childhood experiences and they start saying. I don't have any morning you ask about early positive childhood experiences and they start telling about how.

Uncle. Ned used to take it behind the barn and teach him a special. Family. Recipe morning why a because they didn't follow instructions and.

B they just revealed their deepest emotional bagage that you're going to have to deal with remember what the purpose of this interview is of this process it's to scream them it's to uh disqualify them from the relationships that you're trying to create right. In a therapeutic context you might decide well this person really need my help right. But in the vast majority of social context unless you're signing on to be there therapist get the [ __ ] out seriously. I mean you're not you got it's we're we're too late in our lives to date people who only have potential because that's what we that's what we do we we sit across from.

P women do this especially they looking at the guy he's cute he's he's doing pretty well he's got potential with the right. Woman in his court you can do something and. Then he never self actualizes and she's stuck why because the the the expectations we have of our partner may not be theirs and that's a big issue. So stop sorting for partners with potential and start sorting for partners who are actualizing their potential yes.

Start quickly it's not like the worst thing in the world someone had something bad happened to them. But you're meeting someone you're talking to him you're asking for something posi immediately go to that that's you know like red flag and that's actually one of the uh the thinking aggressive aggression mechanisms that uh these people try to do they activate pity and sympathy and they get and they create an imbalanced power. Dynamic where you're sympathizing with them. So much you pretty much do whatever they ask because you don't want to hurt them anymore because they've suffered.

So much not your problem it's unfortunate what happened to that it's not a responsibility to fix it that's very hard for people like you the human. Angels cuz you're overflowing with neuroticism and compassion it's like candy it's like it's like cotton candy with a side odor of chocolate um what if the context is kind of dark. But the outcome is positive can that still be considered a positive childhood memory i' need more i' need more like um. Lal ex like one of her earliest childhood memories was um escaping from an abusive father and her mom asked me like hey you can take one toy what toy is it and uh and she chose her toy and she just um felt overwhelmed with joy and happiness perfect the end result is.

Joy yeah. But if the end result is you feeling like somebody just took. A dump in your coffee or or your your high buly energy. State now feels like a a a [ __ ] caropractor for the.

Proctologist or the worst day of your period warning just just put it out there right. So remember that the predatory side of people spend a lot of time trying to look. Like the good guys and they're very cagy it's obvious that when bad people look. Bad.

But it's not obvious when the bad people look. Good. So you got to you got to engage you got to activate more anal more observation and more more willingness to investigate and like. I told you before it's that's going to be your your biggest challenge is because when when report hits when attraction hits you feel too good to want to break it especially if you're telling lots of stories you read the resistance and persuasion by.

Eric. Ms they'll tell you that's one of the reasons why storage are. So effed. I even want a personal disagree the story they don't want to interrupt you.

So they just go long and go right. In cuz they feel. So good about the narrative okay. You come to.

CPI 2 in. November you learn all about that really story and narrative is one of the most powerful forces on the planet. But nobody. I see does it well the people.

I see do it really well other people. AR going to tell you that what they're doing within those stories or how they they're going to teach you how to create an offer they're going to teach you how to create a talk and testimonials. But they're not going to tell you how to event sh within the story they not going to tell you how to create a priming effect with stories that's what we're going to teach you in uh. December and.

Then you can take that and put a. CPI 4 and just go right. On the stage and do it to massive fruits people get and buy your product sign up for your clients and do whatever you want in an ethical way yes. The narrative is what politician je when they say.

I met a woman from. Nebraska who's farmer absolutely. So they're going right. Across people's uh one of the most famous.

PE uh what's his name the guy who. R um what's one of the the old guy. Warren. Buffett.

Warren. Buffett was uh in court proing one time. I think he being su he was suing somebody and uh every time. Warren got up on stage up on this witness stand he would tell a story and eventually the the prosecutor got a little fed up he says.

Mr. Buffett do you tell a story every time we ask you a question and. Buffett says well. I reminds me of story very power lat um.

So what. I'd like you to do now what time is it it's 5 to 11. I'd like you to take 30 minutes now. I'd like you to break up into um it'll go it'll go it's going to go slower if we do it in groups of three.

But if we in groups of three at least somebody's kind of on the outside making sure you follow the structure. So all. I want you to do is a is going to be your your uh dat or one and again. I'm using that as that you don't have to do dating context a is your.

Persuader person engaging with three magic questions. B is your subject the person that you will be listening and screening. C is your meta person making sure that all the little little details are follow. I'd like you to work quickly.

But. I'd like you to have an organic conversation within this structure. Echo where possible soften as much as necessary when when narratives come up pay attention pay attention pay attention when it's your turn to to tell your version or a version make it briefer if you pick if you can. But use as many of their words in your analog as possible and.

Then after you've been after you've gotten to a certain degree of connection through level two make a decision if you want to go to level three if it's a dating context pretend if if they passed your test don't be offended if you don't pass test some people have a very specific type a person that they're looking for give you a quick example when. I was when. I uh went when. I was doing my undergrad in.

Oklahoma we had uh the president of our five. C chapter was a girl named. Mandy very cute. Barbie doll.

Blom right. And her mother raised her to only date rich men and the rationale behind it was you only date people who are rich. So that when you fall in love it's only with someone who's rich wow right. Very weird here you know and her her dream was by the way to go to.

Berkeley for some could have this. High status thing very status oriented people. I'm not. I'm not passing judgment on that okay.

We know the studies are there access to resources social status and wealth is a huge thing for women it's a huge thing for women okay. Whether you consciously agree with it or not the research is there there's outliers for everything okay. You by definition by the way. AR average fact that you're in this room makes you a little special if not.

L better all right. So remember rotation occasion career passion early positive childhood experiences yes. Sir and the the person who's watching uh run a timer because this this exercise will get people into deeper core who will talk for hours and that's the point of it that really is the point of it. But again you have to have you have to exercise your state control now because the longer they talk this is another thing.

I put out there yes. You will have opportunities to ask questions till your version make them brief avoid or resist the urge to interrupt them because the longer they talk the more connected to you they become and as they become more and more connected it becomes increasingly harder and harder and harder they have in order for someone to lie to you the average person they have to significantly break does that look. Familiar you might think there's a think there might be a reason why we spend. So much time on that because in order for them to generate the.

LIE they've got a mismatch get it all right. You got 30 minutes go play h.
