Title: 12OGRDBCbjY.txt
Video Id: 12OGRDBCbjY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12OGRDBCbjY

The fundamental principles that govern what we do law of expectation what does this mean what the. Mind expects to happen tends to be realized okay. What the. Mind expects the.

Mind directs the. D the one of the primary functions of your unconscious mind your nervous system is to create the illusion of external reality that matches your internal one. So every every time we make a change on the inside it will be reflected or expressed somewhere on the outside you as a hypnotist a master of transformation reality creation engineering whatever at whatever skill set whatever skill level you have at whatever resource level you have your job is to manage expectation classic example of that with in in regards to imagination games right. If.

I know that. I can prime somebody to be more hypers suggestible or to convince themsel that they're suggestible by using this this hand clasp technique remember we talked about this that this is actually a muscular trick right. But as they watch that happen they start the window opens oh my. God maybe this is real now they're starting to expect things right.

Now when we go to this which is the actual real phenomena they're much more. Prime to do it in that case we've managed expectation you've done this right. If somebody if you have a clinic you have an office all right. A lot of people who have a waiting room they have nice pretty pictures on the walls they have uh you know maybe nice music playing in the background you really want to take control of that put sign testimonials on your walls from people who've been successful put little albums of people who saying how much how awesome you are right.

People be in the waiting room they're waiting around looking for magazine they see this little book. And all of a sudden you help me. So much thank you for helping me lose 50. PBS.

I'm not. I've been a non-smoker for 6 months. I'm. So grateful.

I came to see you they're sitting in the waiting room reading this what do you think happens oh my. God they really can't help me right. Manage the again this is managing that level you know that kind of engineering we do more in killer influence. But it's the same idea clinically speaking you have have to manage the expectations.

Especially. Yours as a hypnotist. I'm sorry what not change they would be able to record. I didn't understand what you said they read through all these testimonials and they don't change they be able to repord well again you're bringing a lot of social principles social hypnotic principles into it because you have what we call commitment and consistency you have um.

Affinity which is everybody else or what they call social proof social proof is the idea everybody else is doing this. I should do it too everybody else says this is good it must be good right. Very powerful very powerful hypnotic operator manages expectation right. Um when.

I used to sell door to-door. Insurance before we went into an area they would give us a list of all the people in that neighborhood who had the policy we were selling and we would take their names and we would write it on a little flip uh flip file at the top of our on top of our insurance role and we would go to the door and if they gave us a presentation they say. I was just talking to. So and.

So down the street they have this they have this they have this they have this and all you needed to get was one person that they knew go oh. John has this come on in right. Social proof right. Yeah yeah.

W. Clemen. Stone built a billion dooll insurance company doing that door too right. You guys know who.

W. Clem stone is right. He was the guy who actually supported. Napoleon.

Hill the guy who wrote. Think and. Grow. Rich who couldn't make any money on his own right.

Okay. I was lucky enough to to work for. Combined. Insurance.

I was lucky enough to go to their sales school and graduate the top of the class yeah baby yeah okay. Um. So expectation and you know whose expectations you got to manage. First yours your expectations are always hypnosis is easy.

I know it's going to work they're going to do everything really well we're going to rock it right. Law of expectation. I don't really. I'm going to just call this the law of latency even though.

I don't actually know what the. I think it it is in your book. I just don't remember what the actual term is and this is the idea that the longer an idea is accepted and held and the unconscious level the long the harder it is to change the harder it is to change notice. I said harder not impossible that's why we giving you regression.

Technologies as early as possible because that's where you're going to be able to clear a lot of stuff that's old yes. Okay. Okay. Law of compliance when you go back through the videos.

You'll see we covered these actually throughout the course of the training law of compliance each time you accept a suggestion you become predisposed to accepting the. Next one and the inverse is also true each time somebody you give a suggestion and they refuse it they become more predisposed to not accepting the. Next one. So if they they refuse the.

First suggestion or they don't follow the. First suggestion you got to really sweeten the pot in make it easy on the. Second one right. Hairballs sorry.

Next one we talked about was the law of s of compounding law of compounding says. First time. I give you a suggestion it's weak. Second time.

I give you a suggestion the. Second suggestion is is weak. First suggestion gets stronger. Third suggestion is weak.

Second suggestion gets stronger. First suggestion gets stronger add infinitum right. So the correlator of that the tactic is never give one suggestion never give two suggestions give as many suggestions as you can and it does not matter if it's all the same suggestion where. I'm just saying every day and every way you're getting better and better and better every day and every way you're getting better and better and better for a thousand times uh in.

Old. School hypnosis it's called direct suggestion direct drive hypnosis and it works it's just boring as [ __ ] for the hypnotist right. Jerry. K what.

Jerry used to do when he did direct drive was he would say in a moment. I'm going to repeat some s. I'm going to say some give you your mind some powerful positive suggestions. I want you to scream them shout them as loud and as strong as possibly as you can quietly inside your mind right.

And. So he would start saying every day in every way. I'm becoming a nonsmoker. I am a nonsmoker.

I will be a nonsmoker for the rest of my life and he would drone on for like five or six minutes and. Then he would reach over and he'd turn on the tape recorder he had prepared that would continue giving the suggestions he'd get up go to the bathroom get a cup of coffee come back after 20 minutes by that time the guy is usually in the chair going. I am a non-smoker. I'll be a non smoker for the rest of my right.

But the idea is you have to get them mentally and emotionally engaged in that now a lot of people ask about. Amnesia a lot of times you'll probably not when. I'm having you guiding you through a process like in the room you guys just blank out right. That's usually because.

I'm. H. I'm not having you do a whole lot right. Anytime you have the client just there in the chair not doing a lot except being receptive to suggestion they will go into a amnesic state many times they'll like especially on a direct drive technique if you're just groaning the same suggestion over and over and over and over again at some point their conscious mind will just completely check out because they're not they're not doing anything the meat's not engaged.

So they'll go and they won't remember a lot right. Does work right. It does work it just not really exciting and it's not my style. But when in doubt think of a handful of suggestions and just hammer it for 30 solid minutes while they're in trance future pay them have them make some movies of the future bring them out you've got standard old school hypnosis that's all they did put you in trance deepen deepen deepen direct suggestion direct suggestion direct suggestion direct suggestion make some mental movies about it rehearse it over and over and over again suggestions to do it outside of.

Trance done right. Not my style if you want to play with that as a primary intervention you're more than welcome to do it um. But again not what. I.

I mean not what. I do. But if you if you don't know anything you don't have any idea what technique to use just make up some powerful suggestions and repeat them over and over and over again yeah. First the.

First accept. Second that. First to be accepted it can it can the law of compounding and the law of suggestion really do go hand in hand right. And you can see how you can overcome any resistance with enough repetition right.

It's just sometimes the amount of repetition necessary for that to take place is astronomical especially if you haven't cleared up the resistance to the problem in the. First place [Music] yeah. I've never calibrated that. So.

I don't. I can't. I can't say yes. Or no.

I've never. I've never asked about. I. I us see because.

I'm not giving one suggestion at a time. I'm usually not giving one suggestion at a time. So. I'm giving like multiple suggestions on multiple levels.

So something's going in that's why you know you know. Mark and my. I are kind of that same that way we don't just give one we we we're doing suggestions with what we do with our body we're giving suggestions with what we do with our tonality you guys watch when. I was doing heavy hand light hand right.

When. I was doing the the heavy hand. I was heavier heavier. I was changing my tonality.

I was being very direct. I was sounding like what. I was saying that's another form of suggestion okay. The more you sound like what you're describing the more engaged the neurology becomes it's theater 101 okay.

Theater 101 um law of fractionation if. I put you in trance bring you out or almost completely out and. Then. I put you back in within a very short amount of time each time time you go in you will go deeper.

So if you go in let's say this is a you know 0 to 10. First time. I put you in you get to about a three. I bring you out of.

Trance. I put you back in you'll go to a five. I bring you out of. Trance.

I put you back in you'll go to a seven see how it works and that's exactly what you're doing in the four. Magic. Bullets when you're going open your eyes. Close your eyes.

Open your eyes. Close your eyes. Open your eyes. Close your eyes.

Each time those everybody sit up in your chairs right. Close your eyes. Open your eyes. Close your eyes.

Open your eyes. What do you notice when you open your eyes. And what do you feel in your body when you open your eyes. And close your eyes.

You feel a little downward movement right. Especially if. I if. I hold my hands in front of you and go open your eyes.

Close your eyes. Open your eyes. CL you feel up and down movement that's a kinesthetic suggestion caused by the movement of your eyes. And it says oh.

I'm going down. I'm going up. I'm going down and. So each time you come up and out of it you're engaging that fractionation phenomenon you come up you go down and you can do that any point at any at any point in any trance right.

If you want to take them into like if you're at gry room you want to take them into specific negativity. But you really was want to pile drive them through the floor you just go open your eyes. Close your eyes. Open your eyes.

Close your eyes. Open your eyes. Close your eyes. In a moment.

I want you to notice there a feeling you've been having a feeling you want to change a feeling that has everything to do with why you're here today point to where you feel it frame it anytime you want to just slam them deeper into trans fractionate them there are some inductions where you just instant indu you go open your eyes. Close your eyes. Open your eyes. Close your eyes.

Open your eyes. Close your eyes. Like three minutes if you're like. Steve pickas um let me use you.

Andrea there was a course. I co-taught with. Steve pickas many moons goes neurotic hypnosis training have you seen it the the one. I coau with.

Steve. P this is. Steve pius's version of open your eyes. Close your eyes.

You ready sleep all the way up sleep all the way up sleep and he's doing this to women during an erotic hypnosis training the man is a psychopath right. That's pretty radical was thank you give a big round of applause he took. Whiplash for you guys. First time.

I saw. Steve do that. I was like oh my. God.

I'm letting him teach with me. I'm going to jail. But he. Steve for those of you who don't know who who.

Steve pickus is uh a lot of you have heard of. Ross. Jeff a lot of you have heard of. Mark.

Cunningham they both learned from. Steve pickas uh. Steve p is very much uh one of the most crazy hypnotists on the planet he's like a 65-year-old ex- biker walks around with a leather jacket with fringes hair down to his back um and he's got the strongest frame control of anyone. I've ever seen he just walks into a room and everybody believes what he says no.

Matter how much how react you know crazy it is right. He has that kind of a a presence. But uh really a very smart intelligent. But very very radical dude right.

Uh and he he is not cheap to to get. St study with. So. But.

But he he and. I are friends if anybody can be friends with. Steve um and he actually when the very. First time.

I taught erotic hypnosis in uh in. San. Diego. I invited him to come teach and he said yes.

And. So we we uh well. I was the nice one. I'm still kind of seeing in therapy for that week weekend.

But um. But. I learned a lot. I learned a lot about.

Primal circuits in women and uh and and just how how hyper responsive women become when those circuits are activated in the right. Way it's a little off the deep end. But. Steve makes most of his.

Steve by the way builds himself as a vagina mechanic uh he created a a system called. White. Tiger. Tantra about.

I guess over 10 years ago now and it was really. A system that teaches women how of ejaculatory orgasms um. But a lot of it was specific massage techniques designed to break up adhesions in the vaginal wall um which actually helps them release a lot of it is from a lot of people a lot of the ladies like to use toys it damages and and creates muscle adhesions in the uterine walls over time and actually increases their inability to become anorgasmic or orgasmic. So you go in and you have to break up that that stuff.

Have. You. Ever. Seen.

Those fertility massages where people go in and they they massage the the womb and and the the uterus and things like that it's very much along those lines. But he uses it for giving women ejaculatory orgasms. So if you're interested in that kind of stuff white tiger. Tantra dcom.

I think it's still out um. But he is be prepared he will test your state control where did my my. Eraser go okay. Let me see what am.

I missing am. I missing something law of expectation law of latency law of compliance law of compounding law of fractionation we talked about faring a little bit yesterday right. Faring is the phenomena where if. I say don't buy my.

Next training today right. Your unconscious mind say deletes the don't and you go ahead and buy my. Next training today okay. Right.

Um did. I leave any out this means yes. This means no. Okay.

Um. So when you're creating suggestions remember that you always want to create them in what we call present tense or present progressive which means uh in present tense. I am a non-smoker. I'll be a nonsmoker for the rest of my life.

I now weigh a. Slim. Trim 160 lbs not since. I came to land.

But um uh that's present tense works very well uh my preference is present progressive tense which means instead of saying. I am a non-smoker is. I am becoming a nonsmoker. I will continue to be a nonsmoker for the rest of my life.

So in one. I am already there in the other one. I am be in the process of becoming both are powerful one is just much harder for the unconscious mind to find an incongruity or an inconsistency with right. So.

I have a question you mention often the of reactor like every time you suest you suggest something people are like pretty supposed to say no. They're not always pretty supposed to say no. It really depends on how that how it's asked um we covered reactants in depth. Last night uh we covered the three types of resistance plus reactants plus the resistance removal formula it's a specific conversational protocol designed to cause people to generate reasons for doing the things they said they didn't want to do and once they once you have their reason for doing the thing they said they didn't want to do.

Then you can leverage that and get them to start taking actions based on that reason okay. So um a lot of the reactants can be removed by going becoming what we call permissive and indirect most types of reactive and most types of resistance are going to happen when you give a direct suggestion close your eyes. Relax your body until they just won't work as opposed to. I'm wondering if you could just close your eyes.

And allow your body to relax if you want to right. And as you do that maybe you can notice other things starting to relax as well. So it's it's it's very different it's just as powerful in many cases it's just how how much resistance does it create technically speaking based on the studies there actually is no. Difference in the efficacy of direct suggestion versus indirect suggestion with the exception that direct suggestions are more likely to be refused depending on how they're stated.

So the eriksonian people out there are the people who like to get all vague and creepy and confusing telling these weird stories and stuff stuff like that they're actually not any more effective than someone who's from the element school where they're just going to tell you go to close your eyes. Go to sleep and stop being a smoker all right. Yeah question okay. Um something more mundane like uh let's go back to my place let's go back to my place um depends on their state depends on their.

State uh with women especially the the higher the level of of emotional arousal actually this is with any with male or female the higher the level of emotional arousal the flimsier the reasoning can be you know uh very. Infamous guy in the comes from the the speed seduction lineage and. Then he went out on his own friend of mine by the name of uh swing cat wrote wheel roll seduction um and. I.

I've gone to bars with this guy. I'm not a bar guy. But. I would go to the bars just to watch him work right.

I saw him go to. Tijana and game hookers and get freebies right. Um. But the idea is in his book.

He talks about neurological arousal and why it's important remember that the the the more emotional arousal and arousal can be fear lust anger hunger it does not matter any form of arousal in the neurology the more intense the arousal the faster the critical faculty checks out okay. Your neocortex the rational lying brain is designed to do exactly that it's designed to generate a story to justify you acting on the feelings and emotions below the surface. So if you've got somebody like he's famous for getting women all all aroused and turned on and. Then ask him to come back to his apartment to look.

At his stamp collection and they go right. Because what can happen. I'm just going to look. At a stamp collection for women they need plausible deniability they need plausible deniability something.

I had just had won too many drinks right. I would just went back to look. At his stamp collection and things just happened right. There's one story you know.

I don't know if you guys have ever been in. LA or if this is uh if this happens where you guys live you know the the people who like they they they they're like little groups and they go into a certain area and they have these big bags sometimes it's cologne and they just walking around selling things in a parking lot or they they come to your door selling magazines right. Well one time this attractive woman in. La came to swing cat's door selling magazines he seduced her at the door and didn't even buy any magazines.

I mean he's just he's just one of those guys that and he's just a little. Jewish guy he's not like he looks like. Rico. Suave you ever.

SE has he satin shirts right. Smart as a whip though very very smart though he just likes that stuff right. He and he accepts that he he says this is who. I am this is what.

I'm about and. I'm okay. With it right. A lot of people aren't.

But. But the idea you have to remember is that all forms of emotional arousal are transstates all forms of emotional arousal are trans. States your conscious mind your rational your rational brain the neocortex is the youngest part of you and it has one job well it has several jobs. But the one you need to realize that's most active in your hypnosis clients is it makes up stories it makes up rationals to justify to itself and to the people around them acting on the feelings that it has whether it's a primal drive or an emotional one okay.

Remember we said yesterday there are three points of resistance things that threaten our sense of self things things that threaten the way we think other people will see us right. And. Then what we know to be true the part that that that creates stories to protect those parts of ourselves is your neocortex your rational your rational conscious mind. But it's also the least informed the.

Last to know and the weakest it's the. First one to check out when the uh the emotional level hits too much and if it's something that needs an action it'll generate a story to allow you to do it in in hypnosis in the hypnosis uh world we would call it trans logic right. Trans logic. But it's really just creating a story to justify acting on what we want to do in the.

First place in a way that's acceptable to ourselves or acceptable to the people around us has nothing to do with why we're actually doing it okay. That's why. I tell people. I tell my hypnosis clients 99% of the clients who come in your door lying to you they don't know what the problem is they've created a rationale for why they are the way they are.

But if that part the part that created the rationale could fix the problem they wouldn't be in your chair. But you smile and you nod and you act compassionate and you pretend to believe them until you get to talk to the boss which is the unconscious mind and as like. Bill you saw with. Bill like you saw with.

Hong you find out where the she really the [ __ ] really started and. Then you fix it and everything's good right. But remember the people who come to see you don't actually know why they are the way they are. But they sure as hell think they do all right.

And you can't alienate them from their unconscious mind you have to yeah like you need to allow a fair amount of time off. The. Possession clients come back to thisly well. I don't let them out of the room.

I don't let them out of the clinic until they're back to they're completely out of. Trance as far as being functional and and not going to. R walk into traffic or something like that well they're going to be processing for a week or more after the session and. I usually tell them.

I said look. You may notice after the session emotions and feelings come up that's okay. Let them that's just the body shedding. So the processes are fast the processing goes on right.

And you have to you have to let them know about that because if feelings come up after the session the. First thing they're going to try and do is stuff it down they're going to try and argue with it they're going to try and deny it or or do what they've been doing for 20 years instead of letting it come up and out that's why you hear me keep saying as it comes up it comes out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it right. The energy has to leave the body and a lot of times we have the feelings we had when it happened. But as it as you let it happen and you let it process out it's gone it's when you try to stuff it down you try to distract yourself you try to do everything.

But let yourself feel it fully that you prolong it or you actually make it worse yeah remember for every unit of energy you try to keep locked in the body you need an equal or greater amount of energy to keep it there and if you're constantly accumulating more emotional [ __ ] and you're adding more and more emotional energy to keep it there what do you think you only have a finite capacity before these things transition into physical masses or. Neurosis or whatever right. You know. So again when you're that's why.

I'm. I'm. I'm okay. With abative work because if they're.

Abri acting they're venting if they're venting they're healing there may need to they may need to do more than just vent. But. I know when that. AB reaction subsides they're closer to being.

St stable than before now if you leave them hanging in the middle of a [ __ ]. AB re action well that's not the that's not the point the point is you have to be there through that whole process right. And guide them and let them know okay. This is what's going to happen and that's going to happen and the more you the more knowledge demonstrate about what they're experiencing before they experiencing it man the more they follow you right.

The more they follow you that's one of the reasons why. I make you be the client right. Dealing with real stuff because you understand this world now better than they do from both sides of the chair. So when you talk about what's going on you know because you've been there right.

That's a big deal for people people need to know that that you know where you're doing right. Even if it's not pretty they need to know that they can rely on you to be unfl flappable yes. Do you. I tell them to.

I tell them what. I tell them specifically is when a feeling comes up vent it and. I give examples one lady that went to see one of my mentors for a life time of sexual abuse after her session she checked into a hotel room slept for 18 hours says if you want to you know if you need to break dishes find a you know go buy some cheap dishes lock yourself in a closet and break the hell out of the dishes just do it in a way in a time and a place that's safe and appropriate and doesn't and. I don't want to read any stories about you on top of a post office with an.

M16 right. I make jokes like that. But. I.

I. I. I put it across them that vent these emotions safely. But appropriately and do it in a way that allows you to completely vent the emotions right.

You got to use the word appropriately to the context and it safely right. Because they you know they may take that as if if they're a little off they may take that as permission to go slug the guy down the street that's not what it's about right. But you got to give them permission and and tell them this is what you need to do to heal you need to vent that feeling right. If you need to blck yourself in a closet scream into a pillow for an hour do it it's your.

Clos it's your pillow right. Just give them examples they can be funny examples. But they get it right. You can deliver these things with a sense of humor even though they're very serious never lose your your playfulness in the process that doesn't mean you're not compassionate it doesn't mean that you know you're making light of their situation.

But it's also the understanding that there's nothing here we can't fix right. Don't take yourself too seriously because that's one of the people that's one that's one of the reasons why they got person's in the chair in the. First place they've taken themselves way too seriously right. Seriousness is the kiss of death seriously you will always be more resourceful in a playful.

State than you will in a serious state. So for the sake of your client you owe it to yourself to be at your best right. Um. So those are the laws of mental.

Dynamics. I'm trying to think if there's any other laws we need to cover it's not there is a phenomenon similar to the law of compounding um with post hypnotics when you give somebody a post hypnotic suggestion which is a suggestion for them to do something once they've formally emerged from trans each and every time you activate that post hypnotic it can have a similar effect it's weak the. First time you do it you activate it the. Second time it gets stronger you activate it the.

Third time it gets stronger. So uh. NLP likes to call. Post hypnotic suggestions anchors right.

But it's the same phenomenon. So remember um when you're doing post hypnotic suggestions you want to rehearse them a lot in trance set it to a keyword or a stimulus bring them out activated a few times just to get the ball rolling and and and really and especially the. First few times are doing it you want to. Lavish.

Praise on them you want to say great job awesome work feel good why because the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated right. Stimulus response unconscious mind wants to please remember the unconscious mind is the seat of your long-term memory it's the seat of your imagination it houses the protective mind right. Um in my book. That.

I gave you. I make a distinction between the subconscious and the unconscious in my and most people use them indistinguishably in my world the subconscious is the seat of your emotions it's the realm of your long-term. Memories the unconscious mind is the part that runs the meat keeps your heart beating keeps your lungs breathing controls your blink rate right. They are not mutually exclusive.

But we do segment it that way just for clarity un yeah or the or the lyic system really yeah um. So. Neil stoss. WR his book.

The. Game um he was talking about when you approach a woman you don't want to go up to her and say um hey how you doing my name is because. Then she's going to automatically be off. So instead a better way to approach would be to um you know kind of get your opinion on something.

I got this friend and his girlfriend and and. Then a girl is like oh okay. This guy wants to hear. So you're kind of tricking them into and.

Then you can tell a story which which which could be completely fictitious. But he invokes certain emotions within the email within the person you're speaking with um is that is there a law at work there is there is there a name for that well what he's doing is called an opinion opener a what an opinion opener okay. Yeah opinion opener all right. And um the law is is actually just uh it's not a law per se he's using metaphor uh in your section on conversational hypnosis under.

State. Management you'll see two major questions there have have to have you ever question and. I believe the other one is what's it like when yeah right. It's it's in your it's in your manuals okay.

Uh and that what you do with that is you you name a state and. Then you describe it like have you ever met somebody that for just some mysterious reason you two just clicked it's like it's like like you were born like you were separated at. Birth. But there was some connection between you that you just instantly felt and though even though you only met this person like in the moment it felt like you knew them for your entire life and it felt just.

So right. To spend time with them has that ever happened to you right. So what did. I do.

I named the state. I named the condition that. I wanted you to do a trans derivational search for. I described it which caused you all to start visualizing it right.

And. Then. I asked has that ever happened to you. So.

I named it. I described either a generic experience or my personal experience it causes you to play a movie in your head. Then. I ask you has that ever happened to you and it connects what.

I just described to your personal experience and the emotions get locked in it yes. I can tell you a personal story that is kind of recent. I've been to. UK s and.

Then. I noticed that this street pick up thing is a big thing yeah yeah it's been there for 20 years no. But. I mean and was like a crazy thing a guy came to me and he like uh said do you want very beautiful.

But you don't have a wedding ring uh you cannot be totally crazy and. Then. I said yeah yeah. I can totally crazy.

I agree and. Then he says are you kidding me. I said no. No.

Not. I'm as crazy as you can be and still live in society without an off. I would have said. I just got.

I'm on parole want. I have coffee yeah okay. Well let's just grab a drink uh and. Then he like shaking my hand and his hand was very like rock it had opposite effect it was very hard to my hand mhm.

So. I mean things that were meant to be positive they had like opposite effects yeah because they don't have calibration they don't really understand what they're doing right. The difference between be having external game and internal game right. If you don't have the the inner game it doesn't matter what you do with the external game it's it's going to be in congruent it's going to be out of s okay.

But we digress this is not a pickup class. But um what what. Neil is doing many times with his stories is he's building up. Social.

Status in the background like you ever listen him talk about his story what he's traveling with his buddy uh in. Europe actually. I think it was. This is.

Swing cat story. But. I think they they share stories um and uh he's driving with his friend in their. Maserati right.

And and they they're driving and they find a they see a limo broken down on the side of the road and they they pull over and it's. Bono. Right. Got dist right.

But the whole idea is at no. Point is he the star of the of the story because he's. But because he's telling the story about his friend and and and. Bono.

And all these things that star power gets linked to him and his social status in the eyes. Of the woman goes up it's indirect if. I go and say hey. I know.

Bono. It's like yeah [ __ ] you right. But my friend was driving along the road in this. VAR.

I was with him it was cool and we stop by and there's. Bono. Right. And.

Then we you see how it's the difference it's in it's in the background right. It's it's paraliminal right. So you the pro the protagonist is often a distraction right. So the things that are presupposed he.

First his friend has a. Maserati. Therefore his friend must be rich. Therefore this the the the implication is he knows rich people maybe he's.

Rich too see this you see the string of associations that's how it works in in. NLP and conversation osis terms we call those presuppositions after as you get deeper and deeper into the conversational hynosis stuff you'll start to think in pres you already think in presupposition. But you'll learn to think strategically in. Pres suppositions the things that'll come out of your mouth you'll already know what you're presupposing when you say it and.

So you can just seamlessly guide people in ways that that are just almost unfair right. And you you only get there from actually speaking in presuppositions and and and understanding them right. You got to do it a lot you got to read some books on it to and. Then goti start with.

CPI. CPI is the fastest most direct way to get get good right. You can spend years studying things like you know the mil patterns one and two frogs and. I mean all of eegor stuff is just sends you the wrong direction right.

Um where did. Myer go again thank you all right. So those are the laws of mental. Dynamics it's that's faring we've talked a little bit about arousal and why it's important we talked about the rational mind the neocortex talked about the conscious subconscious mind remember the conscious mind is the seed of your willpower it's the seed of your short-term memory it's the the home of a behavior known as the critical faculty which is the aperture the gate that controls what suggestions go in what suggestions go out in hypnosis the technical the technical definition of hypnosis not the functional one.

I gave you at the beginning of the training the technical definition in the. Jerry kind school is the bypass of the critical faculty of the conscious mind and the establishment of acceptable selective thinking now if you stop for a moment and think about that definition is there anything that you you encounter that that doesn't do that movies do that do they bypass your critical faculty do they set up a an environment in your mind that's different that that's what the producer or the director or the station wants you to have do books do that right. If you think about that that definition do does advertising do that absolutely do. Attractive people do that say yes.

Right. Do unattractive people do that say yes. Right. There isn't much that does not have the capacity to bypass your critical faculty and direct your thoughts in a certain in a certain.

Direct in a certain way religions are stock and trade doing that okay. By. G telling you about the glories of. Heaven and the fires of hell right.

They get you they get that lyic system going the critical faculty checks out and you become hypers suggestible right. So your critical faculty is actually a good thing in certain contexts it's designed to keep you from changing too fast that's what it's that's one of its primary purposes if you didn't have a critical fact faculty anything you were told would go right. In and have as much validity as like the. First thing you were ever told you would be you'd be buffeted by suggesting left and right.

But the critical faculty has a setting on it it only lets in what's already there it only lets in what's already there. So if somebody comes up to you me to me and says. David is a flaming. Butthead the critical faculty goes let me check.

Guido yeah is. David a flaming. Butthead oh yeah he's a dick go on in right. Right.

If. I get if my critical faculty meets a suggestion that says. David is the sexiest man in the world and. Brad.

Pit is jealous yo. Guido we got. Brad. Pit wannabe out here is that true.

I don't know let me check nah he's a dick get out of here that's what your conscious that's what your critical faculty does it looks it takes information checks to see what's there if it finds a match it lets the information in if it doesn't find one it kicks it out unless they come in with a battering ramp repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition right. You as a hypnotist all you're doing is you're walking up to the bouncer and say hey why don't you go get some pizza right. You go you change the files around put new files in. Then.

Guido comes back you bring me a slice no. All right. I'll see you. Later better guy comes.

Next suggestion comes in. David is the. Messiah let me check oh hell no. He's still a dick get him right.

But the point is the critical faculty has an important job and we don't we don't vilify that. But its job is only to let in what's already there and if what got there. First isn't helping you. Then we need to send the guy the critical faculty out for pizza with four simple steps go in change the files and.

Then when the bouncer comes back it does its job like it's always done. But now it lets all different information in information that wasn't there before and it kicks other things out that's old school hypnosis and it's still true enough to be true right. We have many different ways that we can change those files. But at the end of the day you have to bypass the critical faculty and that's why.

I say hypnosis is any process that takes them from the state they're in to a more useful state to another state right. Bypassing the critical faculty is ridiculously easy it's easier than. EV than than the authorities want you to believe because as long as you believe it's hard you think you're safe you understand that there is a secret government. Edward bernes wrote about it you guys ever you guys know who.

Edward bernes is he was. Sigman. Freud's nephew he's also the founder and father of public relations and propaganda what. Edward bernes b e r n a i s e huh okay.

The secret government is the media it's not the. US government it's not the. Russian government it's the media they run the planet because they tell you what to think they tell you what to believe they tell you what's true and what's not it's your media that's why there's such a close relationship between governments and media okay. Edward bernes is responsible for giving millions of women cancer you know how you know how he did it he convinced him to start smoking you know how he did that he convinced them that by adopting smoking the smoke that the cigarette was a surrogate penis and that by smoking you could be that women could be at the same power level as a man thousands of millions of women all over the world began smoking right.

After. World. War. II it was him there's other ones you can you can buy some books about him.

But not my favorite guy. But. Then again some of the people that are most powerful aren't our favorites are they doesn't mean we can't learn from them right. So.

Last thing we're going to do before we start on terms of reviewing. Theory you guys remember the six laws of six dynamics of the unconscious mind. Heather what's the. First one it always answers.

First always answers. First excellent have you found that to be true yeah always answers honestly very good. Derek let me write and squeak make it up make it up always feels like you're making it [Music] up what's the other one what's number four huh it's never. L.

I don't remember it's never loud. I. I did just what. I.

I did you always have an urge to edit what just came up. Last one. Derrick's reading his notes it's never linear have you found these to be true or not true experientially right. Again don't just believe me ex learn by experience right.

These are things you can rely on and especially in in uh when you're dealing with clients if you tell them this ahead of time your credibility goes way up the minute they experience any one of those six things while in trance right. [Music] there's three steps or three three elements in every instant induction what's element number one. William relaxation relaxation for an instant induction do you need relaxation for an instant induction huh train them and train them okay. Uh.

But what's the. First what what what one of three elements of an instant or rapid induction that's a type of induction you guys sat around blasting people into trance that's right. Sudden loss of equilibrium either mental or physical in my world it's usually both what's the. Second one.

Jolly what's the. Second principle of an instant a rapid induction didn't expect to pop quiz did you huh that's number three direct command direct command direct command usually sleep and. Then three just keep talking [Music] okay. True or false imagination games are hypnotic inductions that's good okay.

Learn more than you thought huh what is the what is the phenomena that links the mind and the body. I'm sorrya sematic okay. That's a tech that's actually technically true not the one. I'm looking for though vivification is acting out the change work you want to do we did mention it we just didn't emphasize it as much what's the what what's the phenomena that connects the mind the psyche and the.

Soma breath breath okay. But getting back to um what is the sematic address what's the sematic address. Kevin what's a sematic address where you feel something where you feel something sematic bridge is what. Mark uh bridge is taking it out close.

Peter what's sematic. Bridge. H okay. Mark what's sematic.

Bridge. Larry it is that's right. You're connecting into reception and exteral reception right. Point to where you feel it reach out and touch it any kind of internal and external connection is a sematic bridge as long as it's using the body right.

So you're you're you're you're connecting what you're connecting the emotion with something external it's you're connecting the entire internal hologramic compon holographic component with the external holographic component and creating multiple routes to the same information. So by activating the body remember that the eyes. And the and the hands take up more areas of the brain right. Just using the right.

And left hands activates the right. And left hemispheres looking at it creates a visual construct. So there's all kinds of neural circuits that you're activating you're connecting the external and the internal you're connecting the subjective and the objective the parts of your brain that act out to change are are are changing both emotionally and physically because remember we talked about external warmth emotional warmth right. Physical warmth emotional warmth same areas of the brain.

So as we work all of these different areas we're getting more and more and more of the neurology engaged in the process we're bringing more resources to bear on the situation which is why we and we creates more energetic amplitude in the body that pushes the change through that's why it happens. So fast okay. Sematic bridge what's the sematic search engine concept who can tell me what the sematic search engine is and why it's important it gets them to think or put themselves in that. CL or motion okay.

It can be used to deepen and create and deepen absorption in the process. But what what is the primary thing we need to understand about the sematic search engine and and why it's important finding the issue finding the issue okay. Anything else. Zach where information is located it's where the information is located what kind of information huh start with the color well you start with a color that's translation from of information remember when you when you work with any piece of information you are working with a hologram that has billions and billions of bits of information in it it's too much for you to focus on.

So you you only get what you ask for it doesn't mean the other information isn't there the more information you ask for as. Larry implied the more absorbed in the process and the more of that hologram you access right. Most of the time you only need a color. But you can also go weight temperature texture size shape in your body out of your body you can any attribute you can think of you can ask about and and the unconscious mind will generate an answer answer the act of generating that answer deepens the.

Trans. State and each of those attributes is a letter in the code the neurology uses to run your system. So when you look. At the color the direction the weight each of these things has meaning and instruction to the neurology changing the code changes what the neurology does with it okay.

The sematic search engine allows you to extract more information and deepen absorption in the process okay. What is utilization what is that utilization means whatever happens in the session you use it you build it in it's supposed to happen it's a part of the program and you tell them what it means and what's going to happen. Next wrecking ball comes crashing through and as you feel your internal block being blasted away and hear the sounds of change all around you you can feel confident knowing that your brain is changing for the better we past it we acknowledged it we tell them what's happening we tell them what it means and what's going to happen. Next and nothing ever flaps us nothing ever.

Ruffles our feathers you know in the middle of the session they can get up set their dick on fire and wave it around as. George. Carlin used to say we expected that and as you put your dick out and sit back down you can continue to go deeper into trance because you know it's the right. Thing to do right.

George. Carlin said the coolest stuff that. I think find. I find useful is teaching materials right.

But the. I. I and. I and.

I make a. VC. But that's that's really that's really how it has to be there are people there are clients who love to try and shock the therapist and the minute you show that they've shocked you you've lost it's a frame. War you understand nothing they do flaps you okay.

That's what you found that that's quite common in in past you'll get people who are borderline um people who are yeah people who are very um attention seeking they are the ones most prone to it right. Uh some some narcissistic behaviors they'll they'll have that attention seeking. Behavior right. They're not out to.

Pro they don't they're not to get fixed they're out to prove you can't fix them and they you that they can shock you and and expose and and create a feeling and you are oh oh you poor baby or you know it's not you know. So you have to be aware of that kind of behavior right. Um they'll go off on tangents like all over the place. But there's no.

Way for me to prepare you for every single possibility right. Just to know that no. Matter what happens stick to the utilization principle stick to your state control right. Acknowledge it.

Pace it tell them what it means and what happens. Next right. Somebody was shocked when uh. I think it was uh.

J. Johnny was trying to put. Derek into trance and he burst out laughing right. And he'd never had that experience before right.

That's a very common one by the way you start putting someone in trans they'll start laughing it's a it's a release of tension a defense mechanism and if you don't realize what's going on and you don't just and you don't practice utilization it'll break your state and they won't go into trans. But if you actually say oh. Then as you laugh laughing is a relaxation of tension that means you're going deeper into trance and as you go deeper into trance you can laugh until you're done laughing and go deeper what whatever comes out you use it whatever comes out you use it right. Uh let's see what is resourcing you guys remember we talked about this there were three types of resourcing we've.

T we've practiced one or two huh safe place is a resource one of the most powerful ones by the way in terms of therapeutic as well as uh get out of jail free card if and people start to abreact all you have to do is have them breathe their safe energy through it or breath or go to their safe place. AB action's over right. But that's not not the standard approach you have to you have to say and the scene. Fades and you attend your breathing.

But you'll find when people start having a really strong emotional response as they unpack things just go ahead and breathe your safe energy through there and notice what happens right. That's why. I gave it to you the other way to do it is to create what we call a dissociation anchor dissociation anchor is where and and you saw me you saw me demonstrate dissociation with. May where.

I. I brought her up. I had put her put her hand on the table right. And.

I had her imagine that the hand on the table. AEL wasn't her hand anymore it was just a hand it was just a piece of meat and her real hand was up there on the ceiling and. I had her up there looking at her hand on the ceiling waving at her flipping her off doing whatever and. I'm down here you know twisting the skin on her fingers or on the back of her hand like a freaking throttle on a motorcycle and she's like right.

And she enjoyed it. So much she didn't come back she stayed dissociated every time. I tried to get she you're very cute when you're in transit by the way man right. But my point is is that you can actually set those kinds of things up in advance where you and the way you do it in.

NLP is if you imagine standing in place and you could step out of your body and look. At yourself and you can imagine stepping out of this body and looking at yourself looking at yourself and. Then you step out of this body and you imagine yourself looking at yourself looking at yourself looking at yourself looking at whatever it is that you're you're dealing with you have infinite levels of dissociation you have infinite levels of dissociation the more times you dissociate the more removed you become from the intensity of the issue. So resource depending on how it's used it's a it's a it's a it's a very common mental phenomena everybody in here dissociates in certain contexts and.

Associates in others dissociates means you're watching yourself. Associates means you seeing it through your own eyes. Like a first- person perspective okay. NLP unfortunately and this is one of my big criticisms with.

NLP. NLP tends to associate dissociation with resolution in other words if. I can dissociate you from the trauma of an accident. So that you don't feel the trauma anymore you're it's cured functionally that's not resolution right.

That's like saying if if half my house is burning down and. I build a wall between my half and the half of the house that's burning down that the rest of my that my house isn't burning down anymore right. That shit's going to come out somewhere maybe not today maybe not tomorrow it's going to come out right. So.

I always go for resolution. But as a resource as something to practice because it's not about dissoci iation being bad it's about doing it when it's appropriate there are times when being dissociated is a massive plus all good. Fighters by the way uh when they do time. Distortion automatically dissociate they go into a dissociative state right.

In fact. I taught this at my. Last my. Last martial arts seminar.

I taught people how to do time. Distortion for martial arts um without having to take 30 years to do it which is what usually happens you're in the martial arts 30 40 years and maybe you learn how to do it. But all great martial arts athletes all great athletes of any kind really that automatically do time. Distortion right.

So we installed it right. So it's useful if it's a resource we want to have like a. Batman utility belt right. I need to flip my dissociation button boom now.

I can function without being overwhelmed by emotions. But there are times when. I actually kind of want to be overwhelmed by emotions oh like like when we're making love right. Not a good time to be in the other side of the room going man my butt's fat right.

Right. Some of you guys actually may find dissociation useful for endurance reasons. But you know okay. But right.

But what you. So the important thing to remember a is that you should be practicing how to be. Associated and how to be dissociated you should practice them both to get good at one. So you have a choice the other thing is is you always set up your resources before the session before you begin the actually not before the session in the session before the induction or as part of the induction right.

I actually set up their safe place many times or a version of it in their consultation uh one of the substitutes you can use for safety is pleasure if you have somebody who's never had an experience of being completely safe and they can remember a time when they felt the the strongest pleasure ever you can use that to dissolve a lot of [ __ ] and once you have them working with safe with pleasure you could imagine adding you can have them add in a feeling of safety to it. So you can actually mix like mixing paints to create a better better shade if you can name it and you can describe it you can create it right. But these things need to be done at the beginning of the session right. Safe place dissociation whatever resources you're going to do uh.

I think there was one other resource we talked about oh identification versus disidentification right. Um this is where again if you think about the picture that we used right. When the picture's out here we're disidentified from it when the picture passes the boundaries of our body we become identified. So if you can teach people how to move it out of them sematic bridge and.

I. I've actually done the inverse of this with people who are chronically dissociated. I have them. Reach.

Out. And. Touch the picture and they they don't feel a lot. I literally have them grab the picture and slam it into their body grab it and pull it out slam it into their body grab it and pull it out and after about five or six passes they feel a lot of [ __ ] right.

Uh there's a video on. YouTube where. I did this to a lady in. Orlando.

I'm teaching. I'm teaching and. I'm going through the framing exercise lady goes. I'm not feeling a whole lot and.

I right. Away. I knew what was going on. I said are you sure you want to and she goes yeah.

I said okay. Said grab it slam it in grab she burst out crying she had no. Idea that that would just and nobody taught me that by the way. I was in session with a woman.

I think it was a woman and she wasn't she wasn't feeling a whole lot and. I was frustrated and. I said grab that thing. SL slam it in pull it back out slam it in pull it back out and all of a sudden she's really she's.

F she's completely back connected to her emotions again the only way. I figured that out was. I got into a situation where nothing. I did worked.

So. I got creative or just pissed off. I'm not sure which right. And now that works a good.

Port not not nothing works all the time and anybody who tells you that tells you that is trying to tell you something right. But we got a really high percentage nothing works on everybody everything works on somebody yes. I've never tried it. I've never tried it on a cutter um usually what's going on with.

Cutters is there's just. So much stress and. So much helplessness just go to. Just regress to cause seriously just regress to cost fix the [ __ ] there and.

Then work on the an the auxiliary behaviors yeah before you had mentioned about you can take um a wonderful memory from their past and. Then incorporate that into whatever their fear or anxiety might be and help resolve that right. But um do you ever have a problem with now corrupting that beautiful memory if you use it too much. I don't take one memory and move move it into another okay.

Well there the emotion from that. I take the emotion and. I generate a resource based on that emotion and. I use that as my foundation.

So if. I have a picture that makes them feel amazing. I said notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color take that color move it through here notice what happens. I didn't move the memory right.

I didn't move the memory. But a lot of times you can pull that off because remember everything human beings do is a metaphor like uh. I was working with. Derek was it.

Derek no. It was uh. Johnny. Johnny had this big black triangle or pyramid in his back some stuff he was clearing and.

So. I didn't do exactly what. I'm about to describe. But.

I'm going to use his his metaphor because it's it was useful as we were going through the changer process and he's breathing his new colors through the area the pyramid turned crystal clear it was like a big. Crystal right. Many times you can take another one shape that they create and use it to dissolve another shape. So.

I could have taken that crystal pyramid moved it through the. Black. Pyramid and dissolved it a lot of times when you some people were. I think it was um you were pulling you had like a pulling like like out a dagger or something right.

You could say if there was something we if there were a a tool or something that would dissolve that dagger what would it be and they might come up with uh might be a blowtorch go ahead and blowtorch that dagger and notice what happens a lot of times you just turn it into a color and move it through the color. But you'll find a lot of times that these things take on an actual recognizable shape sometimes it's a hammer sometimes it's a a dagger a spear tip uh a lot of times it's some odd geometry that's very common at least the stuff. I come across. But you will get like common household items that were just in their environment at the time or are symbolic of the event and and and literally it's like there's a there's a dagger in his energy body right.

Here and as he as he resolves the energy from the emotional body the dagger comes out right. The entire human neurology is metaphoric. But those metaphors are holographic containers for vibrationally encoded information okay. That sounds complicated right.

It's just a shape that has stuff in it. So fix it. I went. Trump on you just a shape that has stuff in it.

But. I did not invent the internet. Anyway um. So that's resourcing identification versus disidentification.

I'm going to show you depending on how much time we have to play. I'm going to show you some other cool identifi identification based stuff today uh. But. I wanted to review because you guys wanted to review stuff these are the foundations of what you learn.
