Title: O5I_aWJjJA8.txt
Video Id: O5I_aWJjJA8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5I_aWJjJA8

All right. Myself that's uh hey guys um can you see me type it in the chat if you can see me i'm having trouble here figuring out where my where my chat is actually hold on a. Second i may have to log out and log back in let me let me see what i can do here content and i'm not sure what happened i can't see the chat. So i got to figure out how to get to the chat okay.

You guys see this for some reason i can't see the chat feature guys anybody got an idea what's up with that oh there it is never mind hold on i found you fortunately i think i need to close this. So that the chat moves under there we are hey guys all right. Hello everybody hey ron hey hannah happy thoughts long time no. See huh all right.

Things that are better now all right. Well this is one of my wednesday night uh or as i like i think i have it termed here the hump day hypnosis ama the hypnotic hump day ama. So you got me for a little bit of time i i was feeling kind of lonely and and uh wanting to reach out um questions talk to me what do you guys want to talk about today godfor says much love much love back at the big g over there all right. Hey cynthia how y'all doing seems like i just talked to you guys yesterday huh i must not be able to get enough don't stop till you get enough chemo nolan wants to know how to influence the subconscious mind well here's an interesting question no.

And no. One's been one of my been be bopping around planet david for a long time is there anything we do that doesn't influence the subconscious mind you think about it think about everything we do on this channel everything we do is about talking to the subconscious mind deepak i'd love to teach you amnesia. But i forgot how strange that um nolan says david in one of your courses you talk about two ways to influence subconscious mind effort and repetition actually effort and repetition are the same thing what i said was emotion and effort which is analogous to repetition the neurology is designed to do well what it does often. So the more you are the more you engage in processes the more rapidly your neurology streamlines its ability to do that it's it's a it's a common principle taught in most forms of personal training said specific adaptation to impose demand right.

And it's a way to move from through the four stages of learning um and and make things unconsciously competent okay. Um hold on a. Second this the type on on the chat is really really small i'm not sure if i can make that bigger or not oh wait that was better one. Second a little bit of a delayed reaction there okay.

Well you know i can't promise to answer every question. But here's as is my standard operating procedure um if i don't see your question or i you you know you just keep asking it in the chat if after i log off it's still not answered all i want you to do is type your question in the comment section below this video and um i will go back and i will i will type in the answers to your questions okay. Um i won't by the way just in case i haven't said it i really really really love and appreciate all of you you know what we do here at planet david is really special it it really does change people's lives and i want to thank you. So much for a really appreciating what we do.

But even more. So taking the materials out into the world and actually using them testing them playing with them and using them to make your life better nothing thrills me more than than to hear people tell you know write back and tell me how they use the technique and how it's made a profound change in them. So thank you for for finding the faith and the the willingness to take what we teach you and go out and and make your life your own and i want you. But i want you to know that you keep coming back you don't have to come back right.

And i want you to know how much i love and appreciate each and every one of you for for investing your time and energy with us and and i hope um that you'll continue to support us i hope you'll come out to more and more live events where we can actually hug and hang out and you know do shots or whatever it is we do right. If you're a substance abuse issues we won't do shots we'll do something else. But um. Anyway i just wanted you know i just wanted to say that i know a lot of people kind of get that unconsciously there's that unconscious influence you're asking about nolan.

But um sometimes it just needs to be said very very directly and i and i just wanted you to know how much i appreciate all of you. Anyway. So let me see here please teach me the name amnesia okay. I can't really teach that over the internet um i'll see if i can find some videos one of the ways that you can do it is by eliciting places in the mind where they naturally forget things and moving moving the thing you want them to forget shrinking it down and moving it into that spot where they forget stuff and they can no.

Longer see it and you'll be able to uh suggest for it the other way to do it is the classical way which is you you do a four magic bullets induction you deepen you deep and you deep and you test for phenomena analgesia arm catalepsy uh good smells bad smells and. Then you ask them to start uh losing their name right. Uh jerry kind had a really a really cool video way back in the day that kind of teaches people how to prompt people to lose their names it's not it's not as easy a phenomenon to get um. But you have to layer through it because most people there there will be a small percentage maybe three out of ten that you can just get them to lose their name instantly because that's about the ratio of what we call natural subname list which is really a misnomer um everybody can become some nandalistic everybody is subnamabilistic it's just how how readily they go there right.

Um. But usually you have to build up you have to let layer phenomena. So you may need to start with um analgesia armed catalepsy hand stick good smell bad smell temperature and. Then have them lose their names okay.

Cynthia says i'm good we're just happy to see you as well oswent the piper do you know anything about music on the subconscious can you ask me a more specific question uh roland s escamarosa the sphere of influence how to project good feelings from across the room like your friend in vegas story okay. To do that really really well it helps to have the the state control training that we do in killer influence in cpi do you have you have you seen those do you have access to those if not check out the um emotional super powers video here on youtube it's a very popular video it's one of the most recent ones that'll give you all the foundations and i think i even talk about a sphere of influence uh in that video if not it will give you the principles behind it uh let's see here okay. So alana's asking about tequila she must have heard my shots comment by the way just. So you know i am i am simulcasting from zoom.

So there is a slight delay between when i read your question i answer it and it shows up in your video feed. But if i answer if you ask something in the chat and i type it in the chat that's in real time. So it may seem like i'm doing two things at once or not answering you. But key if i don't if i miss your question because stuff's flying by really quick for me here uh just keep asking the question and if i still miss it by the time we log off.

Then just type it in the chat and i promise you i will go back and answer it um let's see here ron says yes. David's teachings have changed and is continuing to change my life. But i still want to learn more that's kind of how it works you know it's like it's like you crust that hill and as soon as you hit the the peak of that hill you see the. Next hill on the horizon it's like for every level of achievement you attain it's like you want more right.

And i'm that way too that's why you're you know like seth who's been on you know with us forever he keeps coming back because i'm never happy i'm never satisfied i mean i achieve a certain level i solve a certain problem and. Then i see what's beyond it and i want to go even further that's why i'm never going to stop for as long as i've got a heartbeat and breath i'm going to continue to research and explore and test and if i find something that fixes a problem for me at the level that i want i'm going to share if people want to learn it right. Um winrich von niprod i hope i pronounced that right. How do i use energetic techniques to change the taste of alcohol oh great question i'll tell you who you should research on that there's a guy by the name of jerry allen johnson he's a daoist um sorcery or well he's just yeah he's a dallas wizard basically dallas wizard slash shaman and he actually has an intermediate level course from his medical qigong series and part of the test that the medical qigong practitioners had to go through is they had to be able to physically use their energy to change to remove the alcohol content from wine.

So he's a good he's a good source. First there's a bit of training that goes with that now the other way to change the taste of alcohol is hypnotically you can using hypnosis you can make an apple taste like an onion or an onion taste like an apple right. So you can change you know using regular classical hypnosis you can change the taste of just about anything. But if you're looking for an energetic way to do it you know short of changing water into wine like jesus did which i don't think you ever taught that secret uh image cycling could probably do it i've never tested that.

But uh jerry allen johnson actually has a methodology for learning how to do that um hypnotically speaking you can hypnotize anybody and make them you can get them drunk on water right. So a lot of things you can do if you're a good hypnotist right. Let's see here i saw a question about who is jeff ross i think i know who you're talking about. But um uh i don't want to i don't want to i don't want to make a guess and be wrong.

So can you explain a little bit about who he is and what he does and why he seems legit to you osman says can you explain how to completely reprogram your mind and forget things yes. I can um the problem is and it's not a problem per se it's important to understand that one of the worst approaches to getting over stuff is to erase it why is that it's because many times there are other things connected to those memories that we may lose if we nuke the memory now now back in the day back in the hypnos you know early days hypnosis that was actually some people's way of dealing with [ __ ] they would actually go in create amnesia for a traumatic event and they'd be done right. Um best thing to do is to dissolve delete the emotional charge surrounding an event and. Then reframe it.

So that when they look. Back on it the the memory is completely flat there's no. Emotion to it there's no. Affect to it at all and and.

Then amnesia or for or forgetting it or erasing it is no. Longer relevant you can also take the the the spatial location of your proprioceptive nervous system about where it's coded that experience move it into the posterior hemisphere of the body and it'll lose its charge. So there's lots of ways to do those things um classical hypnosis you would you would induce you would deepen you would deepen you would stack phenomena you know like i did with what i was talking about with people who want to do amnesia right. And.

Then you would just suggest that you put it in a container and you put it somewhere where it can't be accessed anymore and that will help you to dissolve it and delete it right. There's lots of different ways that you can you can achieve a similar thing i just don't recommend it because you don't know what's attached to those memories and if you nuke a particular memory you may nuke something good that came about as a result of it and lose that. So i'm not a big fan of just nuking memories reframing them reprocessing them restructuring them recoding them big fan of that right. Not a big fan of nuking memories right.

Let's see here. So nolan's asking do binaural beats facilitate access to the subconscious mind during trans yes. They will enhance or accelerate any any process that you're using to um to access the subconscious mind osmond says i'm sorry man gotta run quick i'll watch back through okay. We'll come back when you can awesome bernardini says how do you naturally go into a state of confidence in being seductive without putting myself into trance you can't become confident without going into trance and i'll tell you why all emotional states all emotional states are trans states period human beings are trans machines the our our experience of life is just transitioning from one trance to another.

So when we talk about being confident the fastest way to pop into a state of confidence is to change your posture change your breathing okay. That's it if you assume a confident posture within two minutes sometimes faster you will start to dissolve whatever fears or ambitions or anxieties that you have you will move and act more congruently confident than ever before okay. Uh confidence for me is kind of a it's a smoke and mirrors act um the self-help community sells confidence a lot functionally what people are saying when they say i want to have more confidence what they're functionally saying is i want to be less afraid i want to stop being afraid and. So if you just target the things that make you afraid and nuke those.

So that they no. Longer have that supercharge connected to them and. Then you apply the physiology drills that i'm teaching you talking about you're going to find yourself being more confident as a natural byproduct of of the alleviation of fear okay. Because asking for more i i know some of the most confident [ __ ] in the world you ask them what they need more they'll say confidence it's a it's a treadmill it's a it's a it's a hamster wheel what you want is less fear and more curiosity more playfulness okay.

Hope that helps um deborah wilson don't know if this relates. But why do conspiracy theories work. So well they work. So well because they feed into uh a that there's an enemy out there that is responsible for all the things that are [ __ ] up in our life regardless of what level um you're working at there's a part of us that wants to shirk responsibility and i'm not pointing any fingers in anybody this is uh this is a natural human phenomena there's a there's a part of us that wants to believe somebody's pushing the button some there's an enemy out there that we can't see that's orchestrating um things that don't have our best interests at heart now who am i to say there isn't right.

But one of the reasons that this takes hold in us. So strongly is because we are animals who learned to look. Who learned to think and speak and work in a community where sometimes people were were real protectors sometimes people were predators in sheep's clothing right. And we know this right.

And a lot of these ideas are deliberately deliberately injected into the poppy into the pot the psyche of the population because it makes you more manipulatable the moment and and probably the. Last two or three years the. Last six years really you've seen an escalation in the in the venom and this and the mud slinging and the fear-mongering between one side of the political arena and the left right. And all of it has been an attempt to hijack your amygdala to get you to to over stimulate that amygdala the part of you that controls fear shuts off your ability to think rationally and.

So you become hyper-suggestible in a negative way right. We are as a race as a species we are far more susceptible to negative thought influences than we are we are positive influences it's because it's a it gets the neurology to do something when you sense a threat when you sense danger your neurology goes on alert and you take an action whereas when people are happy joyful comfortable they tend to bask in that feeling and they tend to slow down if not completely stop. So they can enjoy that those sensations. So the universe and her infinite wisdom built into us this mechanism that makes the bad things way worse than they are and the good things can be as good as they should be or as good as they they appear to be or sometimes a little less right.

I'm extrapolating on that piece. But i know i know for a fact that our neurology weights the bad [ __ ] to be worse in our in our experience or in our perception than it actually is okay. Uh let's see. So i hope that kind of and that took.

Us in a different question xero says hello everyone how's everyone tonight. So nolan's asking can lighting a candle before setting an intent and releasing it accelerate the process of manifesting really depends on your belief system you know are you doing a ritual is it just a habit that you've created a lot of it uh it can work uh have i tested it no. I don't i don't do candle rituals like that anymore i don't need to uh and that's kind of a cool thing right. Sushi desperado says let's say there's another person doing nlp on someone to turn them against you and be favorable to them how do you counter it report state control reframing report state control reframing criterion values those are going to be your big threes right.

The other piece is going to be leading the person that is the target of that influence to discover the bad things about the person who's speaking to them okay. So you have to engineer that a little bit. But the the the real secret is going to be state control rapport and um what was the. Last thing i said reframing.

So um look. Into sleight of mouth patterns or conversational belief change as a way to counteract some of that um hannah says brilliant and reasonable insights into conspiracy theorism i just i channel it it comes through me and right. Uh let their guard down our own positivity thank you for that answer you're welcome um kw asks when a person can't remember or imagine feelings from the past for instance safely how do we talk to the subject to feel something and to add high intensity of it well. First of all there's a real quick workaround that preserves the if they can't feel something it's not that they can't feel something it's that they're feeling something that the unconscious mind is deliberately screening out let me give you an example from science um some researchers were testing the effects of hypnotic what they call positive and negative hallucination now for those of you who don't know anything about positive and negative hallucination a positive hallucination is seeing something that isn't there now whether before you go thinking that a positive hallucination is really hard to get i'm going to ask you a question answer with your.

First impression what color is the flower that i'm holding and type it in the chat. First thing that pops into your head right. The corollary to a positive emotion is known as a negative emotion now positive motion is seeing something that isn't there right. A negative emotion is not seeing something that is there right.

So bernie secretary pink right. How the hell did you know because your your unconscious mind created an image and you gave it a color right. Red right. See that yeah there's about a 15 to 30.

Second lag between when i speak and when it shows up. So awesome. So what i'm talking about now in terms of that feeling or that not that not feeling that we were talking about is a negative hallucination you see when hypnotic researchers hook. People up to machines and induced a negative hallucination and for those who wonder what a negative hallucination is if you've ever lost your keys right.

In front of you right. If you've ever walked in you know i think that's probably the best one if you've ever lost something right. In front of you you just experienced a negative hallucination right. Now here's the interesting piece from a brain anatomy perspective about negative hallucinations when people hooked up were hooked up to the the brain scanners what they discovered what they discovered was that in the hypnotically induced negative hallucination than not seeing something the parts of the brain that were active when somebody was seeing something were still present in other words they were seeing it.

But another part of the brain was activated that isn't normally activated that was actually covering it up and filling in the blanks it's kind of like that blind spot you have right. Here right. Your brain is always filling in details. So it can it can omit details because your neurology is always predicting what's going to come.

Next before it actually gets there. So when people are having a trauma that they can't feel it's not that they're not feeling it there's a part of their body that is feeling it and there's another part of them that's covering it up you guys following me. So far. So the way you work around that is while preserving that because remember there's a reason that that that that defense mechanism is there.

But you still need to access the feelings now if this were a direct hypnotic intervention i would just blow through it with bazookas and dynamite hypnotically speaking. But in terms of the things i teach here on youtube if you're not a therapist or trained in regression or anything like that here's a very simple way to access the body feeling just tell the person well that's fine just pretend you knew exactly where it was and point to where it would be and no. Point the same part of the brain that pretends is the same part of the brain that manufactures those shields and those feelings. So the moment you have the brain pretend to do something it feels safe to generate the information because the it's not in danger from his perspective does that make sense if you got that just type that in the chat because it's a good question it's a really good one see here uh let's see.

So um i was looking away thinking green yet saw pink in my mind by the way i was. First to comment it cool excellent bernerdini says how can you use metaphors to influence and seduce someone you tell stories that demonstrate higher value that prime them to behave and think along certain lines and. Then you link it all to you that's that's how it works right. Uh let's see here let's see nolan says what's an effective way to bring to the surf to surface the beliefs we don't know we that we have stems technique stems technique and magic frame are probably the best two approaches other than regression to unlocking the beliefs you didn't know about gray room is a way a good way of dealing with it.

But you don't always know consciously what it is you're dealing with nlp would use the meta model they would start asking you question after question after question that forces you uh to really pick apart your map of the world it's a painful process and can often cause people to get really pissed off which is why it's not at the top of my loop it's if it's effective it just takes longer um and it's not and it's it's taxing. So i it's not my favorite club approach to take god for says can you explain why following your gut works there's two there's there's two divisions of our neurology that psychologists will call system one and system two or the fast system or the slow system the fast system works on a a heuristic process in other words it it takes big chunks of data makes a conclusion pre-consciously and. Then sends it to the and it acts on it and. Then sends the information to your conscious mind because we've had.

So many pre uh primary experiences and we have such a deep rich instinctive knowledge bank um we're often able to make really good decisions very very quickly because our neurology is able to sort that into things that have happened to us before the problem of course happens is when the devil's in the details and that's what system two which is a much slower system which is the part of you that rationalizes analyzes and judges takes over and it's it's and you need system one because if you didn't if we didn't have system one we never would have evolved to get system two. But they have to work together all right. Um there's a process out there called um mbrain technology which involves the the cognitive brain the cardiac brain and the gut brain and they all have different areas of influence and ideally you want harmony between all three brains to make the best decision possible. So just google mbrain technology and i think you'll you'll have a really good way to start to integrate and understand gut responses versus heart responses versus cerebral responses um let's see tazia says well a.

Second you're welcome nolan uh tazia says it's true especially if someone doesn't respond to your text you create a whole story about why they didn't yes. Every single thing that human beings do in terms of our thoughts is delivered in has two components to it it has a cause and effect component and a meaning component. So something happens that causes something else we in our mind and we assign a meaning that structure is the underlying structure of all narratives all stories are built off cause effect meaning cause effect meaning cause effect meaning everything else is window dressing and it in story i talked about this in the webinar yesterday story and metaphor have controlled the course of human history from the time we crawled out of the ocean okay. It is one of the most powerful phenomena in our lives and if you can truly ma if you truly want to master influence master the art of storytelling and narrative influence um we have courses on it of course.

But you know there's other people doing similar thing well i don't know if they're similar um i'm a little biased. But if those of you who've had the courses want to talk about it on the chat or or give people your experiences you're more than welcome to do that i don't want to give you guys a sales pitch um especially after yesterday's webinar if you haven't watched it yet go watch it i talk in depth about um our influence courses and our our influence track uh. So if you want to be more influential charismatic things of that nature i invite you to check that out uh see easiest way to program the subconscious mind is hypnosis period not nlp not hmr hypnosis right. Now i do a very integrative approach i bring in nlp i bring in the hypnosis.

But the bottom line anything that's the the most direct route to reprogram in this subconscious mind is hypnotically you just go in you you dissolve you neutralize the filters you you take out what you don't want put in what you want and you just reinforce the living daylights out of it and that fastest way to create powerful change in the subconscious mind easy easily okay. Uh hold on things keep jumping here i apologize. So milos is asking milos martinovic says is it possible to do regression on ourselves and if it is how would you recommend to do it it is very possible to do regression on yourself it is extremely hard to do regression on yourself not that it's it's not that the steps are any different it's that it's very very difficult to be the driver and the passenger at the same time and in order to guide yourself through the process there's a you have to literally split your consciousness. So that there's a part of you that's guiding the process and a part of you that's undergoing it which is uh a heart the the the best form of regression self-regression to do is actually hmr holographic memory resolution holder holographic memory theory as we call it in planet david and that's very very powerful form of regression that doesn't have to rely on a lot of the hypnotic the deeply hypnotic bells and whistles that you might get in a classical regression class.

So for information on that approach i recommend if you're not going to take our classes uh go research brent baum's book. On a holographic memory resolution called surviving trauma school earth best place to start okay. Otherwise come to our classes or reach out to one of our trainers or one of our therapists um ron pagulian says are there different variations of the echo technique ron can you can you kind of elaborate on that question a little bit because i'm not sure exactly what you're asking there's a couple ways i could answer that um a says david what's the best way to write an old belief and replace it with desired belief hypnosis again there's another way to do it um in nlp where you take one belief you look. At the the building blocks of that belief you take a belief that is either a is is less and you look.

At the structure of that and you change the structure of the bad belief to the structure of the [ __ ] belief or the weak belief and. Then you move it into that area and if you do that structurally with the somatic bridging and everything else it will dramatically weaken the negative belief. Then you take a belief that you want and you elicit the structure you take a belief that's super strong and you look. At you compare them and look.

At how they're structurally built in terms of visual auditory kinesthetical factoring gustatory distinctions and you make the belief you want more of match the stup the the structural components of the super strong belief you shrink it down you move it into that area you expand it and the belief will lock in in most cases okay. That's a that's a very summarized way to do it. But at the end of the day beliefs have a structure that structure is a code that is used by your autonomic nervous system to play the experience much like the the formatting on a dvd or a um on a movie that you might buy is encoded in that medium and when you change the code you change how the movie is played right. You can take you can go to your video editor pull load a movie into your video editor and you can watch it as it was originally mastered.

But you could also go into that video deck and you could make it black and white right. Without changing the content you could delete the soundtrack and add a completely different soundtrack without significantly changing the visuals right. Each of those pieces the visual the auditory the kinesthetical factory the gustatory they have smaller distinctions within them that tell the neurology that behave that that and that behave like computer commands in the autonomic nervous system that tell the neurology how to express that information and when you change that code you the player doesn't care in other words the neurology doesn't care what dvd is in the player all it cares about is that it's written in a code that the dvd player can understand. So if i take a belief that i want and i link it to the body feelings that i have right.

Now i'm going to ask okay. What what are the visual aspects of this what are the auditory aspects of this what are the smelling and the tasting and the feeling aspects of this and i'm going to inventory that and. Then i'm going to bring up a belief that i either want more of or i want less of i'm going to come and i'm going to do the exact same thing and i'm going to compare them and i'm going to look. At where they're different and if the belief that if this belief is something i want more of i'm going to make the elements of this belief match the elements of this belief i'm going to shrink it down i'm going to move it over to that spot and i'm going to expand it and more often than not your neurology will automatically recode that belief the way you want it and you do the exact opposite for a belief you want to get rid of there's a belief that's really strong that's negative there's a belief over here that is either very very weak or something that is complete that you absolutely know in your heart is believe complete and utter [ __ ] or nonsense you do the exact same thing you inventory the beliefs of the negative you compare you inventory the beliefs of the [ __ ] you inventory them and compare them you change this to match this you shrink it down you move it into that spot and you expand and actually i would leave it small there.

But you could also expand it okay. That's a very simple way to ex to explain a very if you were going through classical and very and uh traditional nlp a very complicated and arduous process to do. But as a hypnotist we can just take the big swipes and get a very powerful uh response very very quickly. But that's actually one of the better ways to to change a belief from a structural level the other way is to regress to cause either through holographic memory theory or classical regression and change the issues at the source and the beliefs will change spontaneously okay.

Okay. Let's see here um thinking fast and slow grant susan okay. A lot of good stuff in the chat here what face reading with faith dana king is asking with face reading what does wrinkles on the forehead mean my daughter has 20 that is 21 has more than i do at 46. what it means is that there's a lot be very be very conscious of this um a lot of the lines like 15 to 30 is right. Here.

So if there's a lot of lines 21 is right. Around this area right. Here if there's a lot of lines down here um be very mindful of the decisions she makes in the future um i was taught the lines that go across the forehead indicate life lessons that have we've completed or are in the process of if the line only goes part way across it means you haven't finished that lesson yet if the line goes all the way across it means you you got something from it right. You went through some [ __ ] you came out on the other side life is good there's another aspect to face reading which is more woo-woo um and it has a predictive aspect to it right.

So whether you want to embrace that or not is up to you. But if she's 21 and we know that 15 to 30 is here on the face for most people and she's got wrinkles that are below the 21 year old threshold it would probably be a good idea for her to start unpacking those wrinkles and what's behind them because they can generally indicate uh troubled waters to head there's some [ __ ] she's going to be going through that the the encoding in your neurology and the in the hologram that is the human face and nervous system is predicting is heading your way. So um yeah. So that that's what it means basically if the lines go across they're completed if they don't go across they're still in process if they're if they're bisecting the head at ages they haven't reached yet it can be something that's waiting for you when you get there okay.

So i hope that helps um cobra viper 11 says i have a female friend that is 36 and has never kissed anyone or done anything sexual she has high testosterone and i think she is a lesbian although she denies it is there any way to help her well my. First question is does she want help does she think she has a problem right. Just because you think somebody has a problem doesn't mean they do right. If a person hasn't asked you directly for help don't offer it okay.

Because you know they say no. Good deed goes unpunished more true than not my my uh one of my mentors in the energy healing world a guy by the name of bill bankston the guy who created image cycling or the version i learned. Anyway he actually stopped stopped working on people because the rats he was working with were actually more grateful for the healings they got than the people he worked on right. So be very careful about you know in spite of your best intentions many people will interpret your attempt to help them as a form of unwanted influence and i talked about this at length on yesterday's webinar about resistance removal formula doesn't matter what your intention is if the person that you're seeking to help views your your attempted influence as interfering with their personal choice they will fight you even if it's the best thing since sliced bread for them they will fight you tooth and nail okay.

So just be aware of that most people will not thank you for kicking over their idols or destroying their belief systems okay. Just understand that nolan says you mentioned that men that have a deep voice get more one-night stands why is that i don't know uh that's what the science says i could speculate uh dominant voices tend to be more authoritative they tend to radiate more alpha and more presence and authority and that tends to be very attractive to most women it signals alphanus right. [Music] see here ignacio julian says in an older person is there a way to slow the loss of their memory yes. Uh have more fun move a lot more and experience more joy clean up your [ __ ] because most people who are losing their memory it's because they're not doing anything interesting or exciting their brains aren't engaged they're not moving your brain was evolved for movement okay.

There's a space there's a particular species of c i think it's a sea anemone or some variant of it it's it's it's born it has a brain and it keeps moving around until it finds the place that it wants to take root it takes root there and promptly eats its own brain right. If you could design the worst environment for a human being to learn in it would be one where you sit in one position all day you look. At a screen you listen to somebody talk and you take notes does this sound familiar okay. Human beings are kinesthetic learners they actually have a much better spatial memory than they do any other type of memory and.

So anytime you can engage that spatial memory in the learning process as well as dynamic activity emotional dynamism vivid imagery you are going to learn to retain things faster another way that you can begin to do it is by building new neurological connections by engaging in things like metaphor um meditation creative visualization um there's a process that was created by wooden wenger not. So long about 10 or 15 years ago called uh i think it's called image streaming uh if you reference wenger's book. I think it's called the einstein factor great process for generating creativity and insight and this will help you again create what we call neuroplasticity people who tend to lose memory lose memory because their brains are becoming less plastic not more plastic okay. And we have different kinds of intelligence.

So we want to make sure that we're we're working in the areas where we that emphasize the type of intelligence that we want to develop okay. So uh hold on a. Second there's roy hey roy good to see you brother um god force have you heard of dolores cannon's hypnosis yes. I have yes.

I have i heard a lot of good things about it do i have a simple method to remember people's words and echo technique yes. Remember just repeat their words back verbatim it's literally it's literally the easiest way to do it okay. It starts actually if you really want to remember things better practice being intensely curious about everything people say take on a physiology and a posture and a breathing like you're listening to the most fascinating person on the planet and you will automatically remember their stuff better get take get use your state control to enhance your memory okay. Ron says are there other ways to do the echo technique meaning besides echoing no.

There's lots of ways to camouflage the echo technique which is what i think you're actually asking there's about six or seven ways to do that i actually did a video on that. Last month or a month before i think it was i think it was a mastermind i i think ron you're in our you're in our plot our diamond or platinum mastermind aren't you is that the swish technique that tony robbins does no. But the swish technique utilizes the same system as the switch as what i'm doing yeah i'm not a big fan of switch techniques by the way just just for the record um especially if you're not kinesthetically bridging people can do switch techniques where you take a picture here and it's like a picture in a picture and this picture is what you don't want this picture is what you do want you just switch them back and forth until this causes this right. And the problem with classical nlp in the way it teaches the swish technique is that it's done primarily as a visual hallucination construct no.

Real lock-in to the physical body. So sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't the thing i've seen in terms of change work is that if the kinesthetics aren't hooked in deeply to the process you don't get the same degree of change and it's as simple as fix as pointing to where you feel it reaching out and touching it that's all it really takes and now you've magnified by it by exponentially or geometrically the aspects of the neurology that are creating on-ramps to that issue and creating synergy between all the different divisions of the nervous system right. Sometimes simple things make all the difference right. But i've seen people run swish patterns completely devoid of any kinesthetic connections whatsoever and they don't work they don't work because the end of the day you're a slave to your kinesthetics.

So if you're not creating and the ideally the swish pattern or the belief change construct or the color the magic frame techniques they serve as a control panel to direct the body's internal kinesthetics and if you don't make that connection sometimes it doesn't manifest the way you want it to or it goes away and comes back. So i'm not interested in a uh slow change or change that's not perfect. So i link all these things in by the way here's i'm sorry i didn't tap button there there's that image streaming tech book. Okay.

Here kw is asking how can we tell if a person learned their life lesson after 30 years old since since the forehead is only until 30 years old is it does it go all the way across if the if the wrinkle is not all the way across they probably haven't finished processing that out yet okay. Um that's probably the fastest way to do it now what's interesting is if you really go back and resolve those issues those lines tend to disappear or fade significantly it's bizarre it's like jedi [ __ ] um and i i did not believe it when lily and my teacher lillian bridges. First told me that and. Then i saw it happen and i was like holy [ __ ] right.

Um and i i get that respect even after doing this stuff for 15 20 years i look. At like when somebody spins something away and their [ __ ] just disappears like it was never there and i look. At that and i go that shouldn't work that's that just shouldn't work i know it works i know how it works i have a theory about why it works and it's consistently works. But there's a part of me that came up through this whole you know self-help and indoctrination that change is hard and that it's slow and that it has to be multi-stepped and all this stuff and.

Then i watch them take something out they've had for 20 years spin it goes away it never comes back you know 90. Second intervention and they're done boom right. It and it creates a little bit of cognitive dissonance even after all these years. But you don't have the best part is you don't have to believe it which also goes against the uh the old the old adages that were taught that you have to believe you can change before you can change no.

No. You just have to want to change and that sometimes is the problem is we don't want to change bad enough right. And the other part of that is nobody's ever shown us how to do it that's my belief you can accept it or not uh christian de leon says i'm trying to find an nlp or any mental technique to drastically change my results in jiu-jitsu to hyper-learn techniques and be a world champion okay. Here's what you do you put yourself in tr you.

First of all you find the people who are the top performers in their field like the absolute best jiu-jitsu guys and you if you have videos of them demonstrating not fighting. But demonstrating technique well you take those videos you turn them into clips you put them on an endless loop you put yourself into trans and you watch that video over and over and over again like it's your favorite movie of all time we all have a movie that we've seen 20 30 40 times never gets old come on in say hi my little my little one wants to say hi this is sophia say hi hi hi. So you watch that movie over and over again like it's your favorite movie of all time now what will happen don't try to learn the technique from the video this is the secret you don't try to learn the technique you watch it for entertainment value right. And what you'll notice is after a certain number of reps and it's different for everyone what you'll notice is after a certain number of reps when the guy in the video moves your body will start to approximate those movements right.

It's weird right. Um and when that starts to happen that's a signal that you've stimulated your mirror neurons to the point where it's actually copying and imprinting what it's seeing now if you go to the gym best thing to do right. After that by the way is take a nap believe it or not take a nap and. Then.

Next time you get a chance go to the gym or go to the dojo and practice those techniques be as if you were that person and i think you'll you will um see a significant difference in your ability to perform the technique okay. Um back in the 90s when i was running my school in coral springs florida uh my students had a nickname for me they called me the video sensei because i unfortunately for me at that time there was a martial arts supply store this is before blockbuster went out of business they they went to all the martial arts supply houses and they bought all the different martial arts instructional videos that they could find and they started acting like a martial arts blockbuster they would literally i could go there and rent like 20 videos for like a buck each and i would go home and i would create my archive and i would find the videos that had the skill sets that i and i would because i i i stumbled upon this algorithm by accident i had no. Idea what i was doing consciously at the time and i would watch the video over and over and over and over again and i would fall asleep watching it i'd watch it again and again and about that time i started my school and i would be primed with this energy and this template from my from watching these videos i'll go into my dojo and i would start teaching what i learned on the video and i would be doing it just like the guys on the video and it really cemented in the the template of the person i was seeking to emulate now um what's important about that is that i taught my unconscious mind how to do something i gave it a rich resource that it could copy and mirror the. Second piece was expressing that template was giving myself the opportunity to recall it and step into it that's the secret that locks that whole process in if you're getting those those uh unconscious body movements or idiogrammatic movements the information's there it's latent it's potential in you now you have to express it.

So that it you have a way to express that art and integrate it into the rest of your system. So you have it on demand right. And uh for a long time i was i became really good at a lot of stuff really quick and i felt a part of me felt like i was cheating because i wasn't having to work as hard as some people who were training eight six seven hours a day because i because again the science is there you know just visualizing a technique gives you 80 of the effect of someone who trained with no. Mental training eight ten hours a day that these these studies have been around for decades i just took.

It a step further okay. Um. So you can and by the way i didn't just do this with martial arts i also did this with my conversational language hypnosis and languaging skills as well i would watch videos and audit and listen to audios over and over and over again until i could repeat exactly was going to come out i mean verbatim and it just created a very powerful template that i started to draw on in various contexts that allowed me to integrate that skill and express it as david rather than a carbon copy of the person. But you got to start somewhere now here's the thing don't watch videos of yourself screwing up don't watch videos of people who have less skills than you alright.

You only want people who are the standard that demonstrate the highest levels of skill right. So the people that i modeled in my back. Then uh benny aquides paul vunak danny in asano. Um who else i mean remy prasas dwali jay uh george dillman was a big influence on me uh kevin succor vladimir vasilyev um burton richardson um these were the people these were my avatars these were the people whose resources i i integrated and.

Then i took. That there was a bunch more. But those are the ones that come off the top of my head. So john lotsuret was another great great great uh resource for me as well.

But that's that's my technique for using your mirror neurons and developing that mirror neuron capacity and. Then going into the dojo and and using it to fight better or perform better. So i hope that helps you [Music] um nolan is asking david have you heard of a program ed wong says with a dad like dr david that little girl will conquer the world that's what i'm afraid of she terrifies me because when she looks at you you can see in her eyes. She's looking into your soul and looking for the buttons to push.

But she's an amazing little kid and i'm honored to have her as myself my daughter. So um. So the grand fire expert is asking have you ever the mind control language patterns by dante the italian jones no. But i know him he actually used to be an affiliate for some of my programs um yeah he's got some good stuff he's got some really good stuff we we actually have we actually come from the same sources uh a lot of we have very similar routes uh let's see repetition repetition action action repeat yeah david have you heard of a program called the neurophysiology of self-discipline or neuropsychology no.

I haven't. But i'm gonna have to add it to my ever-growing reading list now thank you hit the hit the thumb up button this is f this is on fire excellent ama has asked me anything yes. Okay. Did i get everybody did i get everybody's questions or did we lose is everybody with me here let me just make sure that i didn't lose anybody okay.

Nolan's asking what three courses do you recommend to anyone who purchases all your content what three courses uh can you can you re-ask that question joseph because i'm what three top three books really it depends on what your focus is um if your focus is influence and persuasion some of the best books to start with i think um forbidden keys to persuasion by blair warren um i think never split the difference is a great book. As well by chris voss pitch anything is good uh if you're interested in love attraction and romance i would look. At love trances i would look. At mystery method i would look.

At under well this one's for women i would look. At undercover sex signals by lyle lounders um [Music] if you're looking at therapeutic stuff i would probably go with a hypnotherapy by dave ellman i would look. At holographic memory resolution by brent baum and i would look. At um the body keeps the score by um basal vendor called in terms of vibrational influence i don't have some um well everything i do pulls from hermetics.

So i would start with um initiation aromatics by franz barton and just work with those okay. Let's see. So david i called stephanie today we rosa and witsel need to talk to acp origins well thank you for that i'm i just like to think i think of myself as a guy in a vest you know who who learned this who learned some stuff that kind of worked right. Uh elaine kasia is asking about can you talk about trauma resolution ellen my my middle daughter's name my my 11 year old's name is kasia.

So let's see here seth where is the gold no. Okay. Jeff smith no. Grandma how do i apply language patterns and long descriptions without sounding weird easily you know here's the thing about language patterns is that nobody knows how to use them very few people know how to use them well the challenge with language patterns is not all language patterns are created equal there are language patterns that are directly related to such fundamental building blocks of our internal and external experience that we cannot communicate without using them because we cannot communicate without using them we cannot think without using them okay.

Then there are other language patterns that are far more sexy they work. But they take more verbal agility to deploy and use they have to be set up better contextually and. Then there's ones that are just. So niche.

So specialized that they're just not practical for most people and the problem is most people don't know which language patterns are which because nobody tells you part of a good chunk of my career has been figuring out you know what are the top tier language patterns what are the support language patterns what are the ones that you only use in special occasions what are the ones that you should never use or avoid right. And that's how we've organized our cpi language systems our killer influence programs even though they start they both start with language and. Then go in different directions. So if you want to go deeper and deeper into powerful effective non-weird confusing creepy sounding hypnotic language follow the cpi model all right.

You'll be unstoppable and you'll never sound vague creepy or confusing you'll never seem long-winded and even when you are long-winded people will just be going awesome and that's a good thing right. So i hope that that helps you um how can i read minds better a control your state get rapport be open to the things that pop up trust the six dynamics of an unconscious response and read faces and i think you'll find that you become quite the mind reader. But that's the process that you would use literally now i'm naming i'm naming phases of a process now. So it's presupposing you know what those are if you don't know what they are you need to go learn them right.

Or find ways to get that those trainings for yourself um rick t is asking what do you think of trtp healing i don't know what that is if you can explain it i might be able to give you more of an opinion elena says can i talk about trauma resolution i think i have been here and there haven't i not what specifically ellen do you want to know about trauma resolution right. How can i help you with that um susan says. So if you have if. So if you swish you have to build a somatic bridge classical nlp says no.

You don't i say yes. You do if you want to make sure it works. Then do a somatic bridge if you want to roll the dice. Then you can leave it out a lot of people are very successful with not using a somatic bridge somatic bridge is something that's actually more specific to our approach to neuro linguistics than most other people's approach a lot of people have started to adopt it like i was on clubhouse i just started being called those.

Last three weeks and the number of 22 year old hypnotists on clubhouse was shocking what was even more shocking was how many of them credited me is where they started now if i didn't feel old before i got to clubhouse i sure as [ __ ] feel old now um. But what was really cool about it though was how good they were for 22 years i was nowhere near that good at 22. nowhere near as good. So to see to see that level of skill that early and knowing and at least being told that i had a partner is is it it's a very weird feeling you know um. But the one that comes up most i feel [ __ ] old.

So um i gotta find a way to to get the gray out of my beard they're herbs for that. But i haven't finished i haven't been taking enough apparently. So uh sorry for the ramble. But um i forget where i was going with that um kw says i've listened to your guided self-hypnosis from the.

Last anime each time i imagine a safe place sometimes the colors change yes. I'm anchoring all these colors on the top of each other is it correct yes. Now here's a fun factoid for you i would like you to discover this on your own. But i'm going to have to i'm going to have to do a little differently i want you to think back to each and every time you did your safe color and it was different and i want you to remember what you were wearing each time you did it and how many times the colors the color you were wearing matched your safe color type it in the chat.

So nolan's saying best way to master your cpi course or any course is to watch yes. Yeah um well that's part of the process the other part is you got to go out and and use the skills if you're just putting more and more repetitions in it's like putting nickels in a slot machine. But never pulling the lever right. You've got to you've got to express those skills you've got to do the skills otherwise it's just it's just dormant information it's not you're not going to build a recall pathway that's necessary which is again one of my biggest my biggest issues with people who say well don't worry about getting it consciously i'm going to teach you unconsciously when i feel people say that the.

First thing that pops through my head is horse [ __ ] just like you need two ends of the propulsion system you need a towards an away from you need two aspects to learn you need the subconscious priming and the conscious recollection if something enters your conscious mind without passing through the aperture of the if something enters your unconscious mind without passing through the aperture of the conscious mind you don't have a recall pathway for it. So the information goes in. But you can't get it out and when you do express it you don't realize you've done it big problem a lot of people go in learn spend a lot of money to learn a lot of really cool information and they're told they're going to get it unconsciously when in fact the instructor just sucks or the person is relying. So heavily on unconscious installation that they forget that it has to come out to complete that process and they don't do that.

So the person comes out thinking i got all this great information how do i use it i can't use it i don't know how to use it. But it was awesome right. If you've ever had that experience you were probably the victim of unconscious unconscious learning right. Hold on a.

Second i got a wife just came home sorry about that i was trying to hang out. So. Anyway uh let me look. At what uh bria says oh my god i just thought about purple i just thought purple and realized i'm wearing purple yep about 51 of the time or better the safe color the resolution color as we call it is the one they're wearing okay.

Part of you at the start of your day knows what you need on a frequency level and that's why many times you pick the clothes you pick okay. Again i usually people just i usually actually point this out to the class while i'm working with somebody on color breathing to show them how often it correlates. But if you've changed colors multiple times if you can remember what you were wearing at those times i'm going to bet there's a high correlation between the colors you were wearing and the color you chose your unconscious mind shows is a safe color bernardini says i somehow manifested five thousand dollars with the whole wall street best thing oh how about that yeah nolan you have to practice or there's no. Point right.

It's you anything you get without practice is what we call in the dating and seduction world fool's mate you got lucky right. You don't want luck you want skill you want to be able to flip a switch and have that [ __ ] roll out the only way you're going to do it is to actually practice that's why we have the mastermind that's why we have the diamond level here on our youtube channel. So you have an opportunity to roll your sleeves up get around a bunch of people who have [ __ ] they want to work on and get the skill sets now you know this you've been to our live events i don't have to tell you this there's no. I can shorten the curve i can show you what to do.

But i can't do it for you i can't do the reps for you i can get close. But you've still gotta you gotta pony up the effort right. That's that. Second payment see here yeah well if you've met my wife you know why i was running right.

Uh brick t how to get violent when you don't want as in defending verbally or physically there's a process we teach called the predator prey switch this comes easier to wood types and metal types in terms of energetics and personality than most other types. But basically if you want to get if you want to develop that switch you have to think like a mama bear protecting your cubs because most people especially and again i'm not trying to be racist or sexist or anything like this. But most women are especially classic you know women my age are brought up in a culture where it's not a lady like to fight back it's not ladylike to say no. It's not ladylike to stand up for yourself and.

So when it comes to protecting themselves they will tend to yield their boundaries. But if something threatens their child they will go ape [ __ ] they will become a rabid badger on ben's dream to protect the child and. So one of the things you need to do is you need to map over that predator prey switch to lumping yourself with the same ferocity of you as you would protect your child right. Part of that is by practicing the body mechanics of aggression right.

Probably i think my one of my my systema teacher kevin succor uh has a video called the predator prey switch if you go to his his uh youtube channel kevin secours.com i think is what it's called and you look. For the predator prey switch uh he has a real good video and i think he actually has an ebook. On how to develop that. So that's what we want okay.

We need that we need to we need to practice turning that on if you don't practice it it's not going to be there when you need it western beer reviews david real account by the way you can call me mike boxers do that they walk like do not even try me yep i have a video actually i think it's on youtube where i'm kind of sort of showing that i think it was called weapons of personal self-defense and i'm showing the difference in the body language posture where we're going from the the body language of fear to the body language of aggression i think i think i have a video on youtube where i'm showing that to a room full of women um. But kevin is my system instructor and he's one of the best system instructors in the world there's a lot of good practitioners not a lot of good instructors and he actually focuses in on that that mental side of it which i think is really really important really really useful okay. Kw says the. First time i did the guided self-hypnosis my brain became more clear my gratitude to you my gratitude back brother thank you um bernardini says david i really love to learn.

But i really hate school how can i change that or is that the school is not for me chances are a it may not the school may not be a fit for you that that is absolutely a possibility it's far more likely that you are more focused on the things you have to do for school than what the school is going to get you right. When you think about what the result of going to that school is going to be what it's going to do for you and how good your life is going to be after you have it how do you feel right. The reason people quit things is because they stop focusing on what they want start focusing on the things they don't want or as it's more practical they start focusing on what they they stop focusing on what they want and they start focusing on the tasks they need to do to get there and that's the same thing as focusing on what you don't want right. But the more you focus on the pleasure of having it and the desire to have it the less onerous and the less arduous the tasks seem to be.

But a lot of times we start to lose motivation it's because we stop focusing on the goal what what the reward is for doing those things uh if any course is missing on on our website reach out to brandon or and uh reach out to support at nlpower.com and or stephanie at nlpower.com and um and we'll try and get a result by the way i don't know if anybody this might be short notice for people. But how many of you are interested in dating and attraction applications male or female doesn't matter type that in when you can i'm going to answer more questions and i'll circle back to it um tony b says i want to go to your influence seminar. But i have a couple questions ask away tony i'm i'm i'm an open book. Brother ethereal vixen says can you talk about the bluetooth connection and why i can feel when my ex-boyfriend is about to come back around it's.

So bizarre uh it's because you have an energetic sexual connection that um is is locked in place because of your intimacy it's it's very common it's very common um nolan says totally random i i answer that question would i be willing to take a look. At it uh best that you send it to brandon or stephanie i have no. Control over that website i just create the content that goes on it i gave up i gave up the programming side of it back in 2017. So how effective is sleeping with earphones on can be very effective as long as it's comfortable for you michael horsley says yes.

Big big beast okay. Sam rick not you okay. I don't know what that means bree says me all right. Um this is a um this is short notice um it's not on our website.

But if you call stephanie at 858-282-4663. Next week from um february 17th to the 20th 2021 in las vegas at the orleans hotel and casino. We will be teaching this is the. First time i've taught this in five years a four day attraction mastery class this is a class that talks from takes you from inner game to outer game to short-term relationships to long-term relationships how to sort approach and capture the object of your heart's desire male or female does it's a coed class i've got about a 50 50 um enrollment right.

Now i've only got a couple more i've only got 10 or 20 more spaces left it is not a class that i teach very often it is in fact we had to take all of our attraction and seduction and sensuality products off of our website because our ad platforms wouldn't let us run ads for anything else as long as that content was there. So we had to take it off. So if anybody's interested in those applications this is a program that we have not been advertising anywhere except within the people who come to our live events or the people who are in our private mastermind groups only those people know about it if you're interested if it's something you want to learn my whole system my whole approach as well as the things we've learned since. Then um reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 and capture one of those.

Last remaining spots okay. We're not gonna be we're not gonna be streaming it this is this has to be done in person okay. So if you're interested it's we i've never taught a four day version of this class either. So there's going to be a lot we're going to be going into all the things women need to know all the things men need to know and we're going to and there's actually a no.

There's actually a no. Hooking up role in the class like you're allowed to practice men and women are allowed to practice together. But they're not allowed to get to like to actually take it beyond practice you have to do that out in the field. So uh ed wong says david any chance in the future that you might teach live classes in florida um yes.

We're already working on it okay. We're already working on it. But right. Now vegas is the most cost effective uh tony b says antidepressant will it affect learning your stuff no.

Not at all in fact uh one of the interesting things about our technologies is that it doesn't seem to matter what kind of meds you're on this stuff works on you which is really cool if you think about it samrick says i don't want to date you thank god because i you know i'm open i mean i live in california. But i don't swing that way brother. So okay. [Music] okay.

Let's see here susan says. So much more information available kids coming up today are lucky yes. Yes. They are they don't realize it though because it's always been that way you know we one of the biggest problems we have with the newer generations is they don't have they they've never been without like a lot of us have and i'm not i'm not putting down millennials and i'm not gen z's or gen x or whatever whatever generation we're on it's just they don't have the same perspective because they've never had the challenges we had right.

So if we want to understand each other better from generation to generation we have to we have to be willing to try on other people's perspectives and see things from that perspective and that's where empathy begins right. Okay. See um bernardini says when manifested you recommend being specific or general i'm specific on the what general on the how right. Michael says i feel i've missed connections twice recently must work on recognizing yes.

That's the calibration and sensory acute are the two single biggest factors in making any any approach to attraction and dating or relating work if you can't calibrate whether what you're doing is moving you towards connection or away from it you're dead before you start. So yeah 100 agree with that do i have a pdf document or link that has a list of all the upcoming live events similar to the ones yes. I do um i can upload if people want it i will see if i can upload it to the community tab i'll send you the most recent version and if you guys are interested. Then um you can reach out to stephanie let's see um actually kw kw says hopefully you'll offer this class again in the future i don't know if i will um it's certainly one of the things that was part of my golden path to do.

But this particular topic also causes me more problems than almost any other topic short of erotic hypnosis which i also teach and the reason is is because this particular subject has become such a red flag for social media for search engines for advertising platforms um email services you name it that the moment they sense you're doing anything to do with attraction dating seduction whatever you automatically get flagged or bl or lumped into the adult side of the internet and and it really is a very very it's a problem because i'm an educator i'm i'm a problem solver and a troubleshooter i teach these things because i learned how to get past these things and i teach them. So that people can have a better life and not have to struggle and suffer the way i did unfortunately the powers that run the internet and especially the big service providers don't see it that way they see certain keywords they see certain types of phrasing and they immediately lump you with the the not. So good guys and. So we've had to really change how we how we want to keep delivering that information to you.

But the platforms aren't letting us do it in a way that's right. So we have to do it more by word of mouth than anything else and i actually like that a little bit better because this makes sure that the sociopaths the dark triads the the predators out there there's a little bit more vetting that they go through before they wind up in a class like that because they've been through identity by design they've been through killer influence they've been through some of the the other classes where i've gotten a chance to get to know them and clean up some of their [ __ ]. So that when they come to this material as powerful as it is they use it well they use it under the right. Circumstances and for the right.

Reasons now i'm not a persuasion or attraction cop i'm not going to pass judgment on why you want to learn this stuff you want to just rack up one night stands i'm not going to judge you for that if you want to create you know if you're into couples dating swinging polygamy i don't care you know that's not my point is i just want to make sure that people are are attaching the right. Understandings to why we do what we do right. This was a big problem for my life and i spent a lot of years learning and studying to figure this stuff out and when i when i did it i discovered that these applications were the archetype for every other type of social interaction and relationship that we have and they could map directly across to sales to therapy to marketing to uh argumentation you name it and and that was a the big epiphany for me. But i didn't i didn't start out to do that i had a problem that i wanted to solve and i just kept going relentlessly until i found the answers and.

Then oddly enough i discovered that a lot of people had same problems and wanted the same answers and it worked for them. So the short answer is i probably am not going to do this again for a very long time. So we may we may release the video. But it will almost certainly not be directly available on our website because we had to pull all of our relationship products off that website in order to run ads for other stuff it was it wasn't fair wasn't right.

But that's what happened and i'm just going to be very transparent about it we still offer those if you call up stephanie and you ask her about these products she will tell you all about them she will show you how you can get them for yourself uh we'll load them into your members area on the nlp our website. But you won't see us advertising except by word of mouth and this is the. First one the. First times i've actually talked about this class at length and we've had it on the books for almost six months.

So let's see here bernard uh you should come to tulum to do a live training well if enough people want us to go. Then maybe sam if you're married stay loyal bro well again those of you who are married this is going to show you how to reinvigorate that relationship this is this is a full spectrum attraction class. So um as a married man since 20 and since 2009 i know a little bit about that right. Uh jeff smith says how effective i've answered that jeff it's very effective as long as the earphones are comfortable and you're listening as you're falling asleep sleep learning can be problematic at times let's see here um happy thought says david will you cover a little bit of erotic hypnosis material for.

Next week i can talk about it if people want to know about i'm happy to demonstrate it i'll play a few clips for you we'll deconstruct it for you we're doing actually a four day erotic hypnosis class at the end of july in las vegas if people are interested okay. Volnie says i just paid for diamond. But do not see confirmation um i don't know that you will see a confirmation because youtube actually handles that part of it uh what happens is stephanie monitors all the diamond members she goes in she she inventories the new sign ups for the diamond level and. Then she physically adds them to the facebook.

Group. So there may be a little bit of a turnaround. But if you email stephanie let her know you signed up for the platinum the diamond level she could that will help her facilitate that. So reach out for her directly at stephanie lppower.com jeff smith says thank you you're very welcome is it dangerous for young and immature guys to master some of the techniques you teach yeah yeah it can be and here's the thing it can be as dangerous for the person learning it as it is for the person who having these techniques done on them right.

We all make mistakes on our path to power you'll never find where your happy medium is until you go to extremes and that's something that's almost exclusively reserved for the young who are strong and heart healthy enough to overcome it hopefully um hopefully people see what we do and how we do it and we've been and they take us on as avatars and role models of how to apply this and when to apply it. But the truth is is that these skills are immensely powerful and they're like and when you when you've got them it's a lot like having a superpower that you could just whip out and get people to do what you want feel the way you want more often than not uh and. So young people getting a hold of this stuff yeah it can be dangerous. But you're gonna you're gonna go through that.

Anyway you're like a kid in a candy store right. And i see it over and over again. So yeah i'm not gonna lie yeah it can be right. Hopefully that people develop the wisdom and the maturity from making mistakes without doing too much damage or crossing boundaries they shouldn't.

But that's just how it is okay. Uh i'm coming up on my uh my mark where i have to make a hard exit. But i'm i'm gonna cherry pick some some questions here. So evolution a2z says hey david curious what were your major teaching scaling expansion points like going from local to conferences to net um to the net was it just natural.

Next steps or flow most of my stuff happened randomly and organically i'll be honest with you um i started i'll give you the brief rundown i do things almost exactly the reverse of what most of my peers in the industry did most of my peers started out as private practitioners and. Then they either they did one of two things after that they either started creating or holding live trainings or they wrote a book. And tried to promote the book. Which they were they eventually would hope to parlay into a video home study course and.

Then maybe a high ticket coaching program i didn't do that in fact i started doing live events almost immediately i i cut my teeth doing practice groups and live events honed my skills when i graduated from acupuncture school i worked almost exclusively off medical referral for the. First couple of years even as i was teaching and doing those meetups a lot of those early videos where you see me in front of those audiences without you know i'm wearing jeans and stuff like that those were free events that i taught just because i love doing it and i love watching people change right. And. Then i started making offers for people to come and work with me both high ticket and low ticket and they did and after about two years of archiving tons of material that i kept telling myself i was going to turn into a course and never did i said well you know what this stuff isn't doing me any good sitting on the hard drive i'll just upload it to youtube and see what happens.

Next thing i know i've got 5 000 subscribers right. Boom you know and i'm like oh [ __ ] there people actually like this stuff right. Um and and i'm just certain okay. Well the universe is telling me something let's keep going and i just kept doing live events recording the content repurposing it doing live events doing live i was putting butts in chairs now most of my peers very few of them are willing to actually try to do their own events now they've been forced to do that now because of covet.

But most of my peers wait to be asked to be a guest somewhere and wonder why they never get asked right. After a certain amount of time doing my own events people say would you hey would you want to be on my podcast or would you want to can i interview you and i would say yeah. But i never relied on that to build my business i never relied on that to reach people i figured out the problems i had that i solved i put out a call to the people who had similar problems i showed them in a free event much like we're doing here how to fix it and i would bring people up and i would fix it and i would videotape it and put it up on youtube people say oh my god this shit's real or they would say that's [ __ ] they would do something on themselves that they saw on the video and it would work and like oh my god this shit's real right. And they would find me on facebook.

They would reach out to the clinic and by the time they actually got into to see me they had consumed. So much of our content they had gone through. So many different processes i i just say when you want to start new and hun and this is this is how much it costs when you want to start and it's here take take my credit card let's get this going right. That ev and it wasn't until about 20 about 2016 that i invested any money whatsoever in facebook.

Ads right. And i only did it because the guy who rebuilt my website brought it back from the dead um that was that was his biggest way to drive traffic. But we were dominating organically on youtube and on google for for four or five years we had. So much traffic we didn't realize how much we had because our analytics were screwed up and.

Then we had we started running it all through the website was like 10 000 hits a day or a week you know it was ridiculous for for the kind of uh content that we offered. So i i was probably a longer explanation than you wanted. But um. But uh what really kind of crystallized things for me made it really really concrete that there was a system to this was when i joined lisa sasebic's uh sassy mastermind sales authenticity and success program and i invested about 20 grand in that and it was the best 20 grand i ever invested short of my acupuncture degree which was 100 grand and i learned that there were systems to what we were doing that you could employ and there was an architecture it really expanded my understanding.

But i started out from the very beginning by doing live events and creating programs and teaching those programs and now people are asking me to write books and every time they ask me to write a book. If i'm going to write a book. I said well i got something i planned. But every time i sit down to go to write a book.

I look. At the amount of time it takes to write a book. How fast i can do a video on it and i choose the video because it's more effective and it's more efficient. But we will do we will be doing books we'll also probably be doing a line of self-hypnosis audios that you can purchase and listen to.

But those are in the pipeline. So i hope that answers your question uh let's see here how do you join clubhouse you have to get invited. So if you know somebody who's in clubhouse ask if they have any spare invitations and ask them to invite you that's that's the only way i know how to do it is it is it possible if a person can bring you bad luck or unsuccess where almost everything goes yes. It's called the evil eye and it can be fixed bernardini says i'm going to manifest meeting a person cool best way to build internal energy qigong and getting on your golden path right.

Again when we say internal energy not a good enough question better question internal energy to accomplish what what do you want to do with that internal energy okay. Susan never had to walk to the library and look. Something up right. On right.

Most kids i know never had to get up and change the channel on their television either they have a remote or siri or alexa right. Um western beer reviews trying to treat women as momentary while using the three-tiered dating protocol does not work okay. Must be attracted to and interested in some kind of long-term dynamic okay. Uh yogesh says your thoughts about kundalini activation best way to activate kundalini there's a guy by the name of glenn morris i should say the late glenn morris he developed a process called cap cap stands for kundalini awakening process where he successfully helped over 100 people activate and awaken their kundalini safely okay.

Um best instructor i know for cap is a gentleman named teo senko he was the top instructor for dr morris who's passed on he's kind of heading the um and there's another trainer santiago dobles he does more shamanic stuff. But he focus he starts with cap and. Then he works into psychic self-defense and things like that. So these are the two guys i recommend if you want to do that uh kundalini can be very intense okay.

So bricks this is the. Last question how not to worry about hurting people mentally or physically when you need to defend or draw the line and they're pushing it. First of all if you've sent every signal given them every chance to stop what they're doing and they're continuing to do it they are the aggressors. Therefore you as a person defending and upholding your boundaries should feel absolutely no.

Guilt in pushing back and reinforcing your intention okay. [Music] we don't women especially and again i don't want to generalize. But sorry um don't like to hurt people although they can be vicious when they're aroused don't get me wrong uh. But they're taught they're socialized not to be aggressive and to to be nurturing and.

So flipping that switch is very difficult once again set your boundaries know what you'll accept what you will not and the moment somebody crosses it flip that predator prey switch on you go from prey to predator in the flip of switch okay. So i hope that helps tony b do you know how um i've never i have i have techniques for it i do not practice them they are part of my library they are part of the training systems i'm involved with um. But i've the only obes i've had are um spontaneous uh astral projection lucid dreaming are two things i know of or am familiar with i do not teach them i have students who teach them i've done remote viewing a lot more than i've done astral projection. So hopefully that helps hey listen i'm gonna run guys if you had a good time please post great stuff if you didn't have a good time post on somebody else's channel about what you didn't like about their stuff um i used to tell people if you like what we what we have the meetup post to the meetup if you didn't like what you learned at our meetup post to somebody else's meetup right.

Please like and share our videos please follow us on youtube we're also on instagram now my lovely daughter tracy is uploading our content onto instagram please follow us on clubhouse i'm going to try some live events on clubhouse um that will announce we have a special mailing list for those of you want to get on the announcement list for that you can go to www.drdavid.club you can sign up for our mailing list if you want to get on our subscriber list and our hypnotic tips and influence tips bulletin board you can go to www.um.nlpower.com sign up for our email list. So you get notifications for events and things of that nature um if i did not answer your question or you have a question if you're watching the replay go ahead and write them in the comments section below i will go back and i read my comments every day because everything is held in review and if it's if it's if you're a troll you get deleted and nuked if you write a good question i will let it through and i will actually answer that question that's my you know this is our community let's build it let's grow it let's share it let's grow together and empower one another remember a rising tide lifts all boats be part of that ocean and be part and be one of those boats.
