Title: OjrGhsvZQNM.txt
Video Id: OjrGhsvZQNM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjrGhsvZQNM

And what. I do is even though. I have a curriculum that. I post on.

Meetup and things like that my biggest my biggest most important clients are the ones sitting in the room. So even though there was something in what. I wrote that made you want to come out and learn cool stuff which by the way is a prerequisite you got to be a cool person who likes to learn cool stuff how many people here are cool how many people like to learn cool stuff all right. That we're in the right.

Place at the right. Time um most of you know who. I am for those of you who don't my name is. David.

Snider for those of you who may be watching this someday at home actually the camera's on. So we should be good um. I'm a licensed acupuncturist here in the state of. California.

I have a master's degree in acupuncture and. Oriental medicine. I am a high-ranking black belt in the martial arts. I have an eighth degree in an art called.

Ruku. Kempo which is has two sub. Arts within it called kho. Jitsu and.

Tu. Jitsu which are basically long. Oriental words that mean pressure point fighting in terms of either. First attacks striking or in terms of grappling like jiujitsu we learned how to work with the acupuncture points and meridians to affect the body for the purposes of self-defense um obviously as an acupuncturist.

I'm big into energy chiong and healing. I'm also a certified raiki. Master. I've been a certified raiki.

Master since the early 90s since before raiki was cool uh. I'm lucky enough in that. I'm only one or two generations removed from hawo tato who brought raiki to this country. So uh this young man over here is is uh.

Master. Ed. Lake who is uh one of the sole. Reasons.

I'm standing here today. So. I want to just recognize him uh he's the one who actually introduced me to the world of pressure points and energetics which actually led me to the study with. George.

Doan who was kind of the. Fountain. Head of pressure point martial arts in this country and now probably the world the world yeah easily he's he reverse engineered many of the and along with. Ed uh were some of the key people that reverse engineered the entire system that up until the early 70 or late '70s early ' 80s was completely kept secret from from the modern world and it was that bridge that allowed us to begin to make these connections between the the the theory of energetics and the application to the body to the mind and everything.

I do now is is a is an end result of that connection back. Then. So even though we're not here to do martial arts by any stretch of the imagination we are here to learn about psychic self-defense which once we start getting into that side of things you'll start to realize how gerain that how important that an understanding of what's what constitutes psychic self-defense because most of us think when we talk about that kind of thing like somebody putting a curse on us or something like that there's actually far more ways for someone to zap you at a psychic level that happens hundreds of times a day that impact your energy field and we'll play with we'll do some exercises that will kind of bring that awareness to you because the theory that we operate on and come on in guys see. I told you the theory that we operate on is anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control and.

So until you have an awareness of something you have no. Idea it's even affecting you much less a choice about whether to let it affect you or not does that make sense now the other side of it is energy healing energy healing is a study that is is uh very dear to me because as a hypnotist. I'm a licensed uh hypnotist and hypnosis trainer. I'm a certified uh practitioner and master practitioner and trainer in neurol linguist programming under the founder come on.

Dr. Richard bandler um. I'm also a certified pronic healer and pronic psychotherapist uh. I've also do yeah and.

I'm also certified. DNA. Theta healer which is another form of energy healing. So if people want to talk about different schools of energy we can talk about those all day long because they all work and they're all good for something hi there come on in um and uh and.

So. But what you're going to get here is not raiki and it's not chronic healing and it's not pressure points and it's not cuso. Jitsu it's the world according to. David if it works for you if it if it meshes with something that improves your life and and why you came out here tonight great that's why.

I'm here my my specialty here at the clinic is treating physiological illness that has as its root repressed emotion okay. In addition to teaching. Advanced persuasion and influence skills. I also deal with people who have tumors.

MS. Parkinson's uh all kinds of intractable illness chronic pain is one of the one of the biggest things we deal with uh and with our techniques we can we can alleviate it and sometimes completely remove it in a little a couple of minutes using the technologies that we're going to share with you that being said where. I started with this is even though. I wrote us this really cool explanation of what we're going to be covering on.

Meetup what really drives me and what. I really want to make sure is that each and every one of you. Le here today with exactly what you came for. So you're all here for a personal reason something that you want either something you want more of something you want to get rid of something you want to know more about and what.

I want to do is. I want to find out what. I want to go around. I want to find out what that is.

So. I can give you a lesson plan that includes it. So everybody leaves what they came for is that fair okay. I'm going to take you as far as.

I can in the time that we have because if this is the topic of what we're here to discuss we have time for about this right. So. I'm going to take you as far as. I can if you want more.

I have a couple of free gifts for you as well. I'll show you where to go to get more that make sense. So let's start with. Ben since.

Ben was the. First to arrive on time by the way couple of rules this means. I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh [ __ ].

I hope he doesn't call on me okay. This means yes. This means no. There will be a test okay.

Ben what do you want to take home today uh actually just wanted to uh get an introduction to. NLP and. NLP um just some of the uh healing that you mentioned as well okay. Um on a personal level uh.

I've had anxiety depression for 16 plus years okay. And sleeping disorder for about that as well usually sleep maybe two to four hours a night. M um. So.

I have a lot of migraines and migraines okay. Uh brain fog like. I have problems thinking okay. We can fix that big sounds like a big yeah you have the yes.

Have some order right. Super. Ed what can what do you want to take home today well. Dave.

I want to take home some knowledge okay. Of of what you have to well. First off. I want to take.

I want to take a little piece of everybody here and and find out how their issues and how to examine okay. All of all of that okay. So right. On.

Billy by the way. Billy is one of our uh he's he's our. Don yoga instructor here at the uh at the school this place uh and uh he's a really really an accomplished energy healer he's done some work on us my wife both my wife and. I and we've really enjoyed it we hold classes here on.

Don yoga every. Saturday at 8:00 a.m. and 10: and 10:00 a.m. So if you're interested in in coming out and getting a nice little energy buzz on see see. Billy after that.

But. Billy what do you want to take on this week um. I'm a groupy. So.

I'm just here to group you're here to group on right. Yeah now um little bit kind of refresher with the psychic attack stuff okay. And protection self offense okay. I know.

I took. That course with you a while back and it was a lot of information. So you know. I remember pieces.

Billy is a survivor of our vibrational influence class which is a a three-day. Advanced energetic and psychic skills. Workshop where we we take apart not only the the systems like raiki and chronic healing. But we also uh explore a system called hermetics and for those of you who don't know what the term hermetic is most of you do know the word the book.

The. Secret right. You've all heard of it. Law of.

Attraction stuff right. What most people don't realize is that the book. The. Secret is based on a very very old ancient manuscript called the tabulous smagina which is literally the literal translation is the.

Emerald. Tablet of. Hermes testice okay. And in that tablet.

Hermes who was considered uh also is considered the god to in. Egypt who brought writing to the. Egyptian people wrote down several key principles and laws upon which the material universe as well as the. Met metaphysical universe that we live in works now it was written in very vague terms because it was written for initiates people who understood how to interpret what was being said what people have learned as a law of attraction is one small piece of a much larger body of work that explains how all this integrates now this is something.

I've never taught in an energy healing. Meetup. But. I will tell you that the process that you're going to be learning tonight is a reconstruction of all of those principles applied to the human body it's completely hermetic and that's why it works.

So fast and. So deeply the secret to working with anything energetic or with a human being is that you must think of the the system as a holistic unit it's a it's the largest most complex information processing system short of the universe that exists everything has a meaning everything has an impact when we start and what we. But what we do with our society is we start to separate things out we like in. NLP we talk about the five modalities which we're going to talk about visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory we separate everything into discrete units and we work because the the theory behind that is if we just separate things out we'll find the the active ingredient and that'll be just what we need to focus on.

But that's not how the system actually is designed to work okay. For example your spine okay. Your your vertebral column just by itself without any connective tissue just on its own everybody here know what a fly fishing rod is right. You ever go fishing the weight of a 2B fish on the rling on the end of a fly fishing rod without the.

Synergy of the human body would crush your vertebrae okay. And yet we have people picking up cars under duress and things like that without damage the fascial system which is a a fibrous tissue that wraps the spine and the organs has a tremendous tensil strength. But still will shred easily on its own it's when all of the elements of the physical body work together that you get a hole that is greater than the sum of the parts. So when we start doing energetic work at least in the world according to.

David okay. If you want stuff that the more parts you add back in and synergistically work together the more rapid and deep and pervasive the change that being said you don't have to believe a damn thing. I'm about to tell you or teach you all you have to do is do it you need three things to be successful follow the instructions become completely absorbed in the process and have be focused on what you're doing now all those elements are built into the process. I'm going to teach you okay.

So you don't really have to worry about it just do it okay. Bryant what do you want to get out of this week or this day you're here for come on in. Lori okay. Have a seat is that is that your phone bin no.

I don't know give this okay. Thank you okay. So. Briant what we take out of here.

I'm very well studied in the mechanics and that's always been my focus in the. Last 30 years of studying hypnosis and practicing it like to learn a little bit more about what else is out there especially the energy part of this because. I me we're obviously all pulsing with electricity from every s in our being. So how's that work where does it go what's it do mhm okay.

Excellent well you're going to get that in. Spades brother you signed up for the. Deep class this is the this is the sample this is the sample platter uh. But.

Thursday. Friday. Saturday uh we're going to be going deep dish into more practical applications of a lot of the things we're going to touch on today day. But my goal here is to give you a very powerful simple method that you can begin to use to fix your [ __ ] [ __ ] being a technical term secret hypnotic influence techniques yes.

Okay. Lori actually we've used this on. Lori several times haven't we that's why she's back right. Sweet what do you want to take home today um just just knowledge and clearing up some issues you want to clear up some stuff all right.

We'll have a clearing a [ __ ] clearing party clear up stuff by the way whenever. I do any kind of usually nine times out of 10 when. I do an energy healing. SL psychic self defense workout it's mostly clearing and honestly if you want to be more hard to influence that's where you have to start you have to clean up your [ __ ] because there are many highly paid well-funded well-trained agencies with a vested interest in and pressing your emotional hot buttons because by pressing your emotional hot buttons you do what what they want they keep you off balance they keep you your body um.

So buffeted with feelings that your perceptual filter shift now we're going to cover a lot of this probably. I don't want to go too deep because we could be here for a very long time talking about this. But. I want to give you enough that you can start to play and start to practice right.

What's your name aen aen what would you like to take home today well uh knowledge knowledge mentioned. I'm really fascinated with the um body electrical system and and using it for protection protection babyit that would benefit me enormously because everyone's pushing my buttons everybody's pushing your buttons like. I'm such an enabler okay. Gotcha and.

I just fall into that trap stop being a doormat all right. All right. So stop being an enabler okay. By the way being an enabler is usually symptomatic of something else mhm that's just a behavior many times when you're when you're dealing with some of the things.

I deal with what people think of is the problem isn't okay. Um a lot of even though what. I said the technique. I'm going to be sharing with you tonight.

I said was hermetic it also has some direct references to. Chinese medicine okay. Three specific. Tech three specific principles in in particular one is called.

Asher which literally kind of means ouch in in. Chinese medicine and an. Asher point is is probably one of the oldest forms of acupuncture if we have a pain somewhere in the body that's where we stick the needle right. We don't we like.

Advanced forms of acupuncture if. I have a pain in my arm they might put it in my leg put the needle in my leg or put it somewhere else. But the original for the original form was. I have a pain here.

I put the needle here right. So the asure principle works very very strongly in this energetic component another one that we're going to deal with for chronic illnesses especially is something called root and branch which goes directly to what. I just talked about that many times the symptom isn't the problem right. And.

So one of the things that happens like if you're dealing with tumors when you're dealing with uh chronic illness like. Ms or in some cases herpes outbreaks um. I had. I had one lady.

I have it on video it's pretty amazing she had she's like in her 50s she's had terrible scoliosis and bone pain and um we took. That away in like 2 minutes he rided around like a fish out of water for about 3 minutes while the process happened and the pain was completely gone and didn't come back it's almost always an emotional component that is not being addressed right. We're going to talk about that okay. But basically the the manifestation many times with chronic illness stuff that keeps coming back isn't the problem.

So if somebody has a pain in their neck many times there's a reason that pain is there and it's in a different part of the body. So when we start to look. At people and we start to think especially when we're dealing with chronic things uh remember that things like cancer it's never where the tumor is the tumor is never the problem it's the manifestation. So you have to go a little bit further down the chain to the source of it and you do the spin at the source and.

Then the tumor resolves on its own many times okay. Um hey what's your name. I'm rodo. R have.

I seen you before you look. Familiar brother oh. I'm. David welcome thank you cool what do you want to take home today.

Rodrigo. I want to out what this all about what this is all about you just showed you picked a meet up at random and said. I'm going to go here oh [ __ ]. I'm in trouble now pretty much yeah by the way if if.

Politically. Incorrect language and colorful metaphors offend you get the hell out because. I'm. I you know.

First of all swearing is fun for me. But also um. I'm. I'm a guy who prides himself on telling it like it is and and.

So the whole idea is at the end of the day can you actually do something with the information you've gotten. So you're going to find out what this is all about it's about fixing up your stuff and making sure it stays fixed is that cool cool all right. And making sure other people don't break your stuff is that all right. What's your name.

Nikita. Nikita. I'm. David welcome welcome that was a good grip.

I like that what brought you out tonight. I actually came to your. Last seminar and. I got.

So much out of it and like learning and. I've been reading a lot interesting to me excellent excellent. So you want more stuff yes. Most stuff you got to have fun with this guys here's the secret the power is in the playfulness the more playful you are the more powerfully you change okay.

Matter of fact when you went to the mental training meet up. I spent the. First probably hour on teaching people how to feel pleasure for no. No.

Freaking reason when he came to my two-day training that's what we did wasn't it we just spent all this time generating immense pleasure feelings in the body she was. Bliss out for days right. Why because when we exper you were there too right. When we experience intense.

Joy which of the. Primal emotions that human beings grow through we only have one positive one everything else is just a variation of that joy joy releases a hormone called oxytocin oxytocin is a neurotransmitter that has some very powerful properties on the human nervous system aside from the pleasure aspect it is the human bonding hormone when we create powerful connections with other human beings oxytocin is the mediator when we are um when we feel trust towards someone it's mediated through oxytocin when we develop a let's use the word fetish oxytocin is the primary mediator okay. Oxytocin creates a a set a condition in the body known as neuroplasticity which means it makes your brain the nerves the. Nur the neurological.

Connections in your brain hyper malleable they change very very quickly in the presence of oxytocin. So the more joy and pleasure you can put in the body and and maintain in the body the more malleable the system becomes in terms of behavior emotion and and all points in between plus it's immensely. Curative okay. So uh in my.

Last uh self transformation. Workshop. I once again. I had actually.

I didn't know it at the time. But. I had two guys in my room in my group they stood up at the mental training. Workshop intense post-traumatic stress one guy had just gotten back from.

Koso after like two. Sol two or three solid were you at the. Last penal training me yeah he was he was. But he was here when you were teaching your class he was the big bald guy right.

And he was a basket kid he was. PR was fully disabled because of post-traumatic stress and we spent the. First couple hours just saturating the system using the spinning technique you're going to learn with good feelings with you want to when with orgasm joy happiness whatever you want to have it's fine any pleasure state is going to work uh orgasm releases the most oxytocin. So we tend to focus on ecstatic.

States. First right. Um. You don't have to get naked for anything like that it's just all inside.

So that's a different. Meetup. But the whole point is is we spent. I want to go to that one yeah go away notless you bring your wife um.

But the point is she doesn't need it. But. Anyway um the point is is the more the more pleasure we bring into the system the more suggestions and uh reprogramming work that we do sticks when the. O and of all the of all the neurotransmitters only oxytocin has the capacity to overwrite.

Old programming now. L if you have this thing you've had forever and ever and ever you saturate the system with oxytocin and give them a different a the same stimula with a different response and it'll override it it'll literally erase it and reprint the new one. But most people especially therapists they don't they don't want to play with that or they don't even know it's possible. So they fix what's broken.

So they they re-trigger a trauma or whatever and they just go in and they fix what's broken right. And that way works okay. Um there's many different ways to get the same result. But.

I'm telling you most of us are stared for that kind of pleasure and we sure as heck can't do it on demand at the drop of a hat right. So that's kind of what we want to start to play with right. But be playful with this you're learning to play with your minds in a whole new way all right. What you want to get out here um ideally better emotional self-control emotional self-control what does that look.

Like for you not letting other people's moods rub off on me o okay. Excellent okay. Emotional self-control all right. That brings us to what.

I like to call the grid by the way before we go into the the. Deep stuff does anybody need to go potty all right. Out on the balcony we have a beautiful balcony in case you haven't seen it it's loaded with all kinds of caffeinated beverage. I eat coffee because that's all we have.

But there's also lots of chocolate kid. Kats. I know you guys hate kid cats right. Horrible horrible peanut butter cups help yourselves eat as much as you like because you're going to need the brain sugar you're also going to want the oxytocin that's in the chocolate that's one of the other ways that we can sneak change into our system and why we feel.

So good when we eat chocolate is that of all the substances out there chocolate has one of the highest levels of oxytocin. So when we consume it we start to get that happy euphoric feeling it's the sugar that crashes us. But it's the oxytocin that changes us okay. So.

I have all these evil agendas that. I'm going to going to work on let's take five minutes get some coffee get some sugar use the potty come on back and we'll get started on what. I call the grid okay. Nice it's gorgeous.

I love this. BL trying to detox oh we're going to deto you don't worry [Music]. Lori you need some paper yeah it could be just stretch paper yeah. I used to have like this.

Big. W of printer paper that. I would carry around wherever. I went cool all right.

So what if. I don't do. GMO and all that. Stu you don't have to do it no.

No. It's it's purely optional all right. You also have water out there and stuff. So okay.

Thank you it's is it me or is it hot in here what happened well before it was freezing now. I'm like it's. CU we had the door open oh is that what it was all right. Okay.

If you see my light start to. Blink tell me light yeah cuz. I means the battery's dead. H okay.

Yeah if it blinks here. Then that battery is the microphone is either off or the battery's dead certain no. It'll just blink. All.

Out of. Water talk to the tracy monster she'll get it for you. I often toy with the idea of doing the meetups out here. But.

I'm always afraid if we're going to get rained on or something that's ni nice it's gorgeous isn't it you can actually see the ocean if you look. Off the. Angles and stuff. So.

But this is where we do our da yoga classes and we'll be doing some. Chiang and we're working on getting a really high level. Tai guy in here to do stuff. Saturday.

Saturdays yeah we have two classes. Saturday morning and. Then when. I do my personal transformation classes or my self.

Mastery classes and we do it here as well. So when do you just get for another one actually we've got one coming up. I. I'll be handing out the form sport tonight for people who want to get in didn't you sign up for the.

Last one and could make it you know my aunt passed away it's really pry traumatic my mother. So yeah we're gonna we'll get you rolled into that because. I have a couple other people who want to who didn't make it the. Last one they signed up.

But didn't make it. So yeah it'll be uh. I think it's. SE uh.

August 20 23rd and 2 yeah. So it's it's the weekend before. Labor. Day weekend.

So you have lots of time right. But um. But yeah. So what we're going to talk about.

First is um we're going to talk about the grid which is kind of the uh the crash course in. Practical. NLP in terms of energetics we're going to start to um discuss how. David looks at the oric field as opposed to to how many other traditional systems look.

At it and how it all works together what does. NLP stand for. NLP stands for neurolinguistic programming it's the study of how language and your nervous system interact to create your experience of the world and that's an important distinction because what we think of as reality isn't in fact most of the things we carrying around inside our head we treat them as though they're the thing that happened the actual event itself when in reality all they are is a uh an inaccurate photograph a recording with information that has been either removed blown out of proportion or distorted in some way to give us the experience that approximates what went on when the actual event happened and that whole that whole structure is actually a code that your nervous system uses to re experience that. But it's not the thing that happened that thing is gone right.

And what what we're going to be getting into tonight is how to interact with all the different levels of that system. So that we can get change because. NLP only deals with with that that phenomena on one level which is why they get tremendous change in certain context. But not in others okay.

So there's a piece of. NLP in what we're going to be doing. But we want to look. At the system as a whole.

So that we can get faster change and and you know. Lori will tell you the changes happen really fast you need it to stick it actually get you pretty good yeah. So and again you can always dig deeper because as you clear one thing whatever's ready in the what's. Next in the pecking order kind of comes up right.

So what does. NLP address. Then. NLP address the coding system that your nervous system uses to create meaning in other words uh like in when people talk about things like um things are you know that brings that that brings me down what.

NLP is telling us is that subjectively our nervous system is storing that experience somewhere down here right. When we start to think and we start to create an experience there's a part of us that accesses different parts of our brain to relive that experience and and that and those those thought process processes that we engage in literally come out in the language that we use. So you if you listen to the order and sequence of visual auditory kinesthetic and old factory descriptions in my language it will literally give you a formula for how my brain and what parts of my brain are being accessed as. I create that thought or.

Express that thought and it becomes neurologically useful because if. I understand the code that your system runs on. I can install things easier and. I can change things easier because you don't have to translate and there's no.

There's less mismatch between how you do things inside your head and how. I do that that make sense all right. Thank you might need to replace the water bottle all right. Uh where's my man my man back wait.

I think it's in the other oh here it is thank you all right. Guys let's come on back five minutes is up you can bring your stuff with you it's okay.
