Title: Pillars of Power IDBD V
File Name: OJtY0TTKUUY.txt
Video Id: OJtY0TTKUUY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJtY0TTKUUY

Your feet will remain strong beneath you sleep deep sleep all the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still that's right. Open your eyes. Close your eyes. All the way down deeper and deeper still open your eyes.

Close your eyes. All the way down deeper and deeper with every breath you take everything of your heart pop you're just going deeper and deeper into a juicy wonderful. State of. Trance open your eyes.

All the way up close your eyes. All the way down and. I'm gonna bring your head up just like this. So you can stand nice and erect nice and strong no.

Matter how erect you stand no. Matter how strong you put yourself you'll go deeper and deeper into a wonderful. State of. Trance now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. Bob there was a time in your life when you saw something you wanted you were relentlessly determined to get it you went for it you did it you just nothing was going to stop you as you remember that time as you remember that place there's a place in your body where that feeling lives. I want you to reach it point and point to where you feel that feeling as you look. At that feeling.

I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color of. First impression like reach and grab all that light will enter you take it out hold it in your hands make sure you get it off sometimes that hides all right. Follow instructions very carefully now once you look. At it - did you look.

At it did the color change or stay the same person excellent notice it's spinning in a certain direction with directions it's spinning clockwise clockwise grab it with both of your hands spin it like a wheel double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over over again until it takes on a life of its own and when you know you've got it follow instructions carefully now place it on the ground in front of you oh the minute you place it on the ground hmm a pillar of energy shoots up made of that brilliant blue energy you can feel the energy you can feel the waves rating off penetrating and flowing over you wave after wave of relentless determination and when you're ready. Bob. I want you to take a big step right. Inside that pillar.

Oh feel the rush feel the energy feel all that energy blowing up through your body moving into every part of you every nerve every cell every atom vibrating tingling pulsating with that roll endless energy feel that reprogramming the very. DNA you have itself and when you were ready. Bob. I want you to take a big breath in and breathe that energy into your lungs and feel it going deep into your lungs in your heart into your bloodstream where it goes to every part of you nourishing you accelerating every part of you installing itself permanently at the deepest level of your body of mine by mind soul.

DNA genetics and beyond and when you know you've got it what you know is locked in. I want you to take another breath in and step back out of the pillow as soon as you step back out of the pillow the pillar doubles in size and strength getting ten times bigger ten times stronger you can feel the energy doubling and tripling in force magnitude and intensity and when you're ready to take a big step in that energy blows up you begin to expand and grow in all directions do yourself growing and swelling to fill that pillar look. Down from that place on high noticing how different the world looks to you now that's right. When you know you're filled to the brim with that power every.

DNA molecule in your body program reprocessed reorganized and the right. Ways all of your beliefs all of your mindsets all of your perceptual positions changing and shifting to match this feeling of relentless determination. Oeste a deep breath in breathe it into the very deepest part of your mind body and soul if you like take a look. Deep inside of you in a way that's impossible to go back the way it was only getting stronger seeing the world from that place up high and when you know you've got it.

Bob what you know it's locked in step out of that pillar beautiful. Then you step out of that pillar zoom the pillar doubles in size shape and intensity getting ten times bigger ten times stronger ten times more overwhelming flooding your body with everything you could ever want in need of this energy and when you know you're ready for more take a deep breath in step inside that pillar room feel the rush flowing to every part of your body feel all your tingly parts tingle feel the desire feel the relentless drive to get everything you want feel yourself expanding to fill that pillar yet again locking yourself in locking yourself in begin from this point of view this perspective in all the ways that are important take a deep breath in breathe that energy deep in your lungs feel your body nourished saturated transformed from the inside out for all the right. Reasons by this glowing energy that's right. When you know you've got it when you know it's locked in take a deep breath in step out of that pillar bring all those transformations with you builder doubles in size and strength again.

But now what we're gonna do. Bob is we're gonna imagine we have mr. fantastic arms and we can stretch our heads all the way to the top of the pillar. So you can reach the top of the pillar grab the bottom of the pillar and. I want you to condense it down concentrate it down to a ball between your hands and shrink it and it comes more condensed it becomes more compressed it becomes more powerful more irresistible in every way because we can concentrate something as we condense it down it just gets more powerful that's right.

So you're holding that glowing ball of concentrated energy in your hands and all. I want you to do is take that energy hold it in your left hand and imagine that you can karate chop it with your right. In and you cut it in half as you cut it in half you take half of that put the other half off to the side for just a moment grab it with both of your hands double the spin double speed double force double magnitude keep. EE until it's impossible for it to do anything.

But accelerate when you know you've got it slam it into the spot in your body where it'll do the most good that's the change that's right. Just like that perfect now reach over grab that other ball we put off to the side bring that back in all. I want you to do is imagine that it's very malleable it's very shaped. I want you to shape it into the shape of a magic ring big make it the size of a ring concentrate it down bend it into a ring when you got to take one of your fingers where you know will do the most good put that ring on that's it well real veterans like the.

Green. Lantern wash and anytime we move through the world anytime you need a little extra dose of relentlessness the total determination all you have to do is touch your magic ring and notice what happens you that's right. Just like that with all your tingling. First thing that rush of energy comes flooding back to it no.

Matter where you go no. Matter what you do anytime you need that resource. Droon touch that ring and the magic comes flooding back that's right. That's right.

Now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm gonna count from 1 to 5 when. I reach the number 5 you're gonna explode out of the state brain all at least transformations revelations and education with you kicking butt taking names understanding this process from the inside out ready to do it over and over and over again filled with an unstoppable power to get whatever you want whenever you want it 1 feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing this new reality with you to all of my suggestions from me to you from you your unconscious mind a thousand times more powerful thousand times stronger and every way locked into the part of your mind that most wants and needs and desires that energy the part of you that keeps your heart beating in your lungs breathing the part of you that's.

Primus tappable 3 always at least 3 ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least 3 solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those solutions in the quickest easiest most efficient way for the good of all concerned and you will relentlessly pursue those solutions and goals until you get what you want number 4 because it's all for you you've done the work you follow the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've made the investment you've earned this and it's true for you now on the. Next count you can emerge from this state only at the range speed that you know you've got it locked in in all the right. Ways anytime you need help anytime any little extra dose of that relentless determination mmm touch that magic ring we notice the feeling come flooding back revitalize reactivated surging through your mind and body and all the right. Ways number five eyes.

Open notice how different the world pillars of power here's your task you have four driver states install each and every one of them in every one one after the other. Hitler after pill or after pillar you. So you'll have a magic ring for each one that's to see that you've got.
