Title: 3 Powerful Mind Control Skills - Irresistible Influence and Charisma On Command
File Name: oNk6-q4Kal0.txt
Video Id: oNk6-q4Kal0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNk6-q4Kal0

Repeat offender from. Northern. Virginia louder would be better. I want a.

Second let me see if. I can adjust my my speaker volume here for some reason we're not we're not getting audio settings oh that might help hold on a. Second is it better now okay. Yeah somehow the mic the mic volume got turned way the.

Frick down hello everybody alright. So cool we're off to a little bit of a rough start. But that's okay. Um today for how many for those of you again couple just for my edification how many of you is this your.

First time on a webinar with me just. So. I know go ahead and type it in the chatroom of this is if you're a first-timer and there's a there's reason why. I'm asking this because our webinars for those of you who are new to have to how we do things that.

I don't. B power are a little bit different. Then. Then some of the standard webinars you might be used to okay.

So art mail says. First time. Linda. Cummings's versed.

I'm excellent. Robert the. Carpinteria. First time listening in perfect alright.

And just. So. I understand do we have on how many repeat offenders do we have this one okay. Watched a lot okay.

Cool now there's a reason that. I'm that. I'm asking that because as we go through the process of today's class and that's what today's class is even though we thought we promoted this as you know webinar if you're like most people when you've been on a webinar guy stands up here it gives you all his credentials and all that cool stuff that you really don't give a [ __ ] about pardon mission. I should warn you a politically incorrect language colorful metaphors are swearing offends you this is probably not the best use of your afternoon that being said.

I'm going to teach you as much no-nonsense hardcore stuff as. I can there will be an offer at the end of this of this presentation as is our tradition. But my prompt my my my commitment to you and. I'm gonna say this multiple times throughout the presentation is to teach you something my goal is for you to come away from this webinar with a handful of solid techniques that you can take out into the field right.

Now and put to work. So. I'm going to take you as far as. I can and the time that.

I have and. I'm going to show you where to go to take the. Next step or get more information if that's what's something that you're inclined to do is that a fair deal go ahead and type that in the chat room if you think that's a fair deal cool excellent. So here's how here's how.

I am. I intend to do this today. I'm gonna go through my structured presentation. But this is your webinar this is your time and.

So. I'm gonna add there's a specific point at the webinar where. I'm gonna ask you what do you want to learn most about today and. I'm going to take your questions into consideration and tailor and modify the content to answer the greatest cross set of those sections as possible.

So again you come away with something that's personal for you okay. So that being said let me just go ahead and. I'm gonna go ahead and share my screen and let me just do my disclaimers. First.

So that you guys know. First well my name is dr. David. Schneider.

I'm a doctorate in. Chinese medicine effectively. I'm thinking about maybe going to doing another one in energetic medicine. But.

I haven't decided if. I'm going to do that yet won't be nearly as rigorous as the one. I just finished. I'm out this year.

I was ordered the number one. NLP trainer in the world by global gurus calm and some of the court. I've authored over 15 different courses. I'm gonna give you my full pedigree in just a minute because it's part of the praising part of the presentation.

But what. I want to share with you is a couple of things again like. I said before if politically incorrect language swearing colorful metaphors or provocative language other word boobies for that matter offends you this is probably not going to be the best frettin most friendly webinar for you if you prefer real world stuff no. [ __ ] stuff you can take out in the world and just put to use right.

Away. Then you're in the okay. So again what. I'm going to do is.

I'm going to. I'm going to do the basic presentation at a specific point in the presentation. I'm going to jump to the offer. I'm going to present what we've got coming up for you this year and.

Then. I'm going to come back after the offer and. I'm going to continue to teach does that make sense and. Then is that fair.

So for those of you who have only blocked out 90 minutes for this webinar you will you will know everything that is possible for me to teach you in this 90 minutes plus you offer if you want to take advantage of it and. Then. I'm going to circle back and for those of you who have a little bit more flexibility in your timing a lot of our folks in. UK they they have to get up late.

So. I understand the time constraints. I'm going to continue to teach for for a bit more and. I'll try to answer as many of your questions as.

I can is that is that cool is everybody kind of clear on on my intentions for this webinar okay. There are some interactive parts this means yes. This means no. There will be a test this means.

I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh. I hope he doesn't call them you. Next okay.

So that being said let me go ahead and share my screen and we'll get through the presentation as quickly as possible and we'll go from there and. I don't like to use the presenter mode because it doesn't let me jump around as much. So can you also can you all see my screen okay. Perfect excellent.

So welcome to okay. That is not the that is not the webinar. I wanted to open hold on a. Second no.

That's not the webinar. I wanted to open hold on a couple that's embarrassing okay. Here we go. I think this is where we want to be that's it okay.

Let me try this again all right. Well welcome to learn how to build irresistible influence charisma charisma that you can use to improve your relationships your business and your personal life my name is. David. Schneider and aside from the brief interview introduction.

I gave you earlier who is dr. David. Schneider and why should. I care well.

First of all like. I said before. I have a. Doctorate from.

Pacific. College of. Oriental. Medicine and.

Chinese acupuncture no. Oil no. Medicine. I've been running a clinic in.

Solana. Beach. California since 2005 where. I specialized in treating physiological illness that is rooted in repressed emotion.

I've author of in the past three years. I was with him the top two. NLP trainers of the year by global gurus org and this year we were voted number one. NLP trainer in the world my course killer influence was voted the number one.

NLP training course by my peers this year as well and as you can see they've actually shown me who. I was up against and all the all the runners up for the course of the year. I didn't know that was kinda you know that was a thing. I just got that letter by accident.

I also have a 10th degree black belt in the martial arts. I have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kun tao the secondary blackbelt in. Kempo rue. First degree black belt in fong kuru jiu jitsu.

I have a certify a certified instructor in combat. Systema single mono. The screamer and modern. Arni's and what the hell does all these things have in common and what does it have to do with you influence two answers.

First of all pattern recognition and everything the reason. I say that is because every single thing that human beings do is is a pattern it has a structure to it you have patterns of thought patterns of behavior patterns of emotional expression patterns in verbage and when you understand these patterns and how they work within the human psyche you you can start to predict and influence human behavior in a very consistent and powerful way and we're going to tell we're going to teach you in this webinar how to tap into some of those patterns in those thought structures. So that people will want to do what you want them to do now the question is is this the right. Class for you and when.

I say that. III don't say that out of. I don't say that out of trying to be flippant or anything. But there are some people who view any form of influence as somehow being malevolent and the truth is human beings are constantly influencing people in many many ways and by definition the most important social skill the most important survival skill that you can have is the ability to influence people and the and the willingness to do that you can't avoid it and if you don't understand it you're going to become the target of it constantly.

So this class is for you if you're interested in becoming super attractive to the opposite sex and maybe even giving granting me of getting the ability to make them find you charming they're fascinating or instable if you're interested in banishing fear insecurity from your life and radiating confidence assertiveness and power make more money on your job. But more clients for your business protect yourself from manipulation and easily handle difficult people this is probably one of the most understated yet most important aspects of persuasion and influence that we can discuss primarily because the tools of influence especially the ones that we're going to be talking about today are very transparent and what. I mean by that is that if you don't understand how these processes work and how to do them yourself it becomes dramatically more and more difficult for you to recognize them and in a world where more and more people are gaining access to these tools it is far more likely than ever before that you will be targeted by these. So whether you actually ever use these in the field for yourself or not or you just want to learn them as a form of self-defense this is probably going to be a very useful a couple of hours for you okay.

Let me go back to my powerpoint or. I can yeah. So if you'd like to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to. So that if they naturally follow your lead if your and you any kind of leading or if you have a team or your team manager this is a very important skill the things.

I'm going to share with you today are directly applicable to that if you'd like to program yourself to create massive financial abundance with more than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some some of the language patterns that. I'll be sharing with you you can use to actually give yourself very powerful suggestions. But the skill sets we're gonna be talking about are gonna be focused primarily today on influencing social dynamics and social psychology and how you can use those things to create more of a charismatic lifestyle for yourself if you'd like to cause anyone to like you know.

Meyer you trust you even love you we're going to talk about a special protocol today that can allow you to begin that process very very powerfully and have them being feeling tremendously connected to you bordering on love in as little as twenty minutes if you'd like to nail job interviews oh you know. I got job interview after a job interview even if you're not the best candidate pay very special attention to some of the things. I'm going to talk about and cover on the webinar today you'd like to learn how to inspire your children or your spouse or your employees to be more productive or they take the trash out or clean their bed or are to clean a lot you know do their laundry or whatever this is gonna be very useful for parents as well if you'd like to surround yourself with lots of new trustworthy and loyal friends a very special attention to the three magic questions protocol and the. The.

Criterion values for emotional bonding processes we're going to be talking about in today's webinar if you'd like to be able to literally put someone under a spell that has them focused on you and hanging on your every word even if you have zero knowledge of hypnosis pay very close attention to what we're gonna be sharing with you in this webinar today these are some of the things that again mote many of my students and clients have shared with me that they would like to achieve over the years if any of these apply to you you're in the right. Place did you was there anything on this list that. I didn't mention that you would like to know about if that's true for you if there's something else that. I didn't cover that you'd like to get from today's webinar please type that in the chat room you see here see here um he teaches patterns maybe here uh that's okay.

How closely does this align to the metamodel from. Bandler and green ler it's the inverse of the metamodel for those of you who don't understand what the metamodel is the metamodel is a can interviewing framework that is designed to unpack people's linguistic deletions distortions and generalizations. So you can pull out information that they may have lost during the process of thinking today's not going to be really. So much about meta meta model in fact this should be something what we're going to be doing is actually a little bit more useful in social dynamic interactions than the model is in fact if you do them in a model improperly you usually gonna want to pissing people off which is not what we're about today today is about learning how to create relationships of intimacy trust connection chemistry emotional bonding in a very very compressed time does anybody.

Chuck says he can't hear me is anybody else having trouble hearing me. So. I'm speaking pretty loud well. I'm good okay.

Must be an internet thing for you chuck will do your best did not catch the replay that what the volume should be much better okay. Is there anything else that people were asking about let's see you're just scrolling back up alright. So that being said let's go back to our. PowerPoint oops [Music].

So once it now about 95 people share screen alright. So here's my pert like. I said before here's my personal promise to you if you stay until the end of today's webinar. I'm going to teach you the most powerful and direct way to make people like love and trust you.

I'm going to show you how to have people hanging on your every word how to emotionally bond another human being to you your product or your service and make them literally want to do what you want them to do now. I'm going to teach you in the time. I can how to do these things these are these pieces are parts of a much larger system which. I'll talk about in a minute called the killer influence and.

CPI systems these are full conversationally influence systems that. I developed for me 20 some 30 some years ago. I developed them like. I said most the technologies.

I do if. I didn't not develop for the public at large. I developed them for me to help me get ahead in life and. I found out as.

I went through my journey in this life that many of the people that. I encountered had similar problems to what. I had. So these are some pieces and very powerful pieces from a much more comprehensive system and.

I'll show you where to go for more information on that as we proceed through the webinar. So my question for you today is what do you want to learn about what is your biggest question that you'd like the answer to if. I haven't answered it or covered it in the previous little slide go ahead and type that into chat room and we'll go ahead and. I'll do my best to work those into the webinar as we go through today's stream which brings us to the question what is charisma.

Anyway if we look. At you know charisma means a lot of different things to a lot of different people. But if we if we go to what the dictionary says and. I pulled this right.

Off the internet right. Off oxford dictionary website charisma is defined as compelling attractiveness or charm that can inspire devotion in others as in she enchanted her death heard her her guests with her charisma they can make people literally want to do what you want to do another definition of charisma is called divinely conferred power or talent charismatic people are very good at persuading people and influencing them. But they do it in a way that is not that doesn't come across as coercive they do it in a way that kind of gives people a warm desire to please feeling as opposed to a pressure to to perform kind of a feeling right. Think of somebody who stands over you with a gun and.

I canna stick there's just somebody who just you just do things for because you like them and you want them to like you more that's what charismatic people do they can inspire people now that. Pat's a power that hasn't do a double edged sword it can be used for good it can be used for evil there certainly there are many powerful positive and benevolent charismatic leaders in our world certainly there have been despots and people who have used the power of charisma malevolently. So this is a neutral tool. But it is not one that is specific to a select gifted few the elements that make up charisma have been studied intensely for decades if not centuries and a lot of them go back to how you use your physical body in your neurology and we're going to teach you some very powerful kind of behind the scenes approaches that allow people to feel that bond with you in a very very short amount of time some of them are going to come across as ridiculously simple and you're gonna you're gonna say yourself dude that that's just too obvious that could never work you don't have to believe a single thing that.

I'm going to teach you today all you got to do is do it's that they're mechanical processes when you do them you will get a consistent result okay. So let me just look. At the chat real quick overcome fear connecting with personal power and influence to see in the world okay. How do you use hypnosis to help people on the issues when.

I. First joined on mobile was need to press join okay. So myself okay. So.

I. I'm seeing a lot of people who are interested in in like self work is that is that what. I'm kind of into it in here type it in the chat if that's if that's the case you need to be much bolder okay. Neal says anything else don't be bashful guys that knowledge this is your webinar you tell me what you want and.

I'll modify the content to make sure that you get it it's fear of influence please fear of influences a bit is a bit more advanced than this webinar is gonna be able to cover. So those of you who wonder what. Camille's talking if. I'm a sphere of influence is a physiologically driven distance rapport technique that combines your physical body your imagination and your intention to link with another person's neurology and prime them to behave and think about you in a certain way it's based on our physiological state control modules that we teach in.

CPI and killer influence unfortunately most of the people on this webinar don't have the prerequisites to learn that technique. So it's really not going to be helpful to cover it here. But you were asking influencing myself to get what. I want does luminescence and the four tones have connection with.

Killoren points not directly. Logan not directly although it is it is an extension or an adjunct or parallel system to what we do if you were to flee it's an amplifier to killer influence not much more see here. I need to believe it for it to apply and it's very difficult to do well if you could do it and you didn't believe it would it would that be okay. If you if you didn't believe it and it still work would that be okay.

Right. Because again sometimes in order for you to move forward you have to do something you don't believe in because and trust the mechanics of the process if you're not willing to do that. Then nothing that is on this webinar is going to help you simply because you're not doing it people can send out that's okay. That's not a problem.

I tweet about how to know yeah we're gonna we're actually gonna cover criterion values today one plus at what book. For intermediate level hypnosis would you suggest mm-hmm are you trying to hypnotherapy or conversational hypnosis okay. All right. All right.

So let's jump into this okay. I'm gonna go to my. I'm gonna actually go to my my. OneNote and we're going to talk about how to get maximum attention in time this is probably the one of the most actually don't want us to get you go back to my powerpoint and make sure that.

I'm still sharing okay. Alright. So talked about charisma now let's talk about something you guys are out. I just mentioned which is the.

CPI system and the. CPI system what you're seeing in front of you can you all see the dark in the diagram okay. What you're seeing is what we call the universal persuasion protocol this is a universal algorithm that we teach now each of these each of these layers control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process link to their criterion values each of those is literally a step that. I say let me see if.

I can annotate this. X. Box in here hold on a. Second if somebody's not muted sorry about that.

I get distracted by external sound. So. So okay. So.

First and foremost if you look. At sorry about that if you look. At this particular model control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process link to their criterion values that's literally what you would want to do in any situation or circumstance where. I didn't share my screen on that did.

I on a. Second people keep unmuting themselves or something okay. Very good okay. So let's go back to this alright.

So can you guys see that screen okay. So this is the. First thing you want to do whenever you go into any persuasion interactions is you want to know your outcome you've got to know what you want to achieve and how you're gonna get there okay. If you think of persuasion like a stormy sea where you know the waves are buffeting you one way the wind is blowing your ship another way.

But off in the distance you see a lighthouse and as long as you can see that lighthouse you can course correct you can know how to how to change and modify what you're doing to get back on track most social interactions have that kind of a dynamic to them things come up and take the conversation in weird directions and it's important to come in with an outcome the outcomes don't need to be super super complex they need to have some you need to know how you if you're getting closer to what you want or farther away from it and how do you know that you're getting. So. NLP has some very interesting a very comprehensive ways of defining outcomes my four functional work out in the field it's important to just know what you want and have some some benchmarks that let you know when you're getting there the. Next thing you want to do before you enter an interaction is control your state you must control your physiological state and state control in our world is means the ability to enter or exit any cycle emotional state at will on demand when you understand that the physiological state controlling the cognitive state control drills that are important listed in this level 80% of your influence is done before you open your mouth and it's and and it's a very important process to control our state control is something that a lot of people talk about and they pay lip service to.

But they don't actually teach you how and what to do this particular webinar is focused on conversational work and the end and the conversational applications for charismatic influence and. So everything. I'm going to teach you in this webinar presupposes an under getting a physiological and cognitive state control in other words you have the ability to enter or exit any emotional state that you want on demand now that being said you do not have to have the full comprehensive state control models that we teach in. CPI and killer influence to apply these conversational methodologies right.

Away in fact the only thing you need to do is have a playful let's see what happens energy a sincere desire to connect with people and these things will work for you like gangbusters they're mechanical processes all you got to do is just happily engage in them without putting too much stress on yourself with it. Camille is asking how the question about state control do. I get into that state that. I want to be in or the state that.

I want them to be in you always start with getting yourself in a state that is empowering for yourself. First and. Then as a strategy you have to kind of predict or project onto your onto your target or your subject what sequence of states they need to be in to want to do the thing you want them to do it's neurological priming it happens in the background much of the things that happened at the state control level are pre conscious in other words they're processed by the proprioceptive neurology and your mirror neuron systems. First and it creates inside the person an environment that is primed to think and move along a certain emotional vector or direction and the behaviors that arise from that emotion happens spontaneously usually towards toward your outcome.

So at the tactical or strategic level as an influencer you need to start thinking about that we call that state management okay. But for right. Now because we want you to just get out in the field and start putting these things to work right. Away having an easygoing fun playful let's just do this and see what happens energy it's gonna get you further faster and it's going to create the experiences in you that lead to belief in the techniques you don't need to believe in them.

First for you to use them you just need to have a let's see what happens energy and a playfulness to you and go out and just use these with people and what your and you're going to surprise yourself very very quickly because when you realize what. I'm about to share with you is that the methods we're gonna be teaching with you are actually the way people are actually primed and programmed to want to be communicated with these techniques are actually the most neurologically desirable and compatible ways of communicating with another human being okay. It doesn't have to make sense right. Now.

I will. I'm gonna. I probably won't have time to do a deep treatment into every single one. I have three three solid hard core things.

I wanted to share with you today. I can probably go deep dish into one maybe two of them and give you a light treatment of the. Third one and still keep them the webinar within a manageable timeframe. But the things.

I'm going to share with you are fast they're simple they're consistent and they're reliable and they're proven over and over again okay. What state am. I in right. Now.

I'm in a fun playful let's just roll with the punches kind of an energy basically because when you when you start dealing with technology if you try to be all professional and and you know old-school alpha or whatever you come across as being largely an authentic and a minute something goes wrong you get all flustered. So when you're dealing with things like this it's really important to be yourself to be hey if you knock something over pick it up if you have technical issues just roll with it it's not the end of the world that's how life is and that's how's the persuasion is when you're out in the field persuasion is not an exact science the things we're going to share with you. I want to get into this are probably as close to exact as you're gonna get there that in my world and. Then the world of my students they're that reliable.

So the. First thing. I'm going to share with you is the most powerful language pattern that exists and it's one that changes as the situation changes and what. I'm talking about of course is a technique we call the echo technique the echo technique is the most conversationally desirable way to influence another human being the most powerful words are union being can here are the ones that just came out of their mouths.

So let me go ahead and go back to my actually my one note. So. I can actually make notes on things and teach these things to you any questions about state control before. I move on to the echo technique just type it in the chat if you have questions okay.

Alright. So. I need one a. Second.

I have. So many choices on what screens to share that it's hard for me to figure out which page on youth which one. I'm actually using all right. We'll go here all right.

Can you guys see the. Second let me just double check this that's right. Okay. No.

That's not it oh my. Second where's my. OneNote okay. That's weird every one of those days when nothing just works the way you plan it okay.

We'll just have to use the whiteboard den can you all see my whiteboard. So we're gonna talk about the echo technique which allows you to maximize person's attention minimum time the way this works the most important words any person can hear person can hear any given time are the ones that just came out of their mouths okay. Now most of my students for those of you who have been my students for a while who have used the echo team technique out in the field go ahead and type in the chat how this works how well it's worked for you guys okay. When you use the echo technique you literally want to just repeat their words back to them verbatim the reason that this works in the this is as powerful is because when people go through the process of thinking their thinking processes and their thinking patterns go through a filtering process now because this a trans derivational search and during those and during these processes the information we get is massaged and it's modified and exchanged to create a map of our world in our heads now functionally we don't need to understand it for practical purposes we don't need to understand that.

But what happens is when people speak the product of their speech is a product of that that filtering process a product of those thoughts and. So if you think like putting the key in a lock the words that come out of a person's mouth are a direct key to lock fit for their entire neurology there's a direct connection to all of their emotional beliefs and values there's a direct connection to their primary ways of relating to themselves in the world there's a direct connection to the priority they give to certain kinds of information that are important to them and. So when you take the time to give a person's words back to them in as close to the order in sequence as they got or they gave them to you they feel instantaneous connection with you they feel completely understood they feel like you've heard them it's like a radar getting a ping you guys know how radars and sonars work they send out a signal and. Then that signal reflects off of the off of the of whatever the target is and.

Then the the the radar and the sonar. Orient's on that particular object this is how you men being worth the words we use and the principle itself goes well beyond work. But the words that we use are like little sewn arms that are echoing out to the world and we're moving through the world literally looking for a reflection back that matches inside or inside. So when you give somebody's words right.

Back to them in the ordering sequence that you they gave it to you it's signal sameness now. I have a course coming up at the end of. June called hidden laws of attraction we're not going to talk about it on this webinar. But one of the one of the key components to making the law of attraction work is having an internal identity that supports getting the things you want why is that important because a person's identity is composed of their most deeply held most powerful and irresistible beliefs and.

So when you give a person's words back to them it goes right. To their. But the level that comprises who they believe they are and what validates them as a person and. So the moment the moment you a person gets their very own words back to them they can't not pay attention to you it's it's literally don't believe me if you have if this is your.

First time on a webinar with me just go out when you talk to baristas talk to waitresses waiters and and just give them in words back to them as much as you can within the context. I'm going to give you again it's not it's not it's not a mockingbirds kind of a thing you have to have a sincere desire to connect with people when you do this when you do it people feel heard they feel understood they feel validated by how you've communicated with them and when people experience that level of the emotional connection to somebody they don't want to give it up because it's what they've been secretly looking for their entire life. So. I'll give you a really quick demo and.

Then. I want to give you a couple of quick stories. So. I.

First came upon the echo technique way back in the 90s when. I. First started my journey into the realms of conversation with gnosis and human influence and it wasn't called the echo technique back and it was just called pacing. Then.

But the echo technique for me rapidly became the flagship way of moving through the world and communicating with people and back. Then. I was. I was a career martial artist.

I had my school in calls. Fink. Florida and this is literally how. I would.

I would. I would enroll prospective clients or students the phone rang and. I would literally say good afternoon this is. Coral.

Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can. I help you hi. David my name is.

Bernice and. I'm looking for a ten year old. Crotty lessons from my ten year old son. Josh oh hey.

Bernice. So you're looking for tenure for karate lessons for your ten-year-old son. Josh yeah yeah great well tell me a little bit more about about. Josh and why and what's important you about karate lessons for.

Josh well you know. David um josh is a great kid he's really smart in fact he's. So smart that his teachers have actually moved him up a grade and that's one of the reasons. I'm calling because he's you know.

Josh is you know a little small for his age as it is he's moving up a grade and you know. I'd heard that martial arts and karate was a really good way for kids to to gain a little bit more self-confidence and focus and self-esteem and it's a good way to protect to know to protect you know themselves. I'm worried that. Josh's little.

Slama. I'm afraid the little kids and the bigger kids might pick on it. I see. Brittany.

So you think josh is a really smart kid and he in fact he's. So smart that his teachers moved him up a grade and you had heard that karate was a good way to get self-esteem and self-confidence and focus and you were and a way to protect himself because you're afraid that the other kids might pick on him absolutely and you think it can help me. Bernice let me explain something this is important you know karate firfer for centuries has been a way for young children especially children. Josh's age to develop focus and confidence and self-esteem and as a way to protect themselves against bullies and as he goes through our credit training program he'll rapidly begin to develop that ability to focus to concentrate to to be able to protect himself from the bullies.

So those bigger kids won't see. Josh as easy pickins they don't have a lot more self-confidence and ability to focus in his class now. Bernice. I have a special promotion that we're running it's a two private classes in one group class comes with a free uniform.

I have a slot available for. Josh today at 4:30 p.m. or would maybe 6:30 p.m. be a better a better better fit for you well you know. David. I'm 430 might be a little a little too early maybe maybe.

I'll bring them at 6:00 thirty because. Then he can have his dinner he can get at all work done and and and. Then we can do the lessons great. I'll just take some information we'll see you and.

Josh at 6:30 and. I look. Forward to talking to you soon have a great day click about 90% or more would show up just from that now if you listen to both sides of the conversation what did you hear mostly right. Now when you're on the outside looking in it seems blatantly obvious that what.

I'm doing is repeating a person's very own words back to them. However to the person receiving that communication when it's delivered in a congruent heartfelt sincere desire to understand and connect it goes right. In and it signals oh they get it they're just like me. I'm not sure if.

TJ is is like is my buddy. TJ on the line here. I don't see him alright. Well.

Then. I'll have to tell the story my my associate. TJ. Zeebo who you offer you sometimes see him in front of.

Ken. But usually when you're watching my videos he's one running the camera in the back not the ones before 2016 by the way because that was a pre. TJ moment right. And he went he never lets me forget how bad his sound the sound and the video work was before he came along.

But. TJ came to one of my trainings we. First started teaching the echo technique and he was like. Nate.

I can't work that's too simple and. So we had this girlfriend slash friend that they she'd been he'd been with for quite some time he decided to go over to her house and see if this actually worked and. So she ki walked in all excited she goes hey how you doing. Bubba because hey.

I just learned this amazing technique. But. First before. I tell you about it tell me about your day and.

So the. First thing that happened was she starts telling her telling him about her day and every time he gave it to you would echo her words right. Back about 15 minutes. Later into the conversation she looks at him and she goes.

So what about this technique that you learned today just. I'll get to that in a minute. I'm really enjoying our conversation tell me more about your day and. So she says this she says it back she says she says it back he asked the question she asks a question he asked question back going back and forth.

So yeah. I really enjoyed oh you're really good it yeah. I really enjoyed it and and they're going back and forth about 30 minutes into the conversation she goes to him. So what are you gonna tell me about this technique that you learn you know in a minute.

I'll get to it. I'll get to it. I promise and they go back and forth 15 minutes go by 45 minutes into the conversation he can't take it anymore he bursts out laughing she looks at him like what he goes you remember that that technique. I was telling you about she goes yeah when are you gonna share it with me.

I've been doing it on you for the. Last 45 minutes just yeah post your [ __ ] [ __ ] right. It was not really not [ __ ] [ __ ]. I've been doing it on you this whole time cuz no.

No. You haven't yeah no. No. Yes.

And and they're in - really yeah really and and. Finally she goes and. Then he goes to her. So just as an aside how do you feel about the conversation we've just had and she looked at it and she said you know.

I think this is the best conversation we've ever had boom now if someone was going to catch you it would be someone who's known you for years who knows the way you speak. But the truth is is that the echo technique is how. UN beings are hard-wired to communicate we're looking with the human neurology is moving through the world looking for itself. Oh.

TJ's here let me let me bring. TJ on real quick yeah mute. TJ. TJ you want out you want to add to that story now it you hit it that was the that was the the strong convince her right.

There because. I knew. I was going to get caught. I was like this is too damn easy and she knows me way too well there ain't no.

Way that this can work as easy as he says and like he said 45 minutes into the conversation it's still cool right. It does work this way okay. But you don't have to believe me just use it and and here's the secret you don't have guys like you don't have to get all. NLP ish like like some of the people do you don't gotta match their tonality you don't gotta match their volume you don't gotta match the speed at which they talk it's enough to just use their words and the closer you can match the sequence of words the better it works you can use the words as a question you can you can modulate your tone you can use part of them you know one word or two words if you can't remember everything they said you can begin with the.

First few words they said and what the. Last few and just drop everything in the middle. But one of the byproducts of this is as you move through the world people are going to bond with you they're going to automatically become more connected to you faster and the beautiful part about this is that they will also talk more they will talk more. So using the echo technique and understanding how to use that technique literally.

Porsche forces a person's neurology to actually pay attention to you it makes them pay attention because what's coming at them is. So neurologically desirable that they can't not and in again and when it comes to relationships. I read this. I read this phrase once and it stuck with me ever since the currency of relationships is attention the currency of relationships is attention the echo technique is the most neurologically desirable way for one human being to communicate with another and once you get it it will serve you everywhere you go.

I'll tell you one other quick story. I was teaching an attraction workshop back in 2016. I think it was a rapid attraction secrets or a real world romance workshop and. I had a gentleman come in he was really big in the survival and prepper community and the reason.

I mentioned that is because people who are in those niches are and. I don't mean this negatively. But they're largely fear-based that's they want to be ready and. So they're they're usually very suspicious they're usually very scared tickle their you know they disbelieve before they're actually they're actually believers they believe what you're saying is [ __ ] before you baby even tried it.

So. So. I was teaching the echo technique and he was in his. I guess he was in his late 50s early 60s his single man he had date that night and.

I said. I was teaching the echo technique and he's looking at me like yeah look. People get when it seems like. I smell something bad all right.

He's looking at me like nah no. Way. I said well tell you what just go use it come back tomorrow on your date tonight come back in the morning and tell me what happened he comes in the. Next day and he looks at me like remember that technique you told me.

I told you. I didn't think would work dude it works it works good apparently he had a very good night this is one of the things that again it seems like such a simple obvious tactic and if you think of it as a tactic as a way to just pull you know as a fast way to pull someone something over on someone it's not going to be nearly as powerful the question is does it work in different languages yes. Yes. As long as you speak in the same language.

I don't care if it's. English or. Swahili or. Aborigine or.

Chinese all neurology z' work this way every neurology on the planet is moving through the world looking for its match it's looking for itself functionally and metaphorically and the theme for everything. I'm going to teach you today is built around that idea and it let and it. Springs off of or it leverages this idea of echoing a person's internal state in the neurology it works yeah it works crazy intent it works in any it works anywhere that language is involved okay. So it works in check it works in text it works in video it works in on the telephone it works anywhere.

I use an email all the time all the time. So it eliminates the problem of making small talk because one of the things that's that's going to happen and those of you who've used the deco technique out feel. I testify to this yes. Or no.

In the chat when you use the echo technique with somebody they say just keep talking they talk more they don't shut up true or not true go ahead and type it in the chat right. Absolutely and here's the best part about that the longer they talk the more connected and attracted to you they tend to get the more trusting they tend to get by default because that priming process that continued self-disclosure amplifies their positive regard towards you the positive feelings that they have right. Yeah and sometimes the worst thing you can do is interrupt it okay. But the idea behind the echo technique is that they you you learn it you have to go prove it to yourself that this works and.

Then this becomes your baseline like a flow drill in the martial arts where you start with a basic moment like a metronome and. Then you break the pattern you do a technique you come back to your flow drill alright. That's the metaphor some of you may or may not get maybe. I'll demonstrate one shortly.

But it would have much more impact if that one one of the hacks. I used in my in my my doctorate program and. I use this actually to a certain degree in my master's degree program was anytime. I had a homework assignment what.

I would literally do is. I would ask for an example from that teacher. I understand sometimes people have stock examples in the book. Or whatever.

But. I would ask if. I could. I would try to get an example from the teacher that they gave a high score to and.

I would take that structure and. I would literally turn my product in verb a different content. But with the same structure and. I always worked and the only time.

I ever got a bad grade the only time. I ever got a bad grade was when. I be a 'td from that person's you know academic teachers are amazing rigid in what they'll approve they don't realize that they're projecting their internal world onto everything around them and looking for the matches now that concept that. I just explained is going to become very important when we get to some of the other techniques.

Later on. But everybody in the world that you will interact with is moving through the world projecting their interstates and what's right. Wrong in their world onto everyone around them and when they find something that matches they cling to it and they don't want to let it go and that for you is power that gives you an ability to influence a person to like you love you trust you believe in you and it gives you tremendous psychological leverage one technique can do all that it'll prime the profit little. Prime the person to keep talking it'll force their neurology to pay attention to you it sends powerful signals of sameness to your listeners it'll cause them to become progressively more connected and positively disposed towards you it'll make your listeners feel heard understood and accept you've ever heard the expression he just doesn't get me or she just doesn't get me or you don't get it that this will eliminate that you will get gotten every single time you speak and you will actually know the person you're communicating with better.

Then someone who's known them 10 20 30 years okay. It will match every single filter that they have for parsing and creating their own internal reality and it will put you in their reality in a way that they don't want to give it up okay. Very very powerful any questions about this technique cool excellent. So.

I'm going to talk to you now. I have two other techniques that. I can talk to you about. I probably have time to cover one before we get to.

I want to talk about some of the trainings and things we've got coming up. So would you like to learn about conversational frameworks or emotional bonding how to make someone like love and trust you in as little as 20 minutes or how to emotionally bond under your view your product or service which is better for you. Rob says it actually works when you're when you're fluency in a foreign language isn't it yeah because now you have an excuse to repeat their words it's a great you're 3m to get him off. But bond with service isn't me product or service motional all right.

Motional bonding which never went to sea laid the quickest. I guess. I know where system bonding okay. All right.

So keep in mind now where we're gonna go. Next we're going to talk about emotional bonding okay. And. Then we're gonna and.

Then. I'll what. I'll do is we're going to talk about emotional bonding and. Then if it's okay.

With you what. I'd like to do is like to talk about a package. I put together for you along as well as some some special bonuses just for people on today's webinar after. I've talked about that with your permission.

I'd like to come back and teach for another half hour 45 minutes after we've done everything else with that that means that we're gonna go beyond we're gonna be going beyond a 90 minute or two hour webinar is that okay. Is that is that something you're up for cool excellent all right. So let's talk about one of my favorite techniques and this is called the emotional bonding checklist or literally how to bond you're subject to your product or your service and make them want to do what you want them to do in pretty much any situation or circumstance now keep in mind in the world of persuasion there's no. There's no.

Such thing as a hundred percent nothing works every time that being said the things. I'm about to share you work 90% of the time we're better a nine out of ten times when you do this it will work it were and it will work well in fact the times it doesn't work is probably because you missed something in this process okay. So what we're talking about when we talk about the emotional bonding checklist the checklist itself relates to a category of beliefs that people have that. NLP has called criteria and values now functionally speaking criterion values are checklists and a checklist that we use to decide if something is right.

Or desirable in our world or undesirable in our world member. I said when people move the world their words are like sonar radar that are pinging the people around them and depending on what's reflected back they orient on it and decide whether it's good or not that echo location that we're talking about that those words that they use are linked to a checklist a checklist of parameters in other words things that have to be satisfied criteria for lack of better words as you move through the world you let's say you're moving closer you're interested in attraction. So if you want to date a hot guy or a hot girl you have certain types that you have maybe they're tall maybe they're brunette maybe they're well-built maybe they're trim maybe they're maybe they're not trim right. Maybe you like shorter people right.

Those are what week those are those are items on your checklist we call those criteria right. If you're if you're talking about business if you're selling real estate and you're doing real estate you may have a buyer you ask them you know talk about their perfect house they'll tell you well perfect house would have four bedrooms three baths walk you know walk-in closets a big kitchen close to good schools huge yard all of these elements are items on their checklist. But there's an emotional significance to each of those items on the checklist and. So it's important to know not not only the checklist.

But the emotions connected to them because way the way it works is people move through the world ticking off boxes on their checklist and when a certain number of boxes gets checked off the their body generates a feeling and they give that name that feeling a name. So people talk about all you know. I need a huge kitchen well huge kitchen is a name it's also a criteria. But.

Then you would ask them a very simple question. So just. So. I understand you better what's important to you about having a huge kitchen for you personally and they might say something to you affected well you know a huge kitchen is important because.

I have a lot of family for entertaining my friends and. I feel. I want to have enough room for everybody. So we can all get together and connect and and.

So we can all be together like we used to in our own house oh. I see. So it's important to have a big kitchen because that allows you to have you all of your family where you have a big family it allows you to connect like in your old house and connection is really important to you isn't it yeah absolutely. So.

I'm curious if. I could show you a house that we got a big kitchen that will allow you to have your friends over and your family over. So you could all be together and connect like the old time would that be interested in looking at oh my god yes. Can you see the emotion that.

I'm doing my best to convey to you you will see that happen when you elicit the criterias and the values in other words their emotional bonding checklist and what you want to do is you want to establish the elements on the checklist and what the emotional processes are that allow them to experience that okay. So you might want to get out some paper right. Now and write this down okay. There's a template that we use another to the two most important questions that you can ask when we do emotional criterion values or emotional bonding a what's important about that is the criteria question now if you can think of other ways to ask that.

I have found that sometimes if you change the wording of the question a little bit you get a different kind of information that's not quite as useful. So for beginners especially. I would use and. I will be using echo technique through this entire process and if you use the echo technique with it it's impossible to go wrong you also want to make sure that you you're creating a conversation not an interrogation and to do that it's very important to soften what you say.

So if someone comes up to you and they say what's important to you about you know the perfect guy you say well you know he's got to be he's got to be trustworthy and and passionate and successful and and you know loves dogs right. And and you could literally drill down on each of those things and that's what's important you about a guy who's trustworthy how do you know. I mean how do you know when you've got the guy that's trusted is that that you can really trust right. And if you're watching what.

I do with my hands what you're seeing here is that we'll call an analogue market now here's here's what's really cool is the act of eliciting a person's criteria and values their emotional bonding checklist generates an emotional response in that person and they're looking at you when those feelings come up. So not only does it deep in the report that you have with them it also links those feelings and those qualities and attributes to you automatically without having to actually do something like an analog marking like you're seeing me do here right. Will spontaneously do that you can add to it by using an analog marking which is a kind of a subliminal linking process gestures are very very powerful and important aspects of neurological languaging. So for some reason when.

I try to share my screen on my on my. OneNote it doesn't show. So. I'm gonna read this to you and.

I want you to just go ahead and write them down okay. A couple of things need to understand about criterion values there checklists in other words people have a checklist when that checklist is met the body generates a feeling and we give that feeling a name you must use the name of the feeling when you want them if you want them to associate your product or service to that need and that's what you have to do you have to use their words just like an echo technique to connect your product or service or yourself to that individual and if you can tell stories using their words that exemplify that. Then you will amplify and magnify that connection or whatever the state is you're going for or whatever the criterion values that you're going for. I may do a roleplay with somebody in just a moment if that cements it in.

But if we if you go back on the on the replay that she saw me if you go back to the demo. I did with the echo technique and. I was doing the phone technique if you go back and you rewatch that segment you will hear me say. So just.

So. I understand you better. Bernice what's important about and. Bernice gave me a list of things that were important to her and.

Then all. I did was agree i soften what. I was about to say and. Then.

I gave them back to her if. I wanted to go deeper. I could have said something to the effect of. Coral.

Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can. I help you hi. David my name is.

Bernice. I'm. I'm looking for karate lessons for my ten-year-old son. Josh great.

So hi. Bernice. So you're looking for ten-year-old for lessons for your fright. Lessons for your ten-year-old son.

Josh yeah yeah. David. I am can you help me absolutely. So.

I'm just curious it's important for me when. I. First talked to a prospective client to understand them better to know them a little bit and know really what it is that you would like. Josh to get out of martial arts.

So if. I could ask you a question what's important to you about karate lessons for. Josh well you know. David josh is a great kid he's really smart he's really sweet in fact he's.

So smart that his his teachers moved him up a grade and that's kind of what. I'm worried about because josh is not big for his age. Anyway and he's going into a group because who are ahead of him they're bigger they're stronger and. I'm just worried that that.

Josh you know might feel a little intimidated he might be a little scared and that the older kids might pick on it oh. I get it. So you're worried that that you know the kids might pick on. Josh because he's a little bit smaller and they're older and they're bigger.

So. I'm curious just. So. I understand you better what's really important to you about.

Josh being young to protect himself or defend himself against the bullies in the well you know. I was when. I was a kid. I was picked on and you know.

I remember being afraid and it really impacted my social life. I was afraid of everybody and. I was afraid to go out. I just.

I just need to make sure that my son is is protected and taken care of and if. I can do anything to help him that. I will oh. I get it.

So you're worried that you know because. York had done as a little kid. Josh might get picked on and impact in your social life and everything and everything about your schoolwork yeah yeah yeah and. I know that.

Josh. I know. Josh isn't me. But.

But. I know what it was like for me. Bernice you're absolutely right. It's horrible to be picked on and bullied as a kid and it can impact a person's social life and everything and ask.

Josh goes through our program he's going to learn the exact skills he needs to fend off those bullies to be able to stand up for himself to be able to focus and to not become an easy target and as a byproduct of that he'll move for the world being more socially outgoing more confident he'll school work will improve he'll be more focused and he'll become the kid that he really wants to be and he'll be able to know how to deal with the bullies that maybe you didn't understand it weren't taught how to deal with coming you a little is that something you like for. Josh oh my god yes. When. Lincoln when can we come in and and how does it work well we have we have a to less than a two trial lesson program with a free uniform all you got to do is let me know have appointment at 4:30 in that appointment at 6:30 today.

Josh can come in you take two lessons for free gets a free t-shirt if you want we can put them in a group class and see how he does and. Then you can decide how soon you want to get enrolled great. So which. So which which timeslot would be better for you.

Bernie's which is. B 4:30 or 6:30 how soon do you want to get started you know. I think. I think today.

I think 4:30 is gonna be better for. Josh because. I can you know he can get homework done. I can bring them right.

Over he can do his class you can we can have dinner and maybe you know talk about what he wants to do after we've done signed up great. I'll see you guys. I'll take some information down. I'll see you guys at 4:30 have a great day click now what did you notice what did you notice about the interaction slightly different.

But there are a lot of similar elements what did you notice you can type it in the chat. I thought you what yeah well again did you hear the emotion and that's how you know you're getting it when you do the criteria the emotional bonding process if you're not generating an obvious emotional response pupil dilation forward leans sometimes the eyes. Will water or tear oh um you you haven't hit you haven't hit paydirt now that being said it's numb it's almost never necessary to ask the what's important about question more than three times because each time you ask them what's important about question they're gonna elaborate on it criteria question is how do you know. So going back to our real estate example if.

I was selling real estate someone in and prospective client came up to me says yeah. I'm interested in buying a house and the real estate the realtor if they're smart would say fantastic. So it's important as a you know a service delivery person for me to understand you better and. I'm and.

So just. So. I understand you better if you could think about the perfect house tell me what that's like how do you know when you've got the perfect house and that's the question we're going for how do you know when you've got the perfect house and they're gonna give you a list of things you're good schools big backyard big you know large kitchen those are criteria now. I know if.

I'm gonna show someone a house. I better not show them one with a tiny kitchen. I'm gonna show in the house and better not show them one that's far that's in a bad neighborhood or not close to a school those are elements that. I have to meet those are things that let me know.

I'm giving them what they're looking for. But behind those criteria are emotions there's emotional memories and emotional reasons for why they want them sometimes they're pragmatic sometimes they're nostalgic your job as an influencer is to elicit those criteria mine them for the emotional connections and when you describe your product or service you use those words to describe it and when they give you criteria big kitchen three bathrooms walk-in closets you don't talk about anything else this is where a lot of people who are classically trained or or traditionally trained salespeople miss it because people are trained to do what they call features and benefits presentations and. So the moment they get a few pieces of data they start running these laundry lists at people throwing basically throwing mud hoping it sticks and when you when you start tapping into people's criterion values and you see that emotion engagement and. Then you veer away from it you'll see the lights go off okay.

So the secret to using this form of influence which makes it massively targeted to a specific person while at the same time giving you a generic template that you can apply to everyone it allows you to follow the same formula and yet customize everything in your presentation to exactly what's emotionally relevant to that person it works in romance it works in dating and attraction it works in real estate sales it works in insurance sales it works over the phone it works in chats it works in any form of linguistic communication where a dialog is possible right. So take a moment and write down what's important to you right. Now about learning these technologies what's it gonna you're not gonna. I'm not gonna ask you to show me what they are.

But. I want you as an exercise to write down what's important about learning these skills for you what's it going to allow you to do be have experience and. Then write down. Next to that what's important on that what's gonna happen when you have the ability to do what.

I'm just what are you gonna have what are you gonna see in your life what's that gonna mean for you right. And. Then once you have that what's gonna happen. Then what's what's what's important about that secondary result.

So for example maybe learning how to influence people using emotional bonding allows you to make more sales. So you can earn more money. So you can cover all your bills and have and take you know have more security for your family maybe it'll allow you to take vacations that you've always wanted to take to find you know to put teams together that have the same values in the same the same criteria. So they all go about satisfying one another in the same way and that allows you to experience more peace of mind or more safety or more certainty or more relaxation.

David's asking this could be used in cooperating 1,000% it can be used in copywriting in fact it often is and often in fact. I'll be teaching a class in. August in. Las.

Vegas for our workshop on utilizing these technologies in direct response copy and copywriting well you're on your way. Camille okay. You have the echo technique and you have this idea now the secret is now if you go back again. I gave you two very powerful examples of this both using a martial arts metaphor right.

Notice at the end when you go back and review this webinar notice at the end of that particular action. So how. I my clothes was very simple how soon would you like to get started that was my clothes and in 99% of my my prospect interactions with people that is the clothes that. I use because well no.

It's not into some it's a deceptive. But it's not jarring you notice we're not when. I when. I make the request.

I'm not trying. I'm not asking him if they want to buy. I'm asking them how soon they want to get started or what the. Next step another an alternate clothes that.

I would use is what's the. Next step we need to take to move forward and whatever they tell you is exactly what you do right. And the secret is when you when you make these kinds of transitions to closes it's just a smooth matter-of-fact conversation okay. Well let's just go over here and fill out the paperwork and we'll get you going right.

What's the. Next step or how soon you want to get started eighty ninety percent. Michael actually more than 90% of my closes usually end with one of two that usually how soon you want to get started because if. I've done my work right.

I cracked the chef's the nut of the shell and. I've gone inside to their heart and. I've looked at the song they're playing in their heart and. I've made a determination very very quickly based on the information they've given me what's important to them what they need what they want most deeply what they want satisfied and.

Then. I have to make a decision. I have to make a decision once. I find that information once you find that information you have to look.

At your product or service even if that product or service is you and this make a determination if you can deliver what they need deliver what they need because if you here's the thing you understand and. I don't know if. I covered this earlier a person cannot go against their deeply held values and criteria without experiencing emotional pain you understand what. I said there you cannot have your values violated without feeling pain physical or emotional they're the same conversely when a person describes or talks about where here's their criterion value is coming back to them they go into a pleasure state using a very powerful positive rapport state they go into a powerful trance and emotional trance.

However like anything that has real power this can be misused because if you understand the emotional triggers a person has you can link it to something that doesn't give them or satisfy those criteria or values it's very possible to mislead people and get them to do things that are not in their best interests. However if you do that if you do that and you use this power to hurt somebody those people will become your worst enemy they will move heaven and earth to get payback for you from onion okay. Karma's a [ __ ]. I know because.

I dated her sister right. So here's here's the tactic the technology that. I want you understand this is the most emotionally compelling way to present anything to anyone whether it's a dating context a teaching context conflict resolution context negotiation mediation doesn't matter when you make the determination that you can satisfy it talk only about the things that are most emotionally relevant to them mother's asking to me do you use this technique. I'm leader yes.

1000% you use it on everyone you use it on everyone anytime you can because it's going to tell you and what's important this will allow you to get jobs you're not qualified for this. I've had clients out there who have tested this. I've done it multiple times. I've used this in job interviews we have a variation of this we call the interview crusher technique that allows people to just walk into a job interview and literally emotionally bond themselves to the interviewer in such a way that they even if their resume isn't as good as the people around you they can only think about you right.

But you have to use their words and you have to use it in a way that. Bond's people to your product or service okay. Questions on this. No.

Okay. Is it okay. If. I jump - we've got some amazingly cool stuff coming up for.

July and. August and now that it appears that the. Cohen issue is starting to die down things are starting to open where we're moving back to our live event schedule. So.

I'd liked if it's okay. To share some things with you about what's coming up and. Then once. I'm done with that if it's okay.

I'll come back and teach is that fair the question was. Ahmed says can we use this to bond with our family members better yes. Use the echo technique. First get them comfortable self-disclosing and.

Then just soften and ask what's important about and they'll give you the information. But even if they don't echo technique is always almost usually more than strong enough to subtly stimulate those criterion values. So just using echo technique will get them emotionally engaged in what you're doing deliberately going after the criteria will get you'll even more go cool all right. So if it's okay.

With you. I'm going to jump back to my earth swell. PowerPoint and. So if it's okay.

Hold on. I got too many windows open here screen there we go cool all right. So who's ready to go from interesting information to a confident competent master of persuasion and take your skills to the. Next level.

I hope you are because. I'm excited usually take the skills to the. Next level. So for those of you who are new to.

Planet. David if how many. I don't have the chat room open. So.

I'm gonna go go off of what. I can see and what. I can if you've ever been to the. LP power web site you noticed we have a lot of videos we have a use.

YouTube channel we have over 50 some products probably available on the website many people come up to me and they ask. David wisten what's the best course for me what should. I go and. I usually go that depends on where you want to go and what you want to accomplish because there's many pathways through our materials and.

So what. I often tell my students at the live events when. I often tell them over the phone and what. Stephanie tells them when they call is tell us what you want to accomplish and we will give you the the the minimal number of products or trainings to attend to get from where you are to where you want to be in the most efficient time possible because if you go to our website you don't know what these come you know you're not sure what relates to what.

So. I always ask people what do you want to do where do you want to go what do you want to look. You know what do you wanna be able to do as a byproduct of your time with. NLP power and they'll tell me they're either going to go to influence and persuasion or they're going to go into some form of therapy or coaching or whatever and many of our courses were both.

But there is an optimal pathway for most people and. So the question inevitably comes up well should. I just buy the videos or should. I come to the live event and without hesitation 100% of the time the.

First words out of my mouth are come to the live event because at the live event. I can look. Over your shoulder. I can interact with you.

I can. I can modify drills. I can give you the sticking points and most importantly. I can put you with one person after another we do three times more hands-on than any other training system in the industry and people come out of that from zero and they'll come out heroes they become unstoppable because of the way that we insist on training you.

So if you get the chance to come to a live event do it. However. I also realize that logistically speaking some people can't get to the live events for whatever reason you know they don't have the resources they can't get off work their parents are sick or a loved one they have to take care of and in those rare circumstances where you can't get to a live event. I tell people get the videos and.

Then when you can. First opportunity come to a live event that's focused on the things you got your course on. So when. I put this webinar together.

I had to sit back because. I haven't had the benefit of speaking to most of you and. I had to kind of go on past experience and. I tried my best to put a set of programs together that would give you the biggest a huge bang for your buck and the greatest leap in your persuasion skills in the shortest amount of time possible.

So with your permission. I'd like to go ahead and jump into that and and talk about the very. First thing which. I mentioned several times throughout this course which is our killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis chrome study course this is 494 297 dollar value and this is a course that can starts at the.

CPM on that little target diagram that. I share with you and it takes you through the entire conversational-hypnosis process it teaches you the six unstoppable language patterns had a game rapport with people and transfer those emotions back and forth. So their neurology is primed to think along the lines you want them to think it teaches you how to actually you learn how to actually make people's bodies do what you want them to do as part of that training you learn how to get powerful report people how to make people's internal pictures be whatever you want make anything you want seem to cause whatever you want in the minds of your subject you're going to learn the most power in the six most powerful language patterns in addition to embedded commands quotes patterns and things that allow you to completely hide very powerful compelling stories. But you're also going to learn something that's not covered in any other course that.

I've ever seen out there and that's what we call hypnotic operators hypnotic operators are doing with nonverbal techniques and technologies that have the ability to systematically position you in the mind of a subject or cause them to think about you in ways that are usually beneficial to your outcome or or go we're going to talk about spatial hypnotic operators or proxemic. Atlantica operators how to sit and where to stand at tables that you automatically take on the power position we'll talk about the. Four. Horsemen of irresistible hypnotic influence.

Authority attractivity affinity in acquiescence these are four categories of influence techniques that when you combine them together literally forces a person's neurology to be compliant and obedient and want to be compliant and obedient you'll understand the dynamics of authority the dynamics of affinity and acquiescence and how they interact how the dynamics of one are different from the dynamics of another and how to cherry-pick and customize those technologies to get your your goals done in minimum time you learn very powerful self programming techniques and technologies that allow you to influence the most important person there is that's you you'll learn cold reading skills that allow you to make deductions about people and use those in your communication. So they are become more hyper compliant to you and obedient you'll learn about socially programmed hypnotic operators these are social triggers or social behavioral triggers that society and culture has programmed into you that like buttons you can push and people will behave in a very consistent and predictable way and you learn how to utilize those and how to be avoid having them used on you will also teach you about meta programs which are filters that people have that control what kind of data they pay attention to. First and how you can use those to make people want to do what you want them to do and pay attention to you in ways that are appropriate you can make people pay attention to anything you want you can call it anything you want to mean anything you want in the minds of your subject you'll learn there's a special chapter in that manual the killer influenced me on called er. T's which stands for dirty rotten tricks these are kind of great area attraction tactics and influence tactics that you can pull out when you need to and engineer very powerful influence situations it's all enclosed and.

I think it's a 17 to 22 video set combined with a 240 page manual it's a huge course we value to 1497 dollars and we highly recommend this as an adjunct to the technologies that you're getting in this webinar it's a fourteen hundred ninety seven dollar value we're also going to include our speed attraction rapid attraction secrets home study course this is our. CPI and killer influence influence technologies apply to the area of dating attraction and relationships. I've taught this as a co-ed class and. I've taught it as a one gender only class many of the techniques and tools and technologies in these courses are applicable to both genders okay.

You'll learn how to control your emotional state and radiate confidence at will you can move through the world like a rock star and people actually treat you like one you'll learn to understand the psychology and body language of the fraction and most people never will in a way that you can use it observe it and calibrate it you'll learn to speed reading people's levels of emotional intimacy you can look. It we call it the mating dance it's a way to look. At people and know just from their body orientations postures and. So forth who's more into who there are seven discrete stages of body language phases that people go through from stranger to intimacy and at five of those seven stages the women the woman is leading the dance at two key points a man has to do a specific thing and if you do those two specific things you can be taking her home or him home in as little as twenty to thirty minutes if you missed those cues the process can take dramatically longer okay.

If you screw up a step you have to go backwards you'll know exactly how to fix it and go back and fix things. I taught this originally as a way for men and women to understand each other both genders use this. So it's important to understand how both sides work the art we'll talk will teach you the art and science of cold reading for dating and mate selection will teach you the three magic questions at a deeper level that we're going to cover in this webinar for creating undeniable irresistible connection in chemistry we'll talk about vibing which is a combination of rapport social status and energy and why it's important for generating sexual attraction or romantic attraction and people instead of getting stuck in the friend zone we'll teach you how to case a venue and how to make approaches and get people in complete strangers and conversations and to scout people for attraction how to eliminate blocks to your dating and relationship success and a whole lot more this is a fourteen hundred ninety seven dollar value of course it is probably one of our better courses for fact we had people who had just come from other people's dating workshops come to this class it came in the. Next day after field testing it and they were blown away by how easy it was for people to it for them to attract the people they wanted one of my one of my ladies actually wound up learning the system she went out to the front lobby where a guy she was attracted to was working and literally put the.

Whammy on him that day and they were dating for weeks after that and she was you know extremely happy because he was like 10 years younger and she was and it went very well for a while. But turns out he wasn't the right. One for her and she moved on to greener pastures. But she she walked right.

Out of the training put the. Whammy on the guy and was actually quite happy with how fast it worked. So when. I say that this works for either gender.

I'm very very serious about that this is very very powerful course for $397 by you if you combine that with the killer influence home study course you're looking at two thousand nine hundred ninety four dollars. But we're also going to include stealth selling secrets sales and interview success home study course this is a special breakout. I talked during our stealth. CPI training several years ago and it's how to utilize the.

CPI criteria values and frame control processes to emotionally bond people to your product or service when ending job interview even if you're not the best candidate how to understand people better than ever before and use those understandings to help them get everything help yourself get everything you want by giving them everything they want it's going to teach you how to control your frame how to become how to come across as a dominant a subordinate unequal or any other type of frame you want in any end of your interaction or negotiation you'll it's not uncommon for people to boost their selling and conversion rates over the phone in-person door-to-door by as much as 40% or more you can learn how to motivate and select teams for better by understanding how to match criterion values with yourself and the values of your company you'll learn how to select the right. Employees by making sure that their values are the same as yours and the way they go about achieving those values are the same as yours you know if you're both we're talking about fruit. But one likes apples and one lines oranges you're going to have points of contention even though on one level you are doing the same thing we'll show you how to break through that and make sure you're getting apples for apples and oranges for oranges it'll let you take your business life will allow you to take full control of your business life because any place that runs with human beings criterion values are involved and this is the flagship course for really understanding and drilling down on that and there's a lot more in fact in this particular course there was a gentleman who came in this was it was his. First class with us he was actually a pharmaceutical salesman let me go ahead and stop sharing for a moment like a tell the story he was actually a pharmaceutical salesman and he came in with this.

Thomas salesman. I've been selling forever. I know how to do this and he literally fought us tooth and nail literally for the entire the entire program and what you see in this program is we literally use the criterion value system to pummel him into philosophical submission and he became such a proponent of this program that he went out into the world he started he started moving up the sales charts in his company two or three months into into applying this out in the streets his company went through a reorganization he got downsized and laid off within two weeks he had another job at more money better opportunities for some reason we had to we needed to work on this guy's job selection criteria because for some reason he managed to pick three like two or three companies in a row that within three months of getting hired they downsized and he was out of a job. But every time he was out of a job he had a job within two weeks because he understood how to go in and just nail the interview that he became.

So. So passionate about this system he did two things a he left pharmaceutical sales and went into full-time coaching because he realized that that was where he what he really wanted to do and if it didn't work he had the skills to go out and get a job anytime he wanted to regardless of his age regardless of the qualifications of the other people that's the power of the interview crusher method of criteria and values not only that when he came back to our subsequent trainings every time we came to the point in the training where we were going to teach criterias and values he would jump up like horshack from local. Beck. Welcome.

Back. Kotter and begged to teach this segment because it was such a powerful and important component in his ability to get the life in the lifestyle he won he now works with children and very successfully. But he he started with this whole battle of the echo techniques and. So if you get the stuff when you get the self selling secrets program you'll actually see us me and my partner.

James see to doing that and seeing him seeing him kind of drink the kool-aid. So to speak and he's still using it to this day. So. I just wanted to tell that story let me see here you go back to sharing my screen okay.

So. Steph selling secrets is an awesome course especially because it's it drills down specifically on frame control in other words how to change frames within an interaction how to be perceived as dominant how to be perceived as equal how to be perceived as a subordinate and how to how to modify those frames very powerful. So if you take the killer influence secrets of home study course 1497 you take that rapid attraction secrets speed attraction course valued at fourteen hundred ninety seven dollars you combine that with our stealth selling secrets program which. I really should sell for fourteen ninety seven.

But here it's valued at four hundred ninety seven dollars total value in this package. So far if you were to go to the website and run by it will be three thousand five hundred and eighty eight dollars we're also gonna throw in this is a really cool core of course this is called anchors in action people ask me a lot about the this thing called anchoring and people throw that word around like it's really useful anchoring can be extraordinarily useful. But the way most. NLP teachers teaching about anchoring makes it very clunky and not user-friendly this is of course.

I co-taught with my good friend. James c2 who's probably one of the better business applications people out there now this is a crash course in. NLP anchoring. So end up the anchoring is the ability to take a trigger and link a state or a behavior or a process to it human beings are anchoring machines we are constantly creating connections between our external environment and our internal environment and this course is going to teach you how to take control of that process.

So you'll learn how and understand how anchors work it'll allow you to control your states on demand and the states of others on demand you'll learn how to set anchor zs-- how to collapse and remove negative anchors from yourself you'll learn how to create sliding anchors which are anchors that have variable intensity like a dimmer switch or an equal equalizer you'll learn about tunnel anchors which is you'll be able to anchor a feeling or a behavior to a certain tonality you'll learn to link yourself through anchoring to people's buying processes. So that you can actually link like if they have a process if you get them to talk about a time when they had a deal that they were really glad that they made and you figure out the spatial location where that that feeling in that rememory is stored if you if you attach yourself to that spot that ank you've now stolen or harvested that anchor and you can use that and link them that the process they used to make a similar decision to you. So it's great for making long lasting. First impressions it's great for creating preset states of confidence playfulness curiosity these are very powerful social dynamic states that you want to have on demand in anchoring for people who understand it's kind of like the.

Batman utility belt for states if you need a state you create it you press the button and within to set to know 20 or 30 seconds that state will start to engage you learn the ins and outs and the finer points of basic anchoring and you'll be introduced to the more subtle in covert ways of using anchoring out in the business rolled out in the dating and attraction worlds and. So forth you can also use this to illuminate and weaken behaviors that hold you back close more deals get more dates this is a very powerful amplifier to the. CPI technology the killer influence technologies $97 value again under about under priced on this particular presentation total value. So far if you went to the website to try to purchase that today will be three thousand six hundred and eighty five dollars we're also going to throw in of course it doesn't on the surface seem to kind of fit with this package and.

I'll tell you why we included this many times when people reach out to us there they want to know about our speed healing techniques in other words they have a state or a body feeling that they have or physical issue and they're looking for a quick and easy way to alleviate the energy hypnosis speedily program is a video that's focused specifically on what we call our neuro somatic or our psychosomatic neural modulation process or energy spinning using the energy spinning technology it is possible to alleviate phobias and fears and physical and ammo no. Pain in seconds once you do we included it here because a lot of people have issues that can be very very rapidly addressed state issues really that impact their ability to exert influence that can be addressed directly and dramatically through the energy of notices speed healing program a lot of people who want to learn these processes are healers are come from a healing profession and this is a very fast and rapid deep dive into one technique that you yields huge amounts of benefits. I see two people have raised their hand. So let me go ahead and see if.

I can stop sharing for a. Second oh did not mean to do that it's well print is about catching learners okay. Yeah. I had to item modify this.

I thought about throwing that in there too alright. I'll go back. I'll answer the questions after. I'm done presenting okay.

So in energy hypnosis speed oh yeah. I see. I missed up the copy here. So yeah just disregard this this is from another another course.

But. I'll tell you what as an added bonus for those of you who take advantage of this offer today. I will also throw in our lie to me if you dare a catch a liar course crash course this one is really useful okay. And this will teach you the key understand the key indicators of deception 15 he tells that clue you in when people may be lying how to look.

At everything the body is doing and understand it how to understand men better how to understand women better how to eliminate behaviors that weaken your influence close more deals get more dates and never be manipulated again this is one that. I think should be basic training for every human being on the planet. But especially for the ladies especially for the ladies not that. I'm bigoted or anything.

But you know there are certain predators out there who make a career out of duping people that they feel who don't understand these particular skills. So for those of you who are interested it's also $97 value and. So for those of you who want to take advantage of the offer that we're making today. I'll throw that in as an extra bonus.

So total value is going to be over $4,000 or over $3,000 $3,000 for this. Next page. So let's review once again killer influence secrets of covert-hypnosis valued at fourteen hundred ninety seven dollars we're going to also add in the speed attraction rapid attraction secrets home study course valued at fourteen hundred ninety seven dollars this is our universal influence package by the way stealth selling secrets sales interview and success course valued at four hundred ninety seven dollars the anchors in action. NLP anchoring crash course valued at $97 we're also going to throw in the widening course.

Brandon and. Henry are gonna kill me valued at $97 as well and. Then of course we're gonna throw in that extra hammer energy hypnosis need healing rapid healing crash course bite of $97 total value today would be over thirty seven hundred dollars thirty seven hundred eighty four dollars if you went to the website and bought it today. However we're gonna add one more thing for those of you who want to do a live event and this is available for the.

First thirty five people to register today. July 16th through the nineteenth. San. Diego.

California we are doing our. Next live killer influence twenty twenty secrets of. Coburg hypnosis four day certification bootcamp. July 16th through the 19th and in this course we will cover every single thing you heard me talk about on the webinar today everything you heard me talk about in the home study course description and as well as some very specific modules we call counter manipulation techniques or technologies these this is a deep dive into the techniques and tactics of social predators these are the narcissus sociopaths.

Machiavellian dark triads you and traffickers these are this is going to be a self there's going to be several modules on psychological and social self-defense you're going to understand the psychology of travel attraction and how people hack it and utilize it to create very very powerful holds over people how they do it how it works and most importantly you're going to learn how to do it yourself and how to protect and as a result of that how to protect yourself against the various forms of social predators that are hacking these technologies and using them against you it is probably we have never taught a class as in-depth as this one promises to be we taught a few modules of the counter manipulation curriculum in. Las. Vegas. Last year people loved it they were screaming for more.

So we decided to dedicate an entire killer influence training to counter manipulation and defense against the dark arts of persuasion and manipulation tactics. So you'll learn everything that's taught in the basic killer influence course and a whole lot more it's a four day certification taught. July 16th to the 19th here at the. Doubletree downtown.

San. Diego. I'm told that it will be open and. So.

I plan on being there if for some reason the venue is not available. Then we will do this certification live our live. But online and the. Next and when things open up we will schedule a special killer influence training live event for you that's why it says two per one virtual live.

VIP ticket you get to come to the online event and. Then when we do this course live and in-person you get to come to that one absolutely free it's a two thousand nine hundred and ninety four dollar value and it's all about the ability to do the drills and get the skills total value if you were to get all of this today would be six thousand six hundred and eighty seven eighty eight dollars or maybe a little bit more because. I'm my maths a little bit off. But it's over six thousand seven six hundred and seventy nine dollars for sure okay.

That sound like a good deal wait there's more. So here's our offer killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis 1490 dollarz speed attraction rapid attraction secrets home-study corpse the stealth selling secrets maximizing business and selling interviewing and selling applications $497.00 value the anchors in action. NLP anchor crash course the energy hypnosis speed healing crash course let's put that light of course in there $97 value and of course the 4-day killer that's one certification bootcamp with the special two-for-one. VIP super ticket which includes a live event and/or a virtual event this is available only to the.

First 35 people today register and for the. First 15 people to register. Next 15 people to register for this will get a special bonus day in other words a special private group class with me. So instead of a 40 event you're going to get a five day event those 15 people will be locked in a room with me for 8 hours and.

I will answer every question that you have we will drill down and do hot seats on every sticking point and target that class just for your needs it's only available to the. First 15 people who register today the. First 35 will get the whole webinar package. But not the bonus day they'll get the four-day.

But not the 5-day. So if you're one of the. First 15 people you're going to get an extra day of training with me now that may be live an in-person or it may be virtual. But either way when we get back to doing live events which.

I'm hoping will be in. July you'll be able to come to that hands down now obviously this is a special offer. I'm not going to charge you six thousand six hundred and seventy nine dollars. I'm not going to charge you four thousand one hundred and sixty-seven dollars we're not even going to charge you two thousand six hundred ninety seven for those of you who take advantage of this special offer today you can get everything the killer influence secrets of.

Cobra hypnosis home study course the speed attraction rabbit attraction secrets program the stealth selling secrets sales an interview process the anchors in action and. I'll be anchoring crash course the four-day killer influence or five dick euler influence if you're one of the. First 15. August.

I'm sorry. July 7th 7/16. I got to change the dates on that it's. July actually.

I was rushing through this. So. I missed this it's. July 16 in.

San. Diego we got it all for one low installment of just 1997 or if you prefer you can do it all in three easy payments of just 399 there should be a link to your to your right. Or left there go ahead and reach out to. Stephanie a.

Brandon or. Henry it can help you out with that and. I'm gonna see if. I can pull up the chat and look.

At people's questions where the heck is the chat sorry about that guys. I'm lost on the windows check where's my check okay. There we go sorry about that. I couldn't find my chat window.

So. I couldn't see the questions okay. Okay. Let's see here all right.

Do we get this deal when. I come to. Australia. I'm not sure.

I understand the question unless you. Brandenburg okay. Where's the link got the link for all yes. Cool.

Bethenny says. I need to be in. San. Diego excellent okay.

So you guys. I was hoping you saw that. Davis. I did.

I did it took. Me a lot. I kept my chat kept disappearing. So.

I was like what the heck. So yeah. I'm just gonna give it a few minutes for people to reach out to. Stephanie or.

Brandon or. Henry there in the chat they can help you. I'm gonna go ahead and put. Stephanie go ahead and put your email and your phone number and the chat in case people have questions like or or other things we do what we don't offer payment plans.

So like. I said everybody on the webinar today qualifies for the regular 997 package the. First 15 to register for today will get that extra fifth. Donis day and that is only good as long as.

I'm teaching today the minute. I log off the webinar and it goes into replay mode that offer goes away okay. As does the. VIP super ticket okay.

So for people who picked this this replay up. Later you'll still get the peculiar influence secrets of covert-hypnosis course night at 1497 the speed attraction rapid attraction secrets program 1,400 $97 value the stealth selling secrets sales an interview crash course four hundred ninety seven dollar value the anchors in action. NLP anchoring crash course $97 value the lie to me if you dare how to how to catch a liar home study course by a two ninety seven dollars and the energy hypnosis speed healing rapid healing crash course also valued at $97 if you get. But only the people who are on the webinar now.

First 35 will get the super ticket the live event goes away when the webinar stops. First 15 people are gonna get an extra day okay. So just. So.

I'm. I'm you know. I make sure that. I'm not confusing anybody is anybody not understand what.

I'm what. I've just explained would. I please talk about anchoring what would you like to know about anchoring. Amy that's right.

You can't buy this on the website you have to go through the links that we sent you is that you're not gonna find this on the website if you look. For it it's only available through the through the webinar the anchoring is a if you think of. Pavlov anchoring is like a stimulus response program you can take you can take a sound a feeling a touch a gesture a word and link a feeling or behavior to it when those two things become connected one triggers the other and it because those an anchor the formal term when we talk about it would be operant conditioning. But human beings are natural anchoring machines they do it automatically if you've ever been driving down the road feeling blue or in a bad mood and your favorite song comes on the radio and all of a sudden you feel.

So much better welcome to anchors if you have a favorite shirt or a lucky pair of shoes or a certain ritual that you go through before you do an activity welcome to the world of anchoring these are behaviors or items that have a certain process or feeling neurologically linked to them. So that the activation or the presence of one creates the emergence of the other it's many ways to work with anchors human beings when they're. First learning this is one of the primary forms of learning that human beings have and we'll show you about how to how to work with that and how to operate with it that's correct. Stephanie okay.

Okay. Does that help. Amy cool awesome all right. So if it's okay.

With you. I'm gonna let's take 5 minutes run to the restroom grab some coffee and. Then we're going to come back you can finish making processing your orders or whatever you're doing with. Stephanie or.

Brandon or. Henry when we come back we're going to jump into a process we call the three magic questions protocol which is a process that will allow you to go from complete stranger to trusted adviser friend mentor or romantic partner in as little as 20 minutes if you rush it. But if you take your time it can take longer and it usually works better. But it's that reliable we're going to show you how to do that 1 plus 7 is asking me hold on a.

Second. I can. I go to expand my chat box here. So what book.

For conversational hypnosis would she suggest for an intermediate hypnotist hmm that's a good question maybe the one of the most user-friendly books out there is called unlimited selling power by. Donald. Moines unlimited selling power is probably a good one for intermediate hypnotist. But it has a more of a sales and business twist to it there's some courses out there by.

Bill. I think it's o'hanlan and. I really like he's got some good books on conversation on your. EXO knee and hypnosis all right.

So let's take five minutes when we come back we're going to jump into three magic questions all right. Ahmed's asking what is the best way to draw more abundance in our lives at the risk of sounding like. I'm pimping something there's of course we have coming up. July 5th through the 7th it's going to be a virtual class it's called hidden laws of attraction and manifestation mastery virtual bootcamp and in it we're going to talk to you about how to reprogram your subconscious mind to manifest abundance generate more luck more charisma more serendipitous events and how to remove your limiting beliefs to abundance and money and all kinds of cool stuff.

So. Stephanie has the information on that. Stephanie can you plug in the sales page for the hidden laws of attraction course if people are interested in that. I can and.

I will okay. Thank you and. I'll be right. Back.

I just gotta do one thing you you all right. It sure get your hablo get a drink get some coffee. So. G is saying.

Anyway. I was hoping it's on a. Monday bonus day. So the flight is cheaper yeah well we'll burn those bridges when we come to it we will find ways to to make sure everybody can get to this class and that they get the biggest bang for their buck from bonus days from the live events and.

So forth we're excited because you know as good as our virtual events are and as good as our courses are our live events are orders of magnitude more powerful and. So anytime we can do a live event we will choose to do that before doing anything virtual does anybody have any other questions from me. Stephanie is available in the chats. Brendan and.

Henry are in the background swearing off doing zoom wet zoom as a webinar format over again. But they're good people though make sure you get your products in the shortest amount of time possible and by the way all of these courses are actually 100% digital download and. So you get immediate access to them once your order has been processed and. Then.

Stephanie will reach out to you regarding your. VIP tickets and. So forth anybody have any questions. David yes.

Yes. Contact me for if you purchase a package. I'll be contacting you as well. But if you ever have any questions you can email me.

Stephanie at. NLP power comm and my phone is eight five eight two eight two four six six three. I've been putting it in the chat. But um the other thing.

David is the dates are incorrect it's the 15th through the 18th. July 15th through the 18th is the are the dates and. Then the bonus day would be the 19th okay. My bad.

I was. I was. I was checking the dates off another. PowerPoint.

So it's 15th through the 18th correct and. Then the bonus aid would be the 19th would be the 19th correct and we do guada was asking we the contract with the hotel is those dates. So. I'm not sure that we can change that.

But you know. I can always talk to. David and see again depending on the size of the group yeah if that hotel for some reason isn't available my client my clinic holds quite a number of people will move it to my clinic and we'll do it in. Solana.

Beach if we can do alive if. I have a choice between doing a virtual and doing alive. I will choose to do the live event. But.

I'm. I'm pretty good at manifesting. So we'll see what happens right. But we'll find a way to make this happen for you guys okay.

All right. Yeah okay. All right. So not being said are you guys ready to go into three magic questions protocol this means yes.

This means no. Okay. I'm gonna try to stop sharing your screen this is a good time to take notes because this is once again and we'll come back and revisit this at the end of the webinar. But.

I wanted to make sure that those of you who needed to go have me could take advantage of the opportunity before they turn into pumpkins and. So forth. So. I'm going to go ahead and jump out of the.

PowerPoint for now and let's talk about three magic questions protocol three magic credit questions protocol for those of you who are curious was originally designed as a [Music] date selection process for women to use on them yes. That's right. It was designed for women to use on men and if this process is followed properly you can make pretty much anyone. I modified it.

So men could use it equally well with women and gender actually doesn't matter it's understanding the structure and that's what we're going to talk about today because interestingly enough you can take this protocol even though it was designed attraction dating and romance and. Transplant it right. Into a business meeting context right. Into a jury selection process right.

Into a prospect client or prospect provider relationship and it works perfectly well if you want to dominate at networking and networking functions or social media functions this is one of the most important processes that will make you the most fascinating conversationalist anyone you talk to has ever had and it will completely eliminate the stuttering and the uncertainties and you'll know exactly what to say how to say it with anyone you talk to and you will simultaneously prime them to like trust and even love you in as little as twenty minutes okay. Now some people take longer. But in the in the test when it was run the the effects were felt in as little as twenty minutes. So that being said let's talk about this the three magic questions profile let me go ahead and close the chat real quick the three magic questions protocol is designed to stimulate the level of interest and intimacy on a progressively deeper level okay.

It creates in the subject intense emotional bonding or at the same time facilitating self disclosure in the listener or the person being queried it allows the operator to simultaneously attract analyze and make qualifying determination asked to the subjects suitability for deeper levels of intimacy and relationships or romance. So level one question right. Got a piece of paper write this down level one questions are location occasion let me see if. I can share my screen and.

I can diagram some of this stuff out for you this one takes a little bit of diagramming. So yeah well good. I can actually share my screen this time cool. So you go make this bigger and put that away.

So when we talk about three magic questions 3mq is a code for three categories of question okay. The each category in question stimulates a more primal and deeper level of the subjects mind creating intense bonding and self-disclosure in a short amount of time it allows you as the operator the person actually initiating the process to simultaneously attract analyze and qualify the subjects through the ability or unsuitability for deeper intimacy and relationships or interactions those interaction now it doesn't have to be when. I say deeper intimacy in relationship it doesn't necessarily mean romantic like. I said.

I have personal injury attorneys who are using this all over the world to create powerful emotionally connected juries. So that by the time the case even gets to court the jury likes the lawyer. So much that they automatically vote for whoever he's representing or she has represent this was originally designed for women to use with men. I've modified it.

So that either gender can use it by the way with either context during any context. So a couple of couple of things before we get into these three levels. I'll give you the overview of the levels the. First level is what we call location occasional these are superficial questions about the venue or the subjects reason for being there okay.

I'll give you a quick example one of my students came to one of my workshops one time and he went to a bar local bar that night walked up to one a woman he was he was attracted to and the. First thing out of his mouth was hey curious what are the what are the drinks that we think of right. It was a it was a was a non-threatening superficial question about the venue or the or the subjects and reason for being there now a couple of rules you want to follow when you're using three magic questions. First and foremost always ask open-ended questions in other words you never want to ask a question that can be answered the answer yes.

Or no. Because the moment they say yes. Or no. The conversation stops.

So everything that you want to ask should result in one of two things an opinion or a story understand that when you start talking to people people relate to one another through the stories that they tell and the opinions that they give now you want to be using the echo technique throughout the entire process okay. So you can literally walk up to someone and say. So hey what do you think of the band sorry. I'll give you some quick examples of superficial questions you're at a wedding reception what do you think of the band or a bar are you here with which we saw to you with right.

Of the groom let's find a good one go back to our wedding reception metaphor what do you think of the centerpiece um what's your favorite band weird little thing non-threatening questions these are again the idea behind a level one question is it's designed to redirect a person's focus of attention. So level one questions their purpose when we move this down direct focus of attention and let me see if. I can diagram this for you a little bit. So we can understand how this kind of works.

I'm gonna have to move this over to the side a little bit all right. So let me get my little handy dandy pen and. I'm going to draw this when human beings moved through the world they move through the world in one of four basics of what combination of one of four basic states they can either be internally oriented or externally oriented they can be associated or dissociated internal means they're in their head making pictures thinking about what they're gonna do. Next they're making laundry lists they got to pick up the groceries they're gonna take the kids with the phone to the vet they got to pick up the dry cleaning they're there in their head not paying attention to anything going on outside of it external means they're present there in the moment they're observing what's going on around associated means that they are fully engaged if you think if you think of video games.

I can you see if you're seeing something through your own eyes. That's associated. But if you're seeing yourself in a picture we call that a dissociated version now most people are moving through the world in an internal associated. State many words are not connected to anything they're not thinking about they're not present they're anywhere.

But with you level through level one questions are time to flip the script on that focus of attention it's designed to move people from an. X from an internal to an external and from and associated to an. Associated. So this is what we want we want an external associate and one thing in the world paying attention to us when we have that now all of the tools we've covered.

So far echo technique criterion values and the three the rest of the three imaging process are now ultra powerful because we have their attention without attention your attempts that influence up usually fail. So once again just like. I said before attention is the currency of relationships. But the only reason for level one questions is to get people.

I wanna sing up again turn off my my drawing program is to get people out of their head and in the world relating to you and to do it in a non-threatening way how does social get out in the real world people are very very very sensitive to certain kinds of questions and if you ask the wrong kind of question their defenses go up if you are to use a dating example if you approach a woman with sex on your mind even if you just said hello it would set off all her free forms okay. So the the the level one question process of the three magic questions is designed specifically to redirect focus of attention from internal dissociated to external. Associated in a non-threatening way in a way that doesn't set off any alarms there will there will still be in many cases some initial defensive. Nisour wariness.

But the more playful you are the faster those defenses go down okay. So that's the only those are the only purposes of level 1 is to get you in a dialogue with the person that is non-threatening that is safe that gets them talking. So that you now have things that you can echo okay. Let me just jump back to let me move this down a little bit let me stop sharing them good question questions about this.

So far are we are we good on level one questions type in the chat excellent okay. So remember in the old pickup in seduction parlance there was this thing called opinion openers opinion openers can work very well as level one question. But again depending on the energy you bring to the interaction and again doesn't using dating. But.

I have. I am very very successful business people and there and people in therapy practitioners out there utilizing this everywhere if you just go out and just make this your natural way of relating to everyone you meet people will fall in love with you just by talking okay. But level one is one of the biggest problems you have in social dynamics and interactions is breaking the ice is making me approach and getting people into a dialogue and to keep the dialogue going the. Next phase of love three magic questions is designed to take us to a more intimate level.

But it's still a safe level of a person's mind and generates passion pleasure playfulness trust chemistry and connection while at the same time doing two things generating attraction in the person that is answering questions and priming them to give you more information voluntarily in other words when you do this process effectively they will volunteer information to you and you can use that information to decide if there's someone you want to have a more intimate relationship with and again when. I say intimate. I don't necessarily mean romantic intimacy it could be someone you want to do business with someone you want to hire someone you want to have as a friend or to take care of your children one of the beautiful things about three magic questions is it it generates an extremely powerful practically irresistible level of rapport and bonding with a person and what happened is a byproduct of that is it becomes harder and harder for someone to lie to you and still be congruent in other words if they lie you'll literally see them break their state and break the connection they have with you to generate a deception and. So it becomes increasingly harder and harder for people to perpetrate deceptions on you when you utilize this process effective.

So we're going into level 2 questions and level 2 questions is where the real meat of the interaction happens in level 2 questions level 2 questions are questions that you asked about one of several topics careers passions or pleasures all right. One of the people. I. First learned that might one of my inspirations for three magic question was a man who wrote a book.

Called love trances by his name was [ __ ]. Vince key and in his book. When he was doing palm reading he says every man on the planet has an idea for a book. Or a business and.

I found that to be true. But now every woman. I meet practically also has a idea for a book. Or business now those things are very close to their sense of identity and their sense of desire for what they want their life to be.

So when you get them talking about those things they light up like a. Christmas tree okay. So questions that you want to ask at level two are always going to be about career passion or pleasures and the reason that we the original version that. I was taught you only ever asked about career because in in modern society you are what you do in other words when you ask somebody what they do for what they do for a living they almost always say.

I am a manager. I am a accountant. I am a neuro-linguistic program. I am a therapist.

I am a. Salesman. I am an entrepreneur any time you hear the words. I am what you're hearing is what we call an identity statement now remember at the beginning of the webinar.

I told you that a person's criteria and values are the pillars the building blocks of a person's sense of identity and self well what you do as a profession becomes part of your identity as well and that's why many times when a person loses their livelihood they also lose other parts of their life age their relationship goes south there is their estranged from their families and one of the reasons that happens is because when they lose that job they lose a piece of their identity and they don't know who they are any when you flip the script on that and you get people talking about the things that are most deeply held in their identity level they go into a profound pleasure state and they will run off at the mouth about those things and who are they looking at who are they looking at when all of those wonderful things are coming out of their mouths type it in the chat who they looking at that's right. They're looking at you guess who gets linked to all those amazing things right. And here's the best part all you do is ask your question agree echo their words back ask another question and they will run off at the mouth happily now certain things will happen at level two that you want to be aware of. First and foremost they will talk more let them the longer they talk the more connected to you they're becoming the.

Second thing is is they will start to tell stories and you want them telling stories. But more stories they tell the deeper into a love trance they go and they're looking at you and that happens. But when you're telling their story you must must must pay attention to the words they use when they tell their stories to you and when you do that. I lost my train of thought when you do that.

But when when you pay attention to their words a process is gonna happen in you you may have experience and say they're minute out with someone friend your doesn't matter if it's a date. But they're telling a story about this great trip they took. Or this venture they went on and as soon as they're telling the story your brain starts looking for any similar experience in your life that you had if you guys ever have had this happen type it in the chat if you had it happen what you're experiencing is what is a variation of what neuro linguistic programming calls a trans derivational search it's your brain search for meaning. But something else is going on on a social dynamics level and in our world we call that phenomenon analog matching in other words when.

I tell you a story about a great experience. I have or a great vacation. I took. Or a bad experience.

I have for that matter my brain your brain automatically starts sifting for a time in your life that was as close to what. I've been talking about is possible right. And. Then it spits that up to your awareness it reminds you of that time and.

Then you wait patiently for me to stop talking. So you can tell your story does anybody ever have this experience okay. You want that to happen. But here's how you change it here's how you amplify that phenomenon that's going to happen.

Anyway to make it uh turley irresistible when those moments occur and it's time for you to tell your story tell your story. But use their words to do it right. Tell their story. But use their words to do it and you will see them light up like a.

Christmas tree they will be stable just glow you'll see their eyes. Get brighter your pupils will dilate they'll lean forward they'll be hanging on every word the secret though is don't carry on too long because it's not about you there has to be a conversation that has to be a dialogue if he's both sides have to talk. But what you saying how you say it should always be they should always be doing the lion's share of the talk and they will want to and they will come away from that experience thinking you are the best most fascinating conversationalist they've ever had and they will not be able to wait to see you again now what's going to happen as an as a hypnotic operator as someone who's using this for its secondary purpose which is to facilitate qualification in other words you're as a as a person utilizing this phenomenon you are always testing the other person you are taking the information that they're giving you and funneling it into the yes. And no.

Categories is this something. I like is it work for me does it match me is that what. I want something. I don't want and you have to make some hard decisions at level two questions is this someone who.

I want to have a deeper intimate relationship with or not if it isn't either eject or stay at level 2 questions if it's somebody you want to check deeper moving towards feelings of intimacy and love and and timelessness. So to speak that's when you go into a level three questions level three questions are early positive childhood experiences. So a simple question might be. So.

I'm curious where are you from who are your friends what did you play at when you were a favorite thing to do right. Those kinds of questions take a person deeper inside their own history their own their own chronology and they have them access and open up their early prime primal memories and the reason for that actually ask you this have you ever met somebody that even if it's your. First time meeting them and within 5 10 15 minutes of talking you felt like you've known them your entire life it's like you could just remember them all. I feel like.

I've always believed you've all had that experience right. And for most of us it happens randomly when you take the person to level three of the three magic questions it happens automatically because a person's earliest childhood memories are the foundation of everything they are now when you engage a person accessing a memory you generate what. NLP calls pseudo orientation in time otherwise known as time distortion and when you have a person come up and start talking about that memory they access all the feelings that were implicit in that experience and they're looking at you when those memories are accessed. So.

Simon two things happen simultaneously a you link the the power of those memories to yourself that's one be you insert yourself into the memory and. So now you've inserted yourself into if they were you know 40 years old and the memory happened when they look. 10 you've now have that you've now inserted yourself with 30 years of history into their life and. So all of a sudden they feel like they've known you for those 30 years okay.

So be very very careful when you do this for several reasons a make sure that they give you the information you ask well in other words if you tablet of you let's say we're at level 2 questions right. And you ask somebody about you know what they love about their job right. What would they find exciting and thrilling about it and they start going off and how the boss is an [ __ ] all their other co-workers are jealous and lazy and don't do their fair share right. First of all did they did they [ __ ] did they give you the information you're a sport say no.

Right. Second of all what does that tell you about their world and the way they move through the world does it jump it does it doesn't paint them as somebody who is empowered or entitled who is a victim or a warrior who goes for what they want or blames people they will get just as happy talking about the bad [ __ ] as they will talk about the good [ __ ] because they're talking about their favorite subject themselves. But there's a difference you asked for a certain kind of information they gave you a different kind of information either way it's going to tell you something about who that person is under the surface and you have to use that imagine that information you have to use that amount information to decide what kind of a relationship you want to have because it will generate a traction from both sides it'll generate attraction in you it'll generate attraction in the other person the difference is you're running the program and. So you needed this mean you need to have the state control to evaluate the information that you're getting and decide if this is someone you want to have male female female female or female male no.

It doesn't matter there will be an. A and a. B to this a is the person navigating the conversation using the template person. B is the person responding to the questions and telling the stories and they're the person that you need to manage you're always testing the other person to make sure they fit your model they fit your world we're no.

Longer searching for people who have potential if in the process of using your three magic questions protocol you make the determination that they're not a fit cut the conversation and eject in a way that's socially not going to [ __ ] them. But at the same time you it helps you to to circumvent weeks and weeks of dating binge dieting new wardrobes the whole nine yards women love this it's a great process great process from men. But remember from this moment on when you employ the three magic questions protocol you're the prize you're the one evaluating the suitability of the other person and that gives you the power right. If you like what the person is saying like how they're expressing themselves and you want to take it further.

Then you make that arbitrary distinction to decide to go transition from level two to level three and although you know a three magic question process can be twenty minutes it can be twenty hours depending on how into it you are and you can keep somebody at level two four days four consecutive dates if you want to write. But at some point people tend to spontaneously spiral into those more internal intimate questions. But the whole three magic question process location occasion career passion pleasure fairly positive childhood experiences that's the template that you follow there's one. Last thing.

I'm going to give you about how to make this work for you and it's a concept that doesn't seem like a big deal when we talk about it. But it's one of the things that separates the truly amazing and adept conversationalist whether you're no. Longer a programmer or ericksonian exists or whatever from the rest and that is called softening softening is a way of pre framing and lubricating the question you're about to ask. So some.

I'm gonna go back to my power plan just write a few softeners for you. So you can follow this. So some softeners hold on. I gotta share my screen.

So some common softeners would be you ask you this. So. I'm curious. I was wondering just.

So. I understand you better softeners allow you to ask what would on the surface seem to be very very invasive questions and make them seem less threatening or less blunt and jarring okay. So these are just some examples. I would say.

I would recommend you write these down and. Then keep writing. But a softener is always a little pre-frame. So you might say let me ask you this.

I was wondering what you find most fascinating about what you do simple level two question another one might be. So. I'm curious how did you come to be an. X whatever it is there is an origin story right.

I was wondering where do you see yourself five years from now are you still doing. X or something better just. So. I understand you better it's important about this job to you you get it you see how it's soft if.

I were to walk up citizens what do you find most fascinating about universes let me ask you this. I was wondering what do you find most fascinating about what you do can't you know contract you know again say it out loud without the softener. Then add the softener to it and notice how it moves it doesn't make it less powerful it makes it less invasive and threatening it doesn't create a reactive response in the listener okay. Questions on them you do that you do the softening with all the levels level two and three especially.

But it's usually good to soften with level one questions do you'll never hears a secret you will never go wrong softening and what really really separates the powerful. NLP practitioners with powerful masters of conversation hypnosis and social dynamics is their ability to soften the techniques. So that they don't they don't trigger a reactive response in people there's a lot of times when you use one of the reasons that. NLP doesn't work as well as it could is because it's.

So powerful what. I mean by that is when you use their non-p technique on somebody they feel the effect of it even if they don't know what you did. But they know you did something and because they know you did something their guard goes up when you saw it and you've blunt and and and neutralize that invasive clubbing them over the head with a powerful technique feel and it feels natural feels normal and gentle and comfortable and when people are comfortable they become more they become less analytical of the things you say and ask them to do they become more suggestible to you you should always practice outline the fact it's it's going to be helpful for you to keep a list of softeners by your phone by your computer and every time you talk use them what would be an example of a level three question. So.

I'm curious you know who is it what did you love to do when you were a kid who are your friends what did you play out one of my favorites is who was your. First crush it was your secret crush right. Now be a little other and. I'll do a little playful conspiratorial it could you crush all right.

Who are your heroes well. Chris stomp out one of my my top students is a personal injury attorney one of his favorite questions when he's deposed or working off with juries is to ask people. So who did. I'm curious who you're here.

I was growing up who did you who did you want to be like when you when you were a kid right. Em boom the act of reliving and bringing up those feelings links them. Chris and he creates. Chris creates amazing levels of bonding and connection with everybody he does this on.

I have personally seen on video people waving their attorney-client privilege to answer his questions you know an expert witnesses for the opposition waiving the attorney-client privilege because they like. Chris. So much that they thought it was just he was just cool and tell them anything they wanted and yeah you would tell me you would use this at all levels okay. But remember there's a sequence level one transitions to level two gather your information and make a decision sometimes you'll spontaneously drop to a level three it's just a natural transition point in the conversation.

But don't stay there unless you're sure you want to link yourself in this person's life to that level and this is especially true when you're dealing with people who are narcissistic borderline 'he's have a lot of codependency issues because if you do this with people who have those kind of fuses you may wind up with a stalker base this this process creates a very very deep very very powerful intimate connection with people that is not easy to break. So use them with respect part mine my ichinose use them with respect and always be testing never never transition to level 3 if you have any doubt about this person you can get pretty much anything you want from level 1 and 2 you don't need to lock them in at a level 3 question unless someone you really want to be a more intimate part of your life does that make sense cool all right. So. I see there's an 89.

SM. So um do you have any other questions about any of the processes we talked about the echo technique the criterion values process three magic questions protocol okay. Either any one of them by themselves is awesome when you combine these you're gonna you're gonna radiate and exude confidence charisma connection people are gonna make excuses to hang out with you more. But don't believe me take the echo technique go out into the world and play with it and watch what happens watch what happens with people okay.

But be respectful okay. As simple as the echo technique is you start using this on your waiter your baristas your waiters they tend to like you a lot which means they'll spend a lot of time talking to you which in the end might bring you a free dessert. But it could also get them fired because they'll start ignoring the other customers. So utilize this process all of these processes in a fun playful exploration away and pay attention to the results that you get and try to get caught try to get caught okay.

So question pass yeah yeah absolutely let's say question was can you please go over how to link their emotion to your product or service in the emotional bonding process absolutely let's say we're talking about a house all right. And actually let's go back to our martial arts movie okay. And. I know my.

I know my clients words. I know. I know what's important to them and. I'll say.

Bernice what's really important is as as josh goes through our process rapidly discover all the many powers and abilities that martial arts gives to them and held in such a way that he'll spontaneously develop a greater sense of self-confidence in self-esteem his focus will automatically begin to to exponentially grow and he'll be focused laser targeted and being able to take in more information powerfully because the martial arts allows people to integrate their mind in their body and their breath in ways that amplify a person's natural ability to focus and pay attention which leads to a liberator level of self esteem because they learn faster they feel smarter and when they gain that ability to absolutely protect themselves and stand up to those bullies they feel better about themselves physically which translates into more confidence safety and security which they've took. Better life socially academically and professionally he'll be the best version of himself naturally as a byproduct of all the amazing things that working through our martial arts program will do for. So that being said what's the. Next step we need to take to get.

Josh on that path get it no. Problem it's actually quite easy when you have their words because all you have to do is let is say their word and and and point out the aspect of your product or service that directly gives it to them. So as a product of learning how to break boards he'll learn focus and confidence and that he can summon up his inner power as a by learning are more specialized breathing patterns they'll automatically have more focus and concentration that will equate to his ability to do better in school and his abilities he learns how to punch and kick and and how and when to use these and self-defense skills he'll be more confident and know exactly when to stand up for himself when it's worth fighting for and when it is and. So he'll naturally be able to protect himself socially mentally and physically right.

So you have their words you have the aspects of your product or service in your language to keep them connected and the longer you do that the more they'll tend to do business with you by default now when you're utilizing criterion values in a romance context it's not enough to just have them talk about it that'll get the ball rolling. But when they start describing the characteristics of their ideal person you must now embody and express those traits and qualities and characteristics and you must do things behaviorally that they they classify as embodying or representing those attributes and. So the more you get them to talk about things they've done if they enjoy with other people the more you can start to model that and embody it now that being said be very careful because the harder you have to work to attract somebody generally speaking the harder you have to work to keep them and. So criterion value has also been from you magic question becomes a very powerful way to find the best matches for you that give you the sense of this is the right.

Person for me okay. Instead of running west looking for sunrise. I usually say how do you ask for someone to share the care. I usually start by self disclosing you know when.

I. First you know you remind me of a person. I used to date a long time ago. I really are a really close friend that.

I had a long time ago and and you talk about your past relationships you see one of the things that. Prime's people to self-disclose is self disclosure. So if. I lead with something intimate that signals a desire for intimacy on on my part and it triggers an intimacy response this is actually a lot of dates go wrong because women in their quest for intimacy self disclose and men in their quest for sex overly self disclose and the problem is neither one listens women actually listen better than men.

But like a lot of times when a woman really likes a guy. I mean really likes a guy and they go out she'll start talking nonstop about all the things that are very private and very personal very important to her and for men she never hears from them again because you know she's talking about her what she thinks about in relationships where she wants what she wants out of life and he's thing oh my god she wants to marry me right. On the. First date and.

So you never hear from them again and the reason for that is is that men can't handle the level of self-disclosure that women automatically give in their quest for intimacy in connection and. So it scares the man off. So women have to be a little bit less self disclosing and and usually at a certain psychographic of women for whom is it using these women are very aggressive or asserted and their desire to get someone think when they see a person they're attracted they go after them and usually what it's scaring them away one of the reasons is because of the too much disclosure for a guy you have to feed guys in little sips of intimacy men kind of air on the other side they don't want to reveal anything that might be construed as weakness or person or or intimate or potentially embarrassing. But when you when a man does that it demonstrates strength of character someone who's willing to be open and it opens the floodgates to intimacy and sexuality.

So there's a different s there's a different way of priming people to self-disclose the best way to do it is by going. First if you want to to give a. Korean intimate interaction start by giving something that is unusual or unique in my advanced course and killer influence we have what we call the 36 magic bullets 36 magic bullets are 36 very specific questions that if you do at least nine of them and both sides of the conversation answer these questions in the course of a 90-minute period a lot of these people wind up getting into long-term relationships and it was a question. I set a question that was discovered by accident by social scientists who were trying to research something else and they created this tool about them researched is something else and didn't realize what being done with these 36 questions.

So. I've modified those as an extension of the three magic questions process and. So and they're all about self disclosure and discussing very non usual topics. So.

But that's how you get people to kind of transition into those things my teasing you with a tool of course. I told you what. I was teaching you as part of the system. I'm giving you some some gold chunks.

But there there's a whole system here that that we developed and we've been testing to. Last 15 years. But most a lot of you there's a lot of you are veterans. But a lot of you have never heard from don't know.

David. Schneider from. Al and. So my job in this webinar is to give you something real something you can take a hold of go out into the field and prove it to yourself and when you're ready for the.

Next step you know where to go if you've already had some experience or you're ready to go to the. Next step just click the link that we're going to talk about the grab the package that we just finished talking about earlier and get one of those bonus seats get that extra day of personal one-on-one work with me and we'll get you from where you are to where you want to be in the shortest amount of time possible there's always going to be more to learn and what's in a couple of things that. I want you to meet nothing else away from the webinar in the realm of persuasion and influence it's not how much you know it's what you do with what you have that's important it's what you do with what you have the other piece is that in the realm where most people know nothing a little bit of properly applied information changes that it changes the day if you learn nothing from this webinar. But the echo technique your life is going to change don't believe me go play with it if you just use the criterion values elicitation the emotional bonding checklist your life is going to change you're going to make more money you're gonna find better friends you're gonna hire better employees you're gonna get hired by better companies you're gonna lead your team's more effectively your life is going to change if you just do the three magic questions protocol you will know people better faster and create deeper longer lasting connections anywhere under any circumstance anytime you use it you'll be able to automatically generate attraction and sort people into categories that allow you to decide who gets the primary real estate in your life you can combine them you get a hold of trade in the southern parts right.

And that's my goal my goal is to bring you in teach you something real show you where to go for more and. I hope. I've done that okay. So real quick if it's okay.

I just like to review that offer that we talked about earlier some of you might have missed it he checked in earlier hold on a. Second. So for today only guys you can get a complete home study package which is our killer influence secrets of. Cobra hypnosis home study course died one thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars we'll also throw in the speed attraction rapid attraction secrets home study course guide at one thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars we'll also give you the stealth selling secrets sales and interview success crash course $197 value we're gonna throw in the anchors in action and.

I'll be anchoring crash course which teaches you the nuts and bolts of. NLP style anchoring and how to modify it for business applications will teach any energy hypnosis speed healing rapid healing secrets course guide at $97 we're also going to throw in the lie to me if you dare dare home-study course also valued at $97 and for those of you who are among the. First 35 to enrolling in for the end of the webinar we're gonna throw in a super. VIP ticket for our 4-day killer influence certification the live bootcamp here in.

San. Diego and it was you said it was. July 15th to 18th and those who are the. First 15 to register you're going to get an extra bonus day on.

July 19th where we sit down for eight hours and it's just you me and a small group of people and we're gonna we're gonna drill down on your specific persuasions sticking points we're going to customize persuasion plans will go into topics and and methodologies that we didn't maybe cover during the regular class we're going down deeper on things it's your private mentoring class and it's only going to be it's going to be a limited group. So total value if you were to try to get that whole cone that doesn't even count the extra value on the fifth bonus day total value would try to buy this on the website which you can't at least six thousand six hundred and seventy nine dollars we're not going to charge that we're not even gonna charge it four thousand one hundred and sixty seven we're not going to charge it two hundred two thousand six hundred ninety seven you can get all of this for one low price or one low installment of nine ninety seven or three easy installments of just three ninety-nine. So. Stephanie's waiting to take your hold on a.

Second it's definitely is waiting to take your order or to answer any questions that you have. I'm just mom don't mind me. I'm just. I had to rush through this.

PowerPoint before today's webinar. So. I didn't get to make a lot of the changes. I wanted to make.

So. I'm finding all my books that didn't work and again that course will be taught live and we're assuming right. Now that the hotel will be available. So we plan on being blood seed seats if not we will be doing it live virtually you can click the link to your right.

There and again you can do it in one blow installment of 997 or you can do three payments at 399 and that will reserve your spot remember that the the the. VIP ticket offer goes away when the webinar ends. So if you're on live this is your only chance to get one of those live. VIP tickets people who've watched your new replay you'll need more than you you're more than welcome to purchase the video courses.

But the live event think it will not be available okay. It will not be available and while. I'm hanging out. I'll pull up my chat and.

I'll take any questions that people might have as soon as. I can find my chat for some reason my chats not showing up there we go. So me. Hulk.

Oh people love people messaging me privately thank you. David. I've been falling. YouTube videos for years it was a lady when.

I saw your seminar. I saw many like many of this time. I'm okay. Is there a specific order to go through the lessons dan.

I would start with killer influence. Then. I would and. Then depending on whether you're more focused on attraction applications or business.

Then. I would transition either go from killer influence to speed attraction or killer influence to stealth selling secrets and. Then circle back and. Then do anchors in action and.

Then follow up with whatever course you didn't get. So again there's two funnels if you're if you focused on business cap business applications let me play this in the chatroom if you're focused on business apps sales marketing whatever go killer influence. Then you go stealth selling secrets and. I will do anchors in action circle back and do rapid.

Attraction secrets if you're. Finally focused on romantic applications. I will start with killer influence transition to rapid. Attraction secrets follow up with anchors in action else actually.

I would actually do energy hypnosis here and the reason for that is because energy hypnosis is something that you can actually who's out in the field to get rid of stage fright. Nervousness you can also use it as a way to enhance pleasure and do really cool hypnotic things out in the field. So. I would.

I would play with that and. Then. I would and. Then.

I would come back and finish with scout selling circuit. So that optimally that there you're two tracks right. There yeah and. I forgot about lie to me lie to me would probably be good right.

After a killer influence. So. I would do killer influence lie to me if you dare and. Then either spell selling or rapid.

Attraction seekers. But those would be the two ways. I would organize the material depending on what your what your priority is if you know you're interested in seduction and attraction applications go with the former or the latter rather if you're interested in business and marketing sales persuasion mediation presentation do narcissists have your skills gnashing do they know they're using them many narcissists do possess a lot of these skills. But actually they're far more manipulative and a lot of them don't know what they do that makes them makes them effective.

But a lot of them do many of these things naturally. However there are certain behavioral characteristics and the wet and the way people respond in conversation that flag them as narcissists and in the live training that we'll be doing in. July we'll be covering all 22 of them. So that while you're doing free magic questions protocol or interacting with them and the moment they start lapsing into these behaviors you'll automatically red flags will go off left and right.

There will be some required reading for the encounter manipulation portions. So be very aware of that if someone is using this on us what should we do decide if you want they're selling you know that's that's the big thing that that these tools give you more than anything else is the gift of awareness and what. I mean by that is. I tell my students of influencing and when you come to.

Killer influence in. July either virtually or in person one of my jobs as a teacher is to teach you how to become more aware aware of yourself internally and externally aware of the world around you because anything that's outside of your awareness is outside of your control write that down anything that's outside of your awareness is outside of your control now just because it's outside of your awareness doesn't mean it isn't influencing you doesn't mean it's not having an effect. So the courses we teach are designed to do several things to make you aware of these technologies and to give you the ability to perceive them because once you proceed what's being done you can get to choose how to respond without that awareness there is no. Choice it's only a matter of time before these influences affect you.

So part of our job and. NLP power is to make sure you have the ability to perceive and respond appropriately if after you become aware of what a person is doing you decide in spite of their or be cut you know you know in addition to the influence they're exerting that you want what they're selling or what they're offering go into it with an informed mindset if. However you don't you no. Longer at the mercy of those techniques or that individual you have things you can do and you can turn tails on them you can metamodel the daylights out of them there's always something you can do between a gate the influence being exerted at you if you know how to exert the influence in the.

First place if you don't know how to exert the influence in the. First place the best thing you can do is leave the rope get out of the interaction because it's only a matter of time the longer you interact the more likely you are to move towards agreement and those of you who've been the killer influence and been through the drills we shown you that that is a that is a physics principle not a psychological okay. The persuasion that you're learning is as reliable as the laws of physics is. So yes.

There actually there's actually well the very. First self-care component. I ever put and an influence program was killer influence and there's a whole whole chapter on software and self-programming. So yeah yeah killer influence more.

So than the. CPI systems which we'll talk about at a different level see here okay. Anybody else see a leak. Addison.

I keep thinking. I might not learn something. But as always learning more and more every time. I'm around you thanks as always.

I almost always feel guilty for all these gold nuggets you're giving out. But. I'm pampering my. Ally's one of our platinum members she's uh she's joined us for a whole whole years at a time.

So she can tell you she's probably a great success story if you're interested and just what these technologies can do for your interpersonal level as well as a personal level and we have a bunch of people online who are you know feel free to share alright. So any other questions before. I turn you loose. I'm going to go through that that offer one.

Last time and. Then. I'm going to head off into the great beyond something. Sergio says.

I know is no. Topic. But what would be your recommend on healing course. I for you.

Sergio. I would start with identity by design jump into regression and. Then vibrational influence or vibrational healing specifically those would be the best three we we don't have a vibrational healing class scheduled for 2020. But we do have the hidden laws of attraction class coming on.

June 5th through the seven and that will have a remote healing component because it's based on manifestation which. Then you can manifest healing. So we're gonna be teaching some some remote healing and energy healing techniques in there as well as a lot of self-care work and months subconscious reprogramming processes. So if you're interested in healing stuff that's going to be the soonest one we also have a four day identity by design training coming up.

August in. Las. Vegas and definitely can give you the information on that that's it that's a five day course compressed to four. So expect an intense four days and we'll take you from beginner to unstoppable in those four days you'll be able to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere and heal the vast majority of things you encounter that's what it's for they have no.

Therapy certification is there a live one for the hidden laws of attraction right. Now it's only virtual there we have no. Venue set up we don't have any intentions. I may not teach you in laws of attraction for another ten years.

I created the course as a digital course back in 2014 2013. I have never talked the entire hidden laws of attraction system openly to the public outside of that course this will be the. First time that. I'm teaching it to a live audience and adding in all the stuff we've discovered since 2013.

So there's gonna be a lot of things that didn't make it into the original home study course that we created and the original homestead of course you'll also get as a bonus is not one course it's actually five courses that. I taught to live audiences put together as the hidden laws of attraction in this upcoming virtual bootcamp. June 5th through the 7th we're teaching the entire thing is one big curriculum. So you'll get the entire process and you'll be able to manifest dramatically crazy things in fact there's some people on here who've used like our image cycling techniques and things like that to manifest some crazy stuff and anybody here use the image cycling processes to manifest them type it in the chat which five are they attraction mastery attractive ation get lucky for life money magnet mastery hidden laws of mental dynamics and.

Then we're adding new one in this training which is all about the ultimate manifestation that velocity teaching stems techniques for uncovering and reprogramming beliefs crash nation blaster and how to do interrogative affirmation which is a state control and interrogative affirmation which is a new way of doing affirmations that allows you to manifest things faster and we're probably spinning to can use these techniques remotely. I yes. You can fact a lot of my zoom my zoom students are discovering that a lot of this. Jedi whoo-hoo state control stuff that they thought only worked in the seminar room where it's dramatically well over a.

Skype connection even with the video off. So we've actually got people on video now who are doing this stuff on people with the video off and having dramatic effects it's amazing it really we call we do. Jedi school right. And we called it and we teach you about these things we call it seen the nature.

So. So. I hope you guys enjoyed it. I enjoyed bringing it to you please you grab one of those.

Last seats. I want to work with you personally in. July if you have any questions please reach out to. Stephanie at age five eight two eight two four six six three um you can also reach there at.

Stephanie at. NLP. Polycom at. Stephanie and.

NLP power comm we do have a few bonus seats left for the hidden laws of attraction course if you're in that. Stephanie can answer your questions and if you had a great time please tell people come back and see us again. I look. Forward to working with you and good night and.

God bless have a great night.
