Title: ooL4SezDlRM.txt
Video Id: ooL4SezDlRM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooL4SezDlRM

Hello hello hello my friends welcome to how to reprogram your subconscious mind for success health wealth and happiness i am your somewhat crazy and uh erratic host dr david snyder and i want to welcome you to what i hope will and sincerely believe will be some of the most important few hours of your life if you actually take the steps we're going to share with you in this webinar you will tap into the master keys to transforming your life from the inside out during this webinar we're going to teach you some of the most powerful. But simple and easy to use ways to begin clearing your crap and putting the stuff into your mind and body and spirit that you really want we're going to teach you how to reprogram that subconscious mind remove blocks to your success get rid of limiting or negative emotions sometimes forever actually usually forever. But you gotta remember there's a little bit more to it than that uh how to program your mind for a limited success right. Um before we get into today's content i do want to just kind of uh go through some basic housekeeping stuff as is our our tradition bj's asking how long this presentation is our presentations usually run about two and a half to three hours our our program is we use what we call a freeform webinar format the freeform webinar format is designed specifically to deliver very solid powerful experiential and actionable techniques that you can take out into the world right.

Away okay. So the. First part one of the webinars we usually teach in three parts. So part one of the webinar is where we go through administration how to get your questions answered we give you uh the basic foundations for how to apply the principles that we're going to be using during that we're going to give you some experiences that you're going to go through you're going to experience things and you're going to learn you're going to come away with techniques you can use in part two of the webinar we're going to show you how to take it to the.

Next level we put together a training opportunity a package that you might want to consider upgrading to if you're really serious about moving forward in your life going to take about 35-40 minutes to explain that. Then we go into part three of the webinar the webinar part three is going to be where we circle back to part one and we begin to customize the content of tonight's webinar to specifically what the people online tonight want to know about whether it's clearing more crap out of your life whether it's programming your mind like a gps for ongoing success whether it's learning to understand yourself better getting rid of emotions that are keeping you step whatever it is right. We're going to customize the content we're going to build on the foundations in part one and keep going until you come away with a solid toolkit of techniques that you can begin to apply okay. So that being said a couple of other things a i know you're going to have questions perfect questions are great i love questions anybody who's been around planet david long enough knows i love questions right.

Problem is we have three hours you know and if this is the scope of everything there is to know about how to reprogram the subconscious mind we've got time for this okay. So here's my commitment to you on tonight's webinar for those of you who are willing to stick it out to go through all the processes follow the instructions obey the commands to get the maximum bang for your buck i will take you as far down the rabbit hole of how to reprogram your mind body and soul for success as humanly possible and i will point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step if is that a fair trade if you feel that's a fair trade type that's fair i'm up for that in the webinar or in the in the chat for me okay. We have uh we're streaming to two platforms simultaneously we're seeing obviously we're coming in through our zoom platform.

But we're also live streaming to our youtube. So say hello everybody wave to our youtube family youtube family wave hello to our zoom family uh one of the things that we need to understand is that there is a slight streaming delay from the zoom platform to the youtube platform. So the chats from both are in real time. So if you type something in youtube i'm going to see it in real time if you type something in zoom i'm going to see it in real time here's the problem i have two chats going at the same time there's close to 100 people on or more asking questions at the same time.

So there's a good probability that i will not see your question if i do see your question okay. And it's relevant to the section of the webinar that we are at. Then i will answer it if it is not relevant or it's going to distract us from where we're going. Then there's two other ways for you to get your questions answered a i have new people new people if you're brand new to planet david type type brand new where you're checking in from and your name.

So everybody can say hi to you right. If you're a veteran of planet david if you've been using our technologies or or practicing and putting our techniques into application in the real world for three four five six months or longer years type how long you've been in planet david what you've used how it's worked for you and where you're checking in from because for those of you who have experience with these techniques you are going to be my assistants today i'm going to ask you if you see a question in the chat box that i don't see or i don't answer. But you have experience with that technique and you've used it effectively out in the real world if you see a question in the chat box please reach out to that person through the chat and answer it for them okay. That's the.

Second way to get your questions answered the. Third way is the one a lot of people seem to like as well and that is at the end of this webinar there will be a replay for sure there will be replay youtube automatically processes this video puts it out there for people to watch at their convenience when that video goes live there's going to be comments section below the video all you need to do is type your question in the comment section below this video and i will i actually review the those comments every day three or four times a day for a while one couple weeks at least and i will go in and i will systematically answer the questions as best that i can that you posted in the chat okay. So you've got three ways to get your questions answered ask me directly and keep asking until i either notice it or you get the feeling that i'm it's just going to take us away ask the question and allow some of our veterans to answer it and. Finally um go to the comments section of the replay of this video ask your question and we will get an answer we got some a lot of new people this is really cool thank you i'm.

So. So happy i'm. So happy to be here okay. So here's my standard disclaimer if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you this is probably not the best use of your.

Next uh two and a half to three hours. However if you're fed up with the status quo if you're tired of getting the same results over and over again and you want something better if you're ready to make a change and you're ready to actually do something new and fun and interesting i'm going to share with you some of the most powerful ways to do that you're in the right. Place okay. So uh what i often ask though and what a lot of people often say is well who the hell is dr david snyder and why should i care right.

Well. First and foremost i am an actual doctor of acupuncture and oreo medicine and this is a copy of my diploma from pacific college of oriental medicine i've been a practicing and licensed acupuncturist since 2005 and my specialty in my clinic has been physiological healing and treating physiological illness that is due to repressed emotion which by the way is just about every sickness on the planet uh has some kind of an emotional component. So we've seen everything clinically from you know out-of-control herpes cases to chronic constipation to rape trauma domestic abuse post-traumatic stress disorder terminal cancer parkinson's multiple sclerosis asthma allergies copd all of them that we've worked with has had some kind of an emotional foundation and when we treated the emotional foundation the symptoms subsided to almost nothing or went away completely okay. But i'm also a certified trainer and master practitioner in neuro-linguistic programming what you see here is um my not my uh my award from globalgurus.org in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer in the world by globalgurus.org i've been in the num i've been in the top two slots uh for as in terms of nlp for the.

Last five or six years uh as i think about it yeah probably longer and. So i've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything ranging from how to reprogram your subconscious mind to conversation hypnosis covert hypnosis body language skills vibrational fitness therapy the law of attraction if it has to do with influencing the mind body and the universe this is what i do i'm an expert in human hypnotic influence techniques or influence technologies that's what we do and my. Last brag and the reason i say this is because some of what you're going to be learning is actually going to come from this particular course what you see here is a letter from globalgurus.org and it says dear dr david it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp aka neuro-linguistic programming and if you click this little link it takes you to this page and you can see all the courses that we beat out uh and this is for 2020. But we also got one for 2022. we were named it we did it twice you know almost four or three years in a row now.

So i'm really proud of that and some of what you're going to be learning is actually drawn from this particular course and integrated with other things. So. Last. But not least and this is again where and i'll connect all these dots for you in just a minute i have i've been a lifelong martial artist i do have a 10th degree black belt in okinawan karate i have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao uh secondary black belt in kosho temple roof.

First to be black belt in fong kuru jiu jitsu certified instructor in combat systema cinco manuscrima and modern arnessa i'm a basic instructor in that system i studied with the founder i've been very proud of that one basic certification for many years and i've probably got more energy healing credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers i've been a reiki master teacher since the early 90s since before reiki was cool i have a degrees in advanced chronic healing and chronic psychotherapy i'm an advanced dna theta healer i'm certified in the bankston energy healing system i've been doing qigong kabbalah and hermetics since before madonna discovered kabbalah. So i'm very much a prima donna and you may be asking as i go through this in this incredible laundry list of of uh stuff. So what why is this important what do all these things have in common well it's the things they have in common that are really important and this is why you need to understand it as well state control and pattern recognition you see everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of what most people don't understand is that our feelings actually have a structure to them there's a process by which you can control your emotions and your states and as a byproduct of that state control you can begin to reprogram your neurology for better results to process the information around you in more useful and resourceful ways and the way we find these things is through the. Second piece pattern recognition everything human beings do has a structure it has a pattern and when you can recognize and understand that pattern you can predict what's going to happen.

Next not only can you predict what's going to happen. Next you can influence what's going to happen. Next. So most of the disciplines that i've studied over the years come down to these two basic ideas how do you access the right.

States and how and what is the structure of that process that allows you to change what you've been doing as a grain pattern that's why when you look. At these things what do all these things have to do with success health wealth and happiness well guys pretty much everything okay. And that's where we're going to start today. So let me go back to stop sharing here.

So let's make sure we're in the right. Place i want you to stop for a moment i want to ask you i want you to ask yourself a question now and this question is very very important i'm gonna i want you to say ask yourself this question out loud this is gonna be your. First writing exercise ask yourself the question why do i need this in other words you know why you decided to jump on this webinar today why do you need it right. You don't have to type it in the chat we'll get to that part.

Later. But i want you to get out your pen and your paper write this question why do i need this at the top of that sheet right. And i want you to pay attention to the very. First thing that comes to the top of your mind the very.

First thing that pops into your head the your reason why you know a lot of speakers and and success coaches talk about finding your why well finding your why is a great start and that's what we're doing now. But we're. But it's not it's not the end all by any stretch of the imagination okay. So take a moment type in write down why i need this the information on this webinar and write it out okay.

Just write and when you're done type done in the chat. So i know that you're with us helps if i hit the record button doesn't it good thing we that youtube streams for us all right. Done okay. Good karen's done good job continue my training is you can share with if you want.

But again it's this is your private stuff now this is the one of the coolest things about the techniques that we're going to play with as we go through the the content of the webinar is if you're a therapist a coach someone who helps people get their together for a living the best part about these techniques is they're extraordinarily powerful they integrate every level of the mind and body and soul and they require you as a coach or therapist to have almost no. Information about the client the client because one of the things you're going to learn if you're doing this for with others is that a lot of times people are very very very embarrassed or feel shame about the things that they're trying to clear right. And they don't want to share that they don't want to tell you about it and for a lot of people coming from a classical psychology or psychotherapy background if you can't get the person to talk about it you can't help them with this with these techniques you can do them completely blind in other words you don't need to know what's going on in their head to make them work because it approaches the whole idea of how we create this stuff and how it controls us very very differently and. So there's a huge advantage to this and that you don't need to get bogged down in other people's crap and you don't have to share things that you feel really bad about yourself or feel you're going to be judged for okay.

So we're good with this okay. Good. So keep put that to the side for now and see if any of these things fit what you just wrote how many of you by uh just type that's me in the chat one would like to become more attractive to the opposite sex anybody here want to be able to make them find you more charming and irresistible and fascinating would that be something that you think you could be programming your mind to do would be useful cool how about to remove fear and insecurity from your life forever how what if you could just put a dead stop halt to everything that makes you afraid the moment you notice it the moment you sense it would that be useful radiate more confidence would you like that would you like to attract more money would you like to be the person who deserves to have more money maybe book. More clients for your business take your current business to the.

Next level stay tuned if you'd like to protect yourself anybody here want to protect themselves from people who are going to manipulate them and push your buttons would you like to be able to handle and have more ability to deal with difficult people type that in the chat if it's something you want right. And again don't be bashful if everything i'm saying you hit a yes. For your this means you're in the right. Place right.

If you'd like to have the ability to program yourself to create massive financial abundance right. Um you know surround yourself with true and trustworthy and loyal friends type yes. In the chat right. That's where we're going okay.

So here's my personal promise to you you share my screen again if you stay until the end of today's webinar i will share with you the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your subconscious mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness i've been doing this stuff close to 20 20 years now uh in terms of the new technologies that i'm teaching and we haven't found a limit to it yet it just the techniques seem to just keep getting more and more powerful as time goes on okay. We're going to show you how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination and get your mind and body taking action right. Away we'll show you how to remove those blocks to success and get yourself on the fast track to the kind of life you want to have by your standards and your definitions we're going to teach you how to get rid of negative emotions like fear and pain to dissolve and eliminate limiting beliefs and change them to beliefs that empower you and. Finally as a byproduct of this webinar you're going to get the exact steps that you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time okay.

So we're how we going to do that let's start with today's agenda we're going to talk about the two most important factors for success it's not what you think all right. Maybe it is we'll touch on the rules of the mind the ones they didn't tell you about in books like the secret movies like the secret and um um yeah stuff like that we'll talk about body-centered energy psychology right. How your system really works and how to use it right. We're going to pro and we'll talk about how to program your future and clear your past.

So you get the stuff out of the way that needs getting out and you program your future and your mind like a gps taking you where you want to go ultimately everything is going to lead to this one thing that we all want and that's the ability to take control to take charge to move forward and get you the life you want the way you want it by mastering yourself on the inside and out starting today. So what you see in front of you is a process i developed uh probably 10 10 15 years ago give or take this is called the identity by design process this was a system that i got a download for based on a lot of trainings and teachings that i've had from various sources and what this allows you to do is it allows you to systematically reprogram your subconscious mind on an identity level in other words it allows you to target the building blocks of the self you believe you have the self that society and family and religion and culture have programmed you to be and give you the ability to transform it to move it to change it to become the person that you want to be instead of the kind of person society programmed you to be this this particular sequence of techniques allows you to completely take control of your unconscious mind and change just about anything from physical and pain to emotional pain to limiting beliefs and. Finally it allows you to actually install in your mind and body the traits qualities and characteristics of people who whose successes and skill sets you want to have more of. So we'll just give you a quick overview obviously we don't have time to go over every single step of the process.

So we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna kind of cherry pick for you elements of the complete system if you want access to the complete system we'll show you how to do that towards the end of the webinar or in part two of the webinar. So the. First thing is we want to learn how to remove all the general negativity from your mind and body this is stuff that your neurology has picked up that you didn't even know you had you know when we in our hidden laws of attraction workshops uh and our webinars we talk about you know the law of attraction tells us that i me let me go back to face to face with you guys the law of attraction tells us that you will pull into your life the situations circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts and most of us who studied anything with law of attraction kind of get that that's one of the reasons a lot of us learn things like hypnosis and to me uh short of the technologies you're gonna you're gonna work here hypnosis is probably the fastest most powerful most user-friendly way to change yourself bar none okay. Um and you can agree with me or not it doesn't really matter to me if you agree or not right.

Um. But one of the things that that the law of attraction talks about is this this idea of bringing things in harmony with your reality and harmony with your dominant thoughts the problem is they don't teach you what your actual dominant thoughts really are you see your dominant thoughts are not the ones you're conscious of your dominant thoughts are the crappy beliefs and memories on on autoplay below the threshold of your conscious awareness and most of the time you don't realize it you don't understand it until something from the external world provokes it okay. Do you guys understand what i'm talking about you don't really get you don't you don't really aren't really conscious of your dominant thoughts until something from the outside world triggers it for you and it just comes up unbidden. But the fact that that it just bubbles up like a soap bubble doesn't mean it isn't running below the threshold of the of the conscious mind the the barrier between the conscious and the unconscious is called the limit in case you were wondering right.

Are you guys with me. So far if you're with me type i'm with you in the chat cool all right. So part of what we're going to be playing with as we move through the content of tonight's webinar is finding out what are your dominant thoughts by way of provocation and how do we tap into those to move us forward and clear the limiting beliefs around our minds and bodies okay. So let me go back to my diagram i'm just going to run through this really quick and.

Then i'm going to give you your. First super powerful technique uh before i i'll just tease you a little bit how many of you would like to be up to 30 bet 30 or more better at everything if you if you'd like to be 30 or more better at everything type that in the chat okay. Once we go through the diagram i will circle back i will teach you how to do this because you're going to need to do this for the rest of the content of tonight's webinar again here's what i want you to understand if you just if you if you logged on and especially this is your. First time and you just expected to kind of veg out in front of a powerpoint for the.

Next 90 minutes two and a half hours whatever this is not that kind of webinar this is a webinar that if you do the drills i'm guiding you through and you have the experience you will get change and if you take these techniques and all the techniques i'll offer you access to. Later on and you keep applying them they're going to hit over and over and over again that's a pretty big claim. But i promise you the vast majority of you this is going to be your truth okay. And when it's not i will show you how to fix it or i will teach you about how to fix it or where to go to get that to get that fixed is that fair okay.

Cool all right. So let's go back to my diagram really quick. So really quick uh the techniques we're probably going to play with tonight are probably going to be found in this area right. Here and uh this is called special negativity clearing.

But the. First thing we do is we clear out the negativity that your neurology has picked up over the course of years that is just lying there getting in the way think of it like soaking the soaking the pot before you throw it in the dishwasher and. Then we look. At things that your neurology has a specific reason for holding on to we call this specialized negativity and again you'll see this a lot in people who start a business they have they build it up to a certain level and.

Then all of a sudden they lose it for some reason they pick themselves up they start their business again they pick it up they build it to a certain level they lose it again and. Then the. Third and fourth time comes around and for whatever reason they can't pull the trigger they can't even get to the level of success they had much less go beyond it because something in their minds won't let them move forward it could be in a relationship if you've ever if you've ever dated the same person with a different face over and over again you probably have are dealing with special what we call specialized negativity our technique of choice for dealing with that although we have others is called magic frame. So you'll be learning that a lot the.

Next thing we do is we teach you how to install in your own mind and body the exact default driver states in other words most people are moving through the world in the state of basically some form of depression or some form of angst or worry or they're just not in a resourceful state most of the time and a lot of that is not your fault a lot of that is actually the inherent biological biases of your nervous system combined with the onslaught of media what we do is we teach our students how to actually install four distinct driver states that lead people to success and that is playful curious relentless and triumphant if you have these states. Then as your default. Then everything you do is filtered through the eyes. Of joy and happiness and curiosity and your brain becomes more resourceful automatically.

But we once we have that we teach you how to change the voice inside your head that's always telling you all the crap about your life you know you know the voice in your head that just said what voice right. The voice that tears you down tells you all the reasons why you can't win why you should why you deserve all the bad we take that out we remove that voice and we turn it into a voice that becomes your own personal cheerleading section the voice that tells you all the reasons why you can succeed why you do deserve it why you're always loved why you're never alone why you're always forgiven for all wrongs real or imagine it's one of the most transformational aspects of a very powerful system that's the. Next phase. Then what we do is we systematically remove all of the negative energy from your past memories and we transform that and move that that energy once it's been released into all of your positive memories and.

Then. So when from that point on when you look. Back on your past you only remember it in ways that make your life better in ways that move you forward and inspire you and make you proud of the person you are rather than making you feel bad about yourself from there we take this entire sequence and how many of you ever heard of something called uh epigenetics or uh that you can transform your dna through the powers of hypnosis and suggestion if you've ever heard of bruce lipton and epigenetics and psych-k you might be familiar with this concept we take this entire sequence and we install it at the genetic level before your very. First memory.

So it becomes like a self-improvement template a program that your system runs automatically and when it encounters stuff it just cleans it up once you have that installed. Then we go to the generative portion now this is where we take use a process called deep trans identification and we teach you how to systematically install all of the traits qualities characteristics and attributes of people you admire people who you want to be more like okay. Another term for this particular process would be called the reichov effect there's a couple of books out there and you can learn about that if you want to it's all built into this sequence this is called the identity by design silo and it's a way to completely transform the building blocks of your identity from the inside out allows you to customize and reprogram your subconscious mind to be the person you want and build a platform for even greater levels of transformation and change this is where the techniques you're going to be learning today are drawn from and this is where we're going to be going is anybody is everybody cool with with uh does everybody understand what this is about. So far type in the chat if you're with me okay.

So here's the. Next thing one of the. First things we talked about at the beginning of the webinar what are these two things what does all this stuff have in common state control and pattern recognition here's the. First pattern that i want you to get and it goes right.

To your state if you want to be up to 31 better at anything all you have to do is step into and embody a fun playful easy going explorational attitude this particular metric this particular data point comes from the realm of all places hostage negotiation what the fbi and the cia and and i forget all the other organizations that do this discovered was that when the hostage negotiator entered the negotiation and by the way can you think of anything more stressful than a hostage negotiation well maybe an la pickup bar or a new york pickup bar. But that's a different class for a different day right. So when the negotiator went into the interaction in a easy going playful explorational let's see what happens attitude they were up to 31 percent more aware 31 percent more perceptive 31 percent smarter 31 percent more resourceful 31 percent more adaptable to the situation and the best part and the best part was that the the negotiators counterpart the hostage taker was up to 31 percent more compliant let me ask you a question if all the other stuff aside if you got a 30 percent bump in people doing what you wanted them to do when you wanted them to do it how would your life change type in the chat how would your life change if you could get 30 or better more yeses and compliance and obedience in your life what would happen you know exactly right. And here's the.

First secret learn how to control your state. So that you can choose on demand to be more playful easy going and exploration would it be cool if we could just do that on demand yes. Or yes. Strvecker would say yes.

Or yes. Okay. Would you like to be able to do that would you like to be able to do that right. Now hold on a.

Second i'm getting all there's a lot of chat stuff going on here all right. Okay. So here's the only caveat i have okay. Well let me get this chat box out of the way because it keeps blocking my screen okay.

Here's the only caveat i have we are going to do a process together this is again the. Second technique uh of tonight that i want you to play with this is this goes right. To your state control everything starts a with knowing what you want we started that with why do i need this webinar what and that's a simple question we find your why why do i need this why do i need this webinar okay. Next piece control your state how we control our state there's two ways you control your state through your posture and your breathing or your willpower and your cognition we're going to teach you one technique from our state control module this technique is one of the most powerful fastest most user-friendly ways to step into any emotional state that you want anytime you want okay.

Again we go one much greater detail in the identity by design programs uh how to control your subconscious mind see if it's personal transformation even cpi and killer influence we do this because it's such a fundamental foundational way to do this. But before i do it with you and you do it with me i need to make sure that you're safe and here's what i mean by that these processes involve altering the state of consciousness and body chemistry that you have that means if you are driving or operating any form of equipment or machinery that requires your full and undivided attention do not do this okay. Do not do this pull if you want to do it okay. Pull off to the side of the road put the car in park put the emergency brake on turn off the ignition make sure you won't be pulled over or a cop won't knock on your door right.

Make sure you're in a safe place where you will not be disturbed or arrested for doing something weird is it okay. To be enjoying a beer well you might want to put the beer aside for the two minutes it takes to do this exercise is that okay. Okay. We're gonna play some games really quick and these are exercises that again i could spend an entire day explaining to you why they work just understand that there's a lot of neuroscience that's going on here in fact if you've watched um the immediate pain relief video i just released one of the guys in the audience was actually a neurophysiology teacher from a hypnosis school in colorado and i brought him up and took.

His arthritis pain away and towards the end of the um towards the end of the video he starts going off on all the neuroscience that i'm doing in this one and a half to two minute technique. So if you want to understand the neuroscience behind it it's actually there on that video you can watch it it's only like a 20 minute or no. It's only about an hour. But you'll see people just changing and transforming alcohol never gotten any technique better yeah that's true okay.

All right. Let's not pass judgment okay. Um. So what the video is called uh immediate pain relief i think as well just type immediate pain it's one that i just posted it this week it shouldn't be hard to find okay.

But. So are we good you guys ready to play type in the chat again this is a very interactive webinar i need to know you're with me okay. So here's the. First thing i want you to do i want you to stand up i'm standing you stand okay.

I want you to close your eyes. And i want you to think back to a time in your life when you felt the most amazing playful wonderful pleasurable feeling ever and i don't care what it was i'm not the pleasure police i don't care i want you to remember that moment i want you to see in your own mind i want you to see it the way you see it i want you to hear it the way you hear it i want you to smell and taste it the way you smell and you taste it because when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful ecstatic feeling that you get a feeling of absolute pleasure and playfulness and joyfulness and i'd like you to notice i'd like you to become aware that there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel it i'd like you to notice something i'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm curious what color or colors that might be for you. First impression now you don't need to type this in the chat just fully experience it become aware of it notice it realize where it is in your body become aware of the colors and i'd like you to take that amazing imagination of yours i'd like you to imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head and i'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure of playfulness a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all seriousness all crap real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe that amazing energy through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you know you've got that when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to make it go away notice what happens instead and when you've tested it and you're satisfied type what you discovered in the chat peace very cool right. On feeling great nothing okay. Nice peaceful feel relaxed and happy good very nice very nice okay.

You want to make it better you want to make it stronger would that be okay. All right. So here's the. Next piece right.

Now if all you did was this every morning your neurology would change your neurology would evolve right. So once you close your eyes. Breathe that color through your entire being once again notice what happens now if i ask if again this comes up a lot if you have never had joy if you have never had peace what might it feel like can you imagine what it might be like do that now also most of us even if we haven't had joy have had pleasure it keeps getting bigger notice jennifer's saying that's right. Now notice there's a place in your body where it feels the strongest right.

Close your eyes. Point to where it feels the strongest now if there were a picture floating in the space around you somewhere a picture that you could reach out and touch take your other hand reach out and touch that picture take both of your hands trace the outline of the picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is now grab it and just like you would expand the windows on your iphone or your your android or your touch screen at home make the picture bigger and notice what happens to the feelings in your body when you got that bring it back to its original size now take the picture pull it closer to your body notice what happens when you got that lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice what happens now does it get stronger does it get weaker now i want you to just take this picture that we're holding i want you to unwrap it lift it back up over your head as you hold this picture in your hands i want you to understand and realize something and inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your reality you are the king and queens of your universe and you have absolutely every right. Privilege and authority permission to make any change you want for any reason that you want i want you to play with your power right.

Now i want you to take this picture that you're holding and i want you to play with it i want you to explore i want you to make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it into your body move it out of your body notice how every time you change something about this picture that the feelings and the intensity of those feelings in your body change too and i want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it and when you find that sweet spot i want you to fix it into place let it flow from the picture to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very dna of those cells changing transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful perpetual pleasure factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply there's no. Need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off notice what happens instead when you're satisfied type your results in the chat sd says amazing i don't want the old feelings back that's how you know you did it right. Sweet right. Just the beginning guys worth the price of admission yes.

Or yes. Feels like a shield this is the baby stuff this is the baby stuff right. But what we did teach you in this one segment is that there is true magic there is true power within your neurology mind body and. So on if you put the pieces together right.

The change happens quick old feelings are stuck they can't come back boom what if you did this every day for a month what do you think would happen okay. Change right. Your life is going to change. But we're not going to stop there let's talk about the.

Next piece okay. You think if you move through the world that this is your default way of of being things would get better yes. Or yes. You guys want more or should i just end the webinar here oh okay.

I just i'm just checking not like i'm teasing or anything right. But i told you i told you at the beginning if you do these drills you will have experiences experiences don't lie right. Marketing copy can live videos can lie experience different right. Take me to another dimension all right.

Let's cover really quick some things that again we cover these more in the uh in our programs. But let's talk about the two most important factors for success and those two most important factors for us ladies and gentlemen are our identity in other words the belief systems that we have remember i said at the beginning of the webinar that human beings you know you will pull into your life the things that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts the problem is is people don't know what their dominant thoughts actually are most of your dominant thoughts you're not consciously aware of and you're only momentarily aware of them when they're provoked from something on the outside of you okay. So one of the things that i teach my students in planet david is that there's a difference between the animal human and the self um the self evolving the self actualizing human and it's a very subtle difference. But it's an important one and this is what i mean we all know that human beings move towards pleasure and away from pain right.

Any animal on the planet knows to go towards the things that make them feel good and happy right. And move away from the things that make them feel bad and most humans are operating in that same idea they're they're flesh robots they're walking around moving towards the things that give them pleasure moving away from the things that make them feel pain. But self-actualizing humans at whatever level they're at there's something about them that drives them to run into the things that make them want to run away right. So they and because they understand that they look.

For ways to clear their ship not just because they want to be free of it. But because they realize that the fastest the fastest road to becoming their best version of themselves is actually on the other side of the things that make them want to run away does that make sense i don't want to get too into into the advanced stuff i want to make sure you understand this if you're someone who has a desi a driven need to clear their to become the best version of themself to do whatever it takes i'm talking to you if you're not one of those people well maybe i'm talking to you maybe i'm not right. So two most important ingredients of success your identity and action in other words it's it's not enough to just have a an identity that says i am worthy and deserving you actually have to act on the things that you program your conscious mind into think of it like closing a circuit if i prime my mind to do something. But.

Then i never take the physical correlate i don't close that circuit right. So the two most important factors for your success are going to be who are you on the inside which is we're going to talk about is your belief system right. Now your beliefs have a hierarchy to them let me show you a real i don't i i was avoiding trying to show the graphic just because it tends to slow us down and i know people are getting a little i mean if i know you're i know a lot of you're having a good time. But i just know that there's some that's not what i want um that's not what i want either hold on a.

Second wrong page here we go nope that's the wrong one again hold on i'm teasing you now see um okay. So here we go um beliefs i think this is this is it no. No. Nope huh maybe that's why i didn't want to show it to you because i don't have the min i don't have the the grid is that it no.

Oh i guess i don't have a uh here sorry it was at the bottom of the list all right. So what you're seeing here is factor one your identity and this is why we created the identity by design silent because your identity is about who you are what is your self-concept your life experience what do you feel you deserve what do you feel you don't deserve what do you feel you're capable of what do you feel you're not capable of and what nlp did for us many many years ago was it uh it elucidated or it identified what is commonly referred to as the hierarchy of beliefs all of your beliefs are built the same way. But there's a pecking order this is low this is high the beliefs at the top of the pyramid influence and control the beliefs at the bottom of the period. So if you have someone who says i am i'm overweight or i'm fat any time you hear the words i am whether you catch other people doing it or you catch yourself doing it what you're hearing is a belief at the identity level in the hierarchy of your beliefs you guys are you guys cool with me on that you understand that and that identity will change everything beneath it it will change your beliefs and your values it'll change what you think your capabilities are it will change the behaviors that you engender it'll it'll change how you interact with your environment and the the meaning your environment gives you.

So that identity level may you see the picture again sure. So this this pyramid is really really important for a number of reasons the higher we go the higher we go on the pyramid the more power we get think of it as pyramid power right. Now this is something that the identity by design style is designed to help you change and transform okay. But there's another aspect too as well and that is action all altered states of consciousness and internal alchemical work which is what you're learning must be balanced with appropriate actions in the physical world now people in my experience don't take action for one of two reasons a uh mindset issues they know what to do.

But for some reason they can't bring themselves to do it sometimes it's because of a lack of deservingness uh they think rich people are wealthy people are slime they don't think they have the capabilities of it um they don't want to be a bad person because they equate being a bad person with having a certain outcome any kind of limiting belief right. It could be fears if you're a success if you're a failure a fear of becoming someone they don't like these are mindset issues the way you diagnose if you have a mindset issue or a skill set issue is do you actually know the steps to take to do what you want to do right. Let's say you've bought every internet marketing course on the planet right. You can quote frank kern and evan pagan and all these and robert allen and all these guys backwards and forwards you know exactly what steps to take.

But you can't pull the trigger you can't take an action you got a mindset issue right. But let's say you have you're ready to start you start now and keep going you have no. Clue where to go or what to do now you have a skill set issue most people have a little bit of both. But they tend to predominate in one over the other many times people confuse one with the other right.

So we gotta we gotta get you taking action right. Yeah you buy things read them and realize it's just information that's not what this course is about it's about getting off your ass and doing something if you're one of those people you're in the right. Place if you're not you probably want to go watch the three stooges or or uh stranger things or whatever it is that you guys watch. But if you want to change if you you got it you got to have these two elements you got to have an identity and a belief system that supports who you want to be okay.

And you have to have the skill sets you and the ability to take action right. If you have those two things and you combine it with a playful relentless determination to succeed you're on your way okay. But now how else can we use this little pyramid thing right. This little pyramid of beliefs the.

Next drill that we're going to play with together is known as the emotional motivation checklist now this is designed to help you get in the most motivated uh organized state humanly possible when you use it with other people they link everything that's emotionally important to them to what you offer. So the fulfillment of their desires becomes linked to the person doing the drill with them what would happen if everybody you met had an insatiable desire to purchase what you're offering or just do what you wanted them to do for their reasons what would happen in your life i'm curious go ahead and type it's all right. That would be awesome you're about to learn how to do that. But we're going to do this for you.

First we're going to teach you what that feels like. So you can understand the amazing pleasure and power and emotional satisfaction you're going to be sharing with other people right. Remember something money makes its way to the people who provide the greatest degree of value if you want more money or wealth or abundance in your life you have to find ways to deliver more value and you have to have an identity within yourself that says i deserve to have it we can handle both of those here right. Money is not not enough though money there's got to be a good a a good you bring to the world that is a byproduct or the money is a byproduct of right.

And that's what i want you to tap into right. Abundance can mean a lot of things to a lot of different people some they equate it as money some equate it as as freedom or just an ability to do whatever they want whenever they want to do it right. So i want you to go ahead take out the piece of paper we started with that says why i need this take that out put it in front of you i want you to look. At your answer i hope you wrote it down right.

I hope you wrote it down i want you to write down if you had if you didn't write it down or if you joined us late in the webinar i asked at the beginning of of the the training today to write down on a piece of paper why i need this webinar and i wanted you to write the answer down whatever popped into your head. First that's what i want you to write down no. Editing no. Rationalizing no.

You know whatever okay. Just write it down now underneath the answer you wrote i want you to write another question and that question is what's important about that. So you wrote why did i need why do i why i need this i need this webinar because you wrote an answer what's important about that that's the. First question what's important about i want you to write out that answer when you've written out the answer whatever pops up.

First is fine just write it below that what's important about that write the answer when you've done that type done in the chat perfect okay. Underneath that question underneath your answer i want you to write the same question what's important about that answer the question again. So you wrote why i need that you wrote the answer you wrote what's important about that you answered it write the question what's important again answer that question. First thing that pops up and.

Then. Finally ultimately what's important about that. So you've asked this question three times you've gotten three deeper levels of answer. So you know what's behind why you need this you know what's behind what's important about that you know what's behind what's important about that and ultimately what's behind what's important about that.

So you should have three layers of answer right. You don't need to share the chat and i'm honored that you would right. How many of you are noticing that as you write this you're getting emotional yes. Or yes.

If you're doing it right. You should be getting emotional perfect now i want you to stand up i want you to stand up i want you to take the sheet of paper that you've written your answers on okay. I want you to hold it at about a 45 degree angle okay. And you can look.

At the screen if you want to either way is fine all i want you to do is read the answers to each of your questions five times out loud just read the answers to your questions five times out loud when you've done that five times out loud type done in the chat and you can look. It here you can look. Up here while you do it or you can just look. At your screen if you know your answers either way is fine just type done in the chat lyla says did feel good about it it's all right.

Beautiful good good good good good good good excellent how do you feel now you feel kind of inspired motivated ready to go this is what this is the feeling that you will share with every single human that you do this with whether they're a coaching client whether they're a patient an employee an employer with a potential romantic partner a family member you're going to generate these kinds of amazing feelings in the other person now as you link those feelings to what we're about to talk about. Next i want to i want to i want you guys to be aware of something i know that for some of you you had these amazing rush of positive feelings right. That was the vast majority of you some of you might have got a little anxious a little agitated that's okay. Too some of you may have had this really powerful positive feeling and in the background there was this little icky nagging feeling that you tried to ignore because you were focused on the good stuff for how many of you did i described pretty much what you experienced okay.

We have fixes for all of it okay. What you just did was tap into your own deep emotional values and checklists for what constitutes the very best everything and because you're doing it with me just like when you do it with other people all those feelings get linked together we're bound together in that mission now my job is to help you get what you want right. And that's where we're going. So if you liked what we have.

So far i've put together a special package a presentation that i told you about at the beginning of the webinar are you guys ready to learn about it and move forward with your lives yes. Or yes. Okay. Let's do this i'd like to share with you [Music] with your permission the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study for success home study course this is a course that i originally developed back in in the early part of the century and we've been developing it and refining it and honing it for almost 20 years now and it is by far the most powerful user-friendly per system of personal transformation i've ever discovered and i want to i put this together for you people who want to learn at home or for people who want a little bit more hands-on training this is going to teach you step by step by step how to go through that entire personality transformation silo the seven steps that we talked about and.

So much more i'm excited to share this with you and i hope you'll take action and go for it with your own life as well. So what is the secrets of personality transformation system all about it's about obviously protecting more wealth and abundance it's about closing more deals getting more dates and romance in your life it's about helping people and making a difference in the world. So that you can move through the world feeling more powerful more confident more charming more charismatic more iris more everything you truly want to feel and less of all the things you don't it's about control it's about taking the randomness out of your life once and for all okay. So here's what we put together for you and the offer does expire today july 13th 2022 at 11 59 pm uh there might be some typos.

Later on ignore those i don't think i found i have any. But just in case that is the the actual expiration date for today okay. So what are you going to get in secrets of personality transformation well it's a 14 video home study course that's going to teach you the seven stages that we've talked about at the beginning of the webinar it's going to teach you how to systematically clear the unconsciously held negative emotions and beliefs stuff you didn't even know you had it's going to teach you how to go in find it remove it and replace it with stuff that actually makes your life better it's a 297 value for that technique alone what would your life be like you could just go in and find all the you didn't know you had and get rid of it life would get good really quick would it would it not remove unconscious safety rules this is what i talked about earlier maybe you're dating the same person with a different face every single time right. You can't you know what you got to do you know how to do it you can't pull the trigger we're going to teach you how to find what's holding you back remove it and get your life on the fast track to health success wealth happiness love and romance it's a 297 value for that we're going to teach you how to systematically remove those negative voices in your head the ones that hold you back the voice in your head that just said what voice right.

We're going to teach you how to transform it and change it into a voice that builds you up that reminds you of all the things and reasons why you deserve to have it that you're always loved that you're always good enough that you're never alone forgiven for all wrongs real or imagined and this voice will go with you from that day forward guiding you inspiring you enlightening you protecting you showing you the fastest most direct way to get from where you are to where you want to be it's well more than a 297 dollar value. But i had to put a number in there. So we're going to teach you how to install the four pillars of personal power and success playfulness curiosity triumph relentlessness these will be the default states that you move through the world in seeing the world through those filters seeing through the eyes. Of opportunity being unstoppable in every aspect of your life 297 value i'm gonna teach you how to systematically sanitize remove all the negative energy from your past memories and traumas.

So that when you look. Back on the history of your life your personal story you will see it only in ways that make your life better proud of the person you are and moves you forward without any shame blame or guilt into your own person and. Then we're going to take that entire sequence of events that entire system we're going to install it as a genetic template at the dna level. So that it becomes part of your anatomy part of your biology it's a 297 dollar value and.

Then the cherry on the sundae we're going to teach you once you understand how your system actually works how easy it actually is to program your mind and body to get rid of the stuff you hate and program in more of the stuff you want we're going to teach you how to borrow and install the genius and skills and abilities of other people into your own personal blueprint for success. So that you can emulate replicate and build on that platform there's an old saying if i see further than others it's because i've stood on the shoulders of giants this is your stepladder to getting on the shoulders of those giants start here and build it and make it your own cherry on the sunday it's a 297 dollar value included with this course is our real world hypnosis identity by design manual it includes instant and rapid inductions conversational hypnosis self-help scripts uh auto suggestion scripts the entire seven stage identity by design process follow along in the manual watch the videos over and over again follow along on the videos your stuff will change you're also going to get access to a special private online community where you can actually log in and practice these things every month with people who are just like you who want the same things you want and want them with the shortest amount of time energy and effort humanly possible total value for this entire system is two thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars. But listen you're on today's webinar for a reason i don't think i don't believe in randomness i don't i believe everything happens for a reason and if you're here today it's because the universe chose you to take your life to the. Next level and i want to make that as easy as humanly possible.

So if you grab your course today i'm also going to include these special exclusive bonuses sign up today before the end of the webinar you're also going to get access to our identity by design hypnotherapy home study course now this course is designed for people who want to do this process with other people if you're a coach a therapist a mentor if you deal if you're a psychotherapist a social worker if you deal with any form of trauma any form of addictions any form of fears and phobias this is going to add such a complete and powerful toolkit to your business you can take people further faster than any other practitioner that i know of okay. It's going to teach you how to and even if you don't learning how to do this for yourself is pure goal how to i'm going to teach you how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind. So you can actually hypnotize people anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason it's it's a true fact that 12 of my students have actually done this process in the lobby of a hotel undergoing renovations. Next to an active working jackhammer with a hundred percent success in fact some of those people are on the webinar tonight if you want that level of skill parking lots lines at starbucks elevators not just in the treatment room if you want that level of skill this is the course for you we'll teach you how to remove blocks and limiting beliefs how to find and remove the hidden negativity that your clients didn't even know they had how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away how to change that crappy voice inside your head resolve the negativity from your past.

So that you only experience it in ways that make your life better and also to install the traits qualities characteristics and attributes of the people you admire we're going to teach you instant and rapid induction we're going to teach you how to deal with that reactions we're going to teach you how to do self work we're going to teach you how to do a consultation that has a 90 percent close rate in other words 9 out of 10 people that you do this consultation process with will raise their hand and say i want you to work with me i want to work with you when can we start don't believe me test it right. That's nothing i want to remind you of you don't have to believe a single thing i'm teaching you in this webinar for it to work okay. Total value it's a 1 497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free it's my way of just you know again making sure that you have the absolute best tools humanly available total value between the personality transformation course and identity by design is two thousand nine hundred and ninety four dollars wait that can't be right. My math is way off it's like hold on a.

Second let me do let me do the math on this. Anyway i'll get back to it the math is obviously wrong my bad okay. Um we're also going to include for those of you who would like to actually use the law of attraction in a way that actually works this is our hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation made easy home study course the reason we call this hidden laws of attraction is because it takes all the techniques in the identity by design manual and it teaches you how to clear your blocks to manifestation and how to actually accelerate your manifestation process right. So we're going to teach you how to find and remove the blocks to health wealth and happiness you didn't know you had how to become a money magnet how to become magnetically more open to receiving wealth and abundance how to influence people remotely for their good and yours this includes healing to find and remove the hidden negativity that other people as well as you didn't know you had that block your manifestation success to teach you how to clear up the issues that just don't seem to go away uh we're also going to really kind of do a little myth busting on the uh on a lot of the the bad beliefs that people have around how manifestation works and how it doesn't a lot of people for example believe that if i manifest something and i don't like it i'm stuck with it well no.

That's not true at all if you manifested one thing you can manifest another. But a lot of people will suffer from this one and done uh mindset a lot of people also have this ability this this belief that well what if i wish for what if i manifest something for myself and in order for me to get it something bad happens to somebody else we'll teach you how to work around that too right. Most people have a lot of these fears are largely unfounded and we'll teach you how to clear those things out lickety-split you know i'm going to teach you a powerful new yin formation method for programming your mind and body this is a way of doing affirmations based on that hierarchy of beliefs that we showed you at the beginning specific language patterns and how your autonomic nervous system actually works. So what you'll see is after doing five informations you'll have a stronger response from your body than an hour of doing classical affirmations and you'll be more motivated more excited more magnetic to the things you want to attract it's a simple technique once you understand it you become pretty much unstoppable we'll show you how to attract the things you want and change what you think you deserve how to remove the negativities from your past that are blocking your manifestations and install the traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people there are five psycho behavioral characteristics that all naturally lucky people have and once you know what they are using the identity by design process you can reprogram your neurology to amplify those traits and become more naturally lucky as a byproduct of this training okay.

You'll discover the most powerful engine of personal transformation and manifestation ever if you think if informations are powerful the image cycling technology that i was fortunate enough to discover many many years ago has proven to me to be the most powerful method of transforming and manifesting patently impossible stuff i have ever encountered many of the people on this webinar have used the same image cycling technology and manifested outrageous things right. If you want to hear some of those stories i have a video on youtube called um funny law of attraction stories i just talked about story after story after story we manifested things that they said couldn't happen things that they said i had no. Qualifying for it just with any within 12 months boom everything changed and that's if that was for the impossible stuff possible stuff happens faster okay. But don't believe me learn the technology put it to work prove it to yourself okay.

And a lot lot more there's a lot more in this course. But again if you like even one thing on this list you owe it to yourself to jump into this it's a 1497 value. But what if even one of these things works as well as i say it does what would that mean to your life we're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value is 5491. But we're not done yet for those of you who have skill set issues one of the things that i talked about at the beginning of this webinar was that you have two ways that we get blocked you either have a mindset issue or a skill set issue one of the things that i discovered very very early on is that the one thing that a lot of people don't have when they move forward in life is the ability to communicate in such a way that people want to do what you want them to do and feel good about it right.

I said at the beginning of the webinar what if you could move through the world making everyone emit up to 31 more compliant well you can do that just by changing your state what if you could move that needle even higher 35 45 55 85 what if you could move that needle to where almost everyone you meet happily does what you want them to do that's why i included this particular course in the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control system home study package because with this not only will your mind be right. Not only will your sense of identity be right. But you will have the skills to communicate with people to make them want to do what you want them to do and feel good about it. So not only will you be able to hypnotize people anytime anywhere you'll be able to emotionally bond and motivate and connect with people at will you'll be able to control your own emotions and use them as powerful amplification tools to help other people connect and bond with you more powerfully let me ask you a question what if you had the ability to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener would that be a superpower what if you had anything the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listeners what would that do for you what if you have the seemingly magical ability to control and direct a person's awareness and focus of attention.

So that they automatically paid attention to the things you wanted them to from the perspective you wanted to pay attention to and you could automate processes in their minds that would cause them to just think the way you wanted them to think what if you had the ability to make a person's internal mind movies exactly what you described them to be with absolutely zero chance of failure what if you could do those four things the reason i say that is because one of the things you'll learn in this course are the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist and how to train them the. First four things i just talked about how to make anything you want cause anything you want how to make anything you want mean anything you want how to control a person's direction and focus of attention how to make person's internal movies and pictures be exactly what you want are the. First four language patterns that you'll learn in the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns module and. Then it just gets stronger we're going to teach you the seemingly magical way to make people like love and trust you on command it doesn't matter where it doesn't matter what the circumstance if you can communicate verbally or in written language you can utilize this process to make people hang on your every word okay.

You'll become magnetically charismatic and you can generate and amplify that charisma on command and. So much more what if you had the magical ability to that nobody could push your emotional buttons ever again that's part of what this course is going to teach you it's a one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you want the. Next few people to jump on this uh this home study course total combined value is 7441 when you register before the end of the webinar. Finally what if you had the almost magical ability to change any belief or overcome any objection or win any argument in minutes what if for every limiting belief you encountered in yourself or in other people you had 14 different ways to change that belief in seconds or minutes before you started combining them what could you do with that okay.

That is exactly what renegade reframing how to change how to rapidly change beliefs and instantly overcome any objection is designed to do now we included this for several reasons once again most people need the ability to change perspectives on things when you start doing therapy work when you start clearing your own crap one of the byproducts of that training one of the byproducts of this process is that your perspective on what happened to you will automatically change you can use very powerful language techniques to accelerate that process. So we teach this we give you this course for two reasons one if you wrote down a list of every belief that holds you back and you fired these 14 different bullets at it that belief would rapidly change and you would be free you would instantly become more adaptable more explorational more confident more fearless instantly just by deploying these 14 tools on your own belief system when you're out in the world and you meet somebody who's afraid who has a gives you a seemingly bs reason for not moving forward in their life you can systematically conversationally use these same tools to free them and move them forward in life to make a difference in their world and change their limiting beliefs just by talking to them can you see why i included this in the package okay. This course uh is nothing short of miraculous okay. Uh it's a 1 950 value it actually comes with a complete manual and get this it comes with a card game we call the reframe game where you can actually get a bunch of your friends together you can line out a bunch of bs beliefs or or political perspectives that you want to battle with and you can actually throw a limiting belief at somebody throw a reframe card on them and they got to use that that reframe card to overcome the belief and you can play like a drinking game you can play it like like war or uno.

Uh and you can just go back and forth and just gamify this and and become really really good at instantaneously overcoming objections and changing beliefs as far as i know we're the only one teaching a way to play the reframe game to make you learn this faster and your life will change as a byproduct of that okay. Total combined value is 9 391 dollars. But we're not done let me just review what we got. So far.

So for those of you who want to change to make a change today who want to get the life you want the way you want it if everything you wrote down on that piece of paper during the webinar is true this is how you do it it starts with the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control mastery home study course 14 videos plus the manual 2 497 value real world identity by design hypnotherapy certification home study course 1 497 value hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation master class 1 497 value we're going to give it to you free you can get the stealth cpi level one universal persuasion protocol home study course it's a 1947 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and. Finally the renegade reframing how to overcome any objection and change beliefs instantly one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value total value is nine thousand three hundred ninety one dollars now my job is to show you how to get from where you are to where you want to be and make it as easy as humanly possible. So for those of you who want to take action today i want to give you the best deal humanly possible you won't have to pay nine thousand three hundred ninety one dollars you won't have to pay six thousand three hundred and forty seven we're not even going to make you pay five thousand three hundred forty seven dollars you're not going to have to invest 3 347 you're not going to have to part with 2 347 heck you can get it all for one low investment today for 9.97 if you need a little extra help we have a recession buster prem you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 all you got to do to get yours right. Now and i would is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d mind once again with feeling go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind reserve your spot get your course and let us help you take your life to the.

Next level now for those of you who may be on the fence for those of you said okay. Okay. I get it david what's cats there isn't one right. All you got to do is test it take the course do the drills learn the skills apply them to your life for a full 60 days if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to more wealth and abundance and making more money if you're not closing more deals attracting more success manifesting the life of your dreams enjoying new and positive social encounters feeling more empowered if you're not on the fast track to feeling like you're becoming the best version of yourself if you're not satisfied for any reason i will refund your money you have absolutely nothing to risk in everything to gain test it you don't got to believe it for it to work that's the best part about this guys and gals you don't got to believe it you just got to do it i guarantee a good chunk of you on this webinar tonight when you started doing these drills you didn't believe it and.

Then stuff started to change imagine what you can do with the full system test it practice it let us guide you if necessary for a full 60 days after 60 days it's not it's not getting you the results we will refund your money. So you can find something that works better. But i promise you if you like even a little bit of what we've talked about we've under delivered what this course can do for you okay. So try it for 60 days and decide get yours now just go to www.davidsnydernlp.com [Music] forward slash mind david snyder nlp.com forward slash mind i see a different link is there are we having a problem with the link okay.

So um one more time www.nlp.com forward slash mind www.davisneternlp.com forward slash m-i-m-d okay. Um let me see here just one. Second okay. Now for those of you who are really action takers and you know who you are right.

I don't have to these are the people i really don't have to cajole. So much for those of you who are ready to take it to the. Next level for those of you who really want to make a change if you grab your course and all the goodies before the end of tonight july 13th 2022 at 11 59 pm i will include these special fast action bonuses and again the reason that i do this is because i have a very strong belief that the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced and. So one of the two key ingredients to success is action i want you to get in the game i want you to take action i want you to i want to reward you for that okay.

So for those of you who jump onto this right. Now we're going to include a three-month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group and access for those three months to our 11-year video archive now let me i'm going to jump off the powerpoint here just to explain this now a lot of you are familiar with the nlp power mastermind mentoring program. But for those of you who are new let me explain it in 2010 i was asked by a lot of my seminar attendees if i could create a mentoring program where people could get more hands-on practice because one of the things that you see if you've been in the self-help world for any length of time is that they'll tell you what to do if you spend enough money they might tell you how to do it. But.

Then you go home and you've got nobody to practice with you've got nobody giving you feedback you've got nobody looking over your shoulder right. To make sure you're getting getting the skill sets. So we created the nlp power master my mentoring program as a way for people to come in roll up their sleeves do the drills and get the skills okay. And.

So that's what we've been doing every single month since 2010 on the. Third saturday matter of fact it's coming up this weekend. So for those of you who want to get in this might be good for you right. Um literally what happens is you log in and we're going to be we're going to be reactivating our live events very very shortly.

So if you're in the southern california area you can actually show up in person from 11 to 4 p.m and i go around the room and i say stephanie what do you want to learn holly what do you learn seth what do you want to learn uh delilah what do you want to learn brandy what do you want to learn and i write what you want to learn about on the board and. Then i step back and i look. At what all of those things have in common and. Then i create the lesson plan for you on the spot and i drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep at the end of that six hours or.

However long it is you go out into the world to apply your new skills. Third saturday of. Next month you come in i'm going to ask the same questions what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today i'm going to write them we're going to create the lesson plan we're going to drill you on those skills every month is different every month is designed to drill down specifically on the skill set you need to move your life forward that week that day okay. You will not get a certificate from the mastermind what you will get is a skill set a skill set that you can use in your work your home your love life your business life and it covers everything from marketing to therapy to law of attraction to attraction to past life regression energy healing you name it we do it it's a completely member driven group mentoring process where you just roll up your sleeves and do it okay.

And you will meet some of the coolest smartest funniest people on the planet anybody here cool type type me if it's cool right. Anybody here like to do cool stuff anybody here like do cool stuff with cool people join the mastermind you will meet some of the best people on the planet you'll get a skill set that will make you unstoppable and when you apply it to your the techniques in your program your life will take off like a rock now here's the better part of that not only is that the grass part we've videotaped every single meeting since 2010 and archive them on the nlp power website on our private youtube channel and on our private facebook. Channel. So for the time that you're part of the mastermind you will have complete unlimited access to the entire 11-year archive stuff that's never been seen on youtube you see how much stuff we have on our open channel we have even more available to our private uh members and you can binge watch that to your heart's content right.

The only thing i'm going to warn you about is because it's member driven the content is it's it's it's random based on who's in the room that day. But if you just like the if you're one of the yes. Have some people like people who just show up and say i don't care what dave is teaching i'm just here. Then you're going to have a ball.

But you get to hang out with cool people who like to do cool stuff and if you want to stay we'll show you how to to upgrade your membership okay. So that's fast action bonus number one. But we're not done there for those of you who take action today total combined value by the way ten thousand seventy eight dollars this is a fifteen hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give it to you free just for trying out the program we're also going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this was a course i did on conversational hypnosis for people who want to watch a couple videos and start hypnotizing people today stealth is actually an acronym believe it or not for a strategic suggestion through emotionally amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis it covers the seven key language patterns it covers the three magic questions protocol instant and rapid inductions um anchoring and lie detection are part of this program as well it's designed for people who want to just know bs cut through the how do i hypnotize people and how can i do it right. Now you have two hours of video to watch you'll be hypnotizing people that night total value it comes with transcripts it comes with workbooks um and men okay.

Total value is 997 dollars we're gonna give it to you free. So total value of our package. So far is eleven thousand seventy five dollars if you're one of the. Next few people to grab the few remaining packages that remain the final bonus ticket or the final the final bonus that i want to share with you the fur you people who want to take action for those of you who really want the in-person experience which i always recommend we're going to give you today only a vip super ticket this super ticket is going to give you free admission to our very.

Next real world hypnosis and hypnotherapy identity by design four-day hypnosis certification boot camp live in las vegas august 1st through the 4th 2022 that's. Next month this is only limited to the. Next 17 people to register today it's a 2 250 value and we're going to take you through the entire identity by design process in person you're going to work with person after person you're going to get your stuff fixed we're going to remove blocks to your success we're going to remove the safety rules holding you back we're going to teach you how to change that voice inside your head we're going to teach you how to move through the world from the state of relentless positive playful triumph we're going to teach you how to remove the negativity from your past and others how to install it all in your gene level and. Then install the traits qualities characteristics and attributes of people you admire we're going to teach you instant and rapid inductions conversational hypnosis self hypnosis and a whole lot more you're going to get it live four days with me locked in a room going through the most powerful transformation process on the planet and when you come out you're going to be someone different and you can just use it for yourself or take it to your coaching or therapy or social businesses and utilize it to build better humans and make their lives better and make a difference in the world it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free.

But only for the. Next 17 people to register for this program today when i log off this webinar this vip ticket goes away okay. So total value for everything is 13 325 dollars here's what you're getting secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training and manual 2 497 value you're going to get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give it to you free you're gonna get the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery home study course fourteen hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give it to you free you're gonna get the stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol 1950 value we're going to give it to you free renegade reframing how to overcome objections and conversational belief change 1 950 value we're going to give it to you free and. Finally the nlp power the fast action bonuses the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and the unlimited three-month trial for their video archive 1597. we're going to give it to you free stealth is the conversation hypnosis crash course 997 free and of course that vip super ticket to the real world hypnosis identity by design super training live in las vegas nevada august 1st through the 4th all you got to do to get yours for one low investment of 997 or three easy installments of 397 is go to www.davidsnetternlp.com forward slash minb that's w www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d do it now do it now do it now do it now before they're all gone uh those vip tickets go fast guys www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d if you have any questions you can call our amazing administrative goddess stephanie skiba at 858-282-4663 or you can email her at stephanie at oops stephanie at nlpower.com now if you do call this is when the rush usually happens if you do call make sure if you get the voicemail you leave your contact information if you leave your contact information you will qualify for the bonuses if you call and you don't leave your contact information and you call back tomorrow you will not get the bonuses okay.

Do yourself a favor if you know this is going to take your life to the. Next level if you're ready to make a change you just need the steps click that link do it now okay. What we're going to do now is we're going to take a seven minute break to allow you guys to do whatever it is you need to do to move your life forward click those links and get your packages asked questions if you need to when we come back at about 5 47 we're going to go back to the foundations we laid at the beginning of today's webinar pardon me and we're going to continue to teach and we're going to customize the content for you we're going to give you the tools and the techniques to do the things you need to do today okay. So it is 5 39 it's about to change to 5 40 here we're going to come back at 5 47 feel free to type any questions that you might have in the chat planet david veterans if you see questions and i'm out you know getting rid of uh the borrowed tea that i've been drinking through the entire webinar please be feel free to answer it for them.

So uh we'll see you at 5 47. click that link okay. Guys my break i was back faster than i anticipated we still got four minutes left on our break. So if you guys have any questions uh pertaining to the package or to content of today's webinar um go ahead and type those in the chat and uh we'll see if we can give you some answers okay. Mira's asking how do i access the content uh you'll be able to create a an account on the uh david center nlp or nlp power websites and um you go to the my products link once you log in and you'll find all your content there waiting for you okay.

Let's see here yeah this the the jennifer the the the price on the website is what you're gonna get charged it's not the uh it's not the other one the price on the webinar not the website thank you david and you have a great name thank you david you have a great name too right. On oops okay. Anybody have some questions other than again products your product questions are fine can we inquire with stephanie about a payment plan for the yeah there is a payment plan it's uh three payments of 397. um the you have to talk to stephanie about how merciful she's being she's usually not though uh let's see here. But there might be other payment plans that you guys can work out how about some of our youtube folks any of our our youtube folks have a question go ahead and type those in the chat if you want okay.

We got two minutes left ask your questions folks i'm here i mean you don't have to ask about the packages you can ask about other stuff too how people build their criteria in values great question people build their criteria and values based on their socialization uh usually starts with their familial genetically uh or the family that they're born into and. Then they change over time as we get more pleasure and pain from various experiences. But the building blocks of criteria and values also known as our emotional motivation checklist are built from the same building blocks as every other belief and. So they can be changed it's just our criterion values uh tend to be older and longer and.

Therefore they can seem at least on the surface to be a little bit harder to change they're actually not that hard to change and there's just a few dynamics you have to pay attention to does genetics play a role absolutely absolutely the only thing we can't be sure of is what degree you know i'm i'm of the mind that we're looking at a probably a 50 50 split you know 50 genetics 50 percent nurture you know um your genes predispose you to certain things. But it's your life experience that really kind of determines how that stuff is manifested. So i really think that's kind of the best of both worlds all right. So we're back from our our little uh route into uh questions.

So let's get back to the content of tonight's webinars we'll come back to this in a minute and let me turn my camera back on okay. We're back. So this is where things start to get really fun i mean if you're if we're already having fun uh you're doing something wrong right. I really want you to really really think about are you are you ready for 20 years of the same life you've led or are you ready to make a change if you are you know what to do right.

If you're not okay. That's fine that's cool right. When you're ready you know where to go. But here's my question for you tonight now you've seen the foundations you've touched a little bit of the magic latent inside of your own neurology what do you want to do with it what do you want to focus on tonight you want a clear from your past do you want to remove a belief do you want to program things into your future what do you want to do type in the chat what you really want to focus on tonight do you want to remove pain and you know pain physically or emotionally from your mind and body what's on your menu what's your priority tonight what's going to move your life forward in the quickest way possible type it in the chat make money program a positive future clear okay.

Close sales cold calls get a lot people to commit to do it okay. I actually gave you the secret to that in part one program future okay. Keep going guys okay. All right.

Let's do a little bit of all of it what do you think. So what we're going to play with today is a set of processes that we developed over the years from various we you know we we're very much a multi-disciplinary integrative system our systems are constantly evolving they're constantly being field tested in real world scenarios with people all over the world you guys are part of that believe it or not if you've ever learned one of the techniques uh from our youtube channel gone out and and it actually worked for you you're part of that testing process. So energy spinning magic frame echo technique all the things where we've we've brought to the world we do it because you're our field test right. We test it ourselves.

But and we know it works. But you want to make a change you want to make your life different and. So we share with you pieces of the system. So that you can make changes and decide how far down the david rabbit all you want to go.

So let's go into uh three techniques i don't know if we'll get to all three of them on the webinar. But we'll cover we'll cover them as a system microsystem if you will we call it the transformational triad and with these three techniques you can train and change pretty much anything you want like i said we'll probably have time to go deep dive into one of them and would do a lighter more superficial treatment on the other two. But the idea is you cycle through them think of them like legos each lego can fit to the other lego in any sequence or any order you want depending on what you want to build and you have an infinite number of each of these types of legos. So you can build a death star you can build uh you know the uh the queen mary you can build the tower of london you can build a millennium falcon right.

Metaphorically speaking does that make sense if you're with me go ahead and type in the chat i'm with you cool all right. So let me pull this up really quick i'll cover that. Later i want to talk about the transformational triad. First let me find it okay.

I'm going to share my screen can you guys see this picture can you read it okay. Good. So what you're seeing here is what i call the transformational triad the transformational triad is built of three techniques you have magic frame energy spinning and of course color breathing now color breathing as well as most of these other techniques have levels to them we're going to talk about level 1 applications today magic frame is at the apex of the pyramid because it does one thing really really well that the rest of these techniques need and that is it eliminates safety lessons okay. You guys remember when i showed you the the identity by design hold on a.

Second where is it at no. Not it not it not it not it all right. Well you guys remember that seven stage identity by design process i showed you earlier right. You notice that magic frame was actually the.

Second technique in that system okay. So what we're going to do is we're going to start with this because and this is. So this is the protocol i want you to follow when you're out in the field and you're applying these techniques i want you to start with magic frame once you get all three of these techniques under your belt you can do them in any order in any sequence that you want. But for most people your unconscious mind has an agenda it has a reason for wanting to hold on to crap okay.

So we're going to talk about magic frame we're going to do it together as a group and. Then i'll answer questions and. Then we'll look. At these other methods.

So here's the. First thing i want you to do you guys remember that little game we played at the beginning of uh the training where i had to point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it you guys remember that yes. Or yes. Okay.

That's the. First part of the magic frame what we did actually was something we do in our consultation process called a frame game and what it does is it gives you it actually forces you to integrate the different divisions of your neurology into a cohesive system that works synergistically. So we get the internal nervous system working with the external nervous system the right. Hemisphere of the brain working with the left hemisphere of the brain the eyes.

And the hands connecting all the different brain surfaces in a way that's synergistic holistic and maximally communicates right. Again go watch instant immediate pain the immediate pain relief video you'll hear a guy going off on all the different parts of the neurology we're lighting up like a christmas tree you don't need to know any of that for this to work okay. So here's how we need to practice this okay. I need you to think of something that you want to get rid of maybe it's something that goes away and comes back or it's just something minor like on a scale of zero to ten it's like a one to three now i know ninety percent of you i'm going to say get a get a get a little mouse-sized issue you're gonna pick a godzilla size problem that's one of the reasons people get screwed up and they can't fix their own stuff okay.

It's not your fault there's a bias in your neurology that makes you kind of do that. But if you want to do self-work you have to flip the script on it. So for the training together right. Now today i want you to think of something that has an intensity level of about one two or three that you want to change when you have one type got it in the chat okay.

Very good excellent okay. Now as you close your eyes. And think about that thing you want to change i want you to notice that there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow and where they spread from take a moment as you become aware of it point to where you feel it now if ask yourself this question if there was a picture floating somewhere in the space around me that represents this feeling a picture that i could reach out and touch where might i reach out to touch it and go there. First impression now take both of your hands trace the outline of it with both of your hands now here's the secret you can pretend to do this and it'll still work i can explain that.

Later trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands let's make sure we've got the right. One grab it make the picture bigger notice what happens to the feeling in your body does it get stronger or does it get weaker it doesn't matter which one just notice which one you do when you got that put it back to its original size now pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the intensity of the feeling does it get stronger or does it get weaker whatever it is just make a note of it now put it back now what i want you to do is i want you to put a big thick black frame around that picture the bigger and thicker and blacker the better i want you to feel along the base of that frame and you're going to notice at the base of that frame are some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television i want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast when you find it turn the knob all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely and notice how that makes you feel when you got that turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide which one you like better and turn that knob all the way to the white or all the way to the black either way is fine and i want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and on that white it out or blacked out screen in glowing golden letters there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative i want you to write those lessons on that white it out or blacked out screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what those lessons are and they just boom right.

On the screen they go some people have no. Conscious idea what the hell to write on that screen that's okay. Your unconscious mind always knows. So just just like automatic writing let your unconscious mind just write now some people draw squiggles some people draw pictures some people are kind of reacting they go you you you that's okay.

Some people write with both hands simultaneously writing chinese and hebrew at the same time. However your body does it just keep writing you may notice feelings and emotions come up as feelings and emotions come up write them on that screen as they come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you hear them write all the lessons on that screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go keep all the lessons and let everything else go keep all the lessons and let everything else go now the screen will scroll like a tablet. So you have an infinite unlimited writing space keep writing until everything that's out in you is on that screen when you know you're done now my wife when she does this she is the king of overachievers she writes for 40 minutes straight keep writing when you're done reach up grab that frame shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind moves that postage stamp size square up over the top of your head and back further and further behind you until it disappears beyond the horizon feel it sink down beneath the horizon and as you do that you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail or a nail gun is pounding in nails at hyper speed feel it nailed back there for all eternity and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead when you're done testing type what you what you experienced in the chat release eddie said edie says good is he the only one who did this are you guys still processing by the way you might break out in a sweat when you do this you might feel emotions coming up that's just the purging process let it happen don't try to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process take away mike says relief very good tingly parts not really warm and tingly oh god my tingly parts got really warm and tingly oh goody for you nothing no.

Feeling great uh color frame or screwing instead of nailing okay. Very good okay. So let's let's diagram the process out shall we there we go okay. So what do we do let me share my screen here really quick jennifer says it's behind me i'm crying are they good is it a good crying or are not.

So good crying jennifer don't be surprised if your eyes. Start to water release yeah don't be surprised if your eyes. Start watering that's normal i'm sweating my eyes. Got watery room looks brighter perfect well done very good okay.

You don't have to believe it you just got to do it okay. Like i said in identity by design i'll teach you all the neuroscience i'll teach you why this my theory on why this works it's called holographic memory theory and it's a way of integrating all the different divisions of the neurology vibrational and organic. So now i'm feeling very still good excellent notice similarities to kinetic ship yeah um carl was heavily influenced by the spinning technique i don't want it to come back perfect that's exactly right. Tell carl smith i said hi he's a buddy of mine um he even stole his vest idea from me i'm gonna bust his balls about that one um okay.

So let me show you what all right. How much explanation do you really want about this technique or do you just want to keep fixing stuff which do you want to do i can explain it or we can just do more stuff what do you want to do let's go fix explain okay. We got one one and one here do more do more i want to do the image i want more okay. Explain steps okay.

All right. Let's let's walk through the steps again everything starts with point to where you feel it okay. Here's the thing i think i said this at the beginning of the webinar i don't know how many of you um i don't know how many of you remember me saying this. But if you this is something that you really need to write down and understand everything human beings do is in response to a feeling a feeling that you either want more of or a feeling you want a whole lot less of okay.

That's human beings in a nutshell okay. Everything we do is in in pursuit of a state change a body feeling change which usually has an accompanying psychological perspective change okay. Because of that one simple profound principle here's something i need you to understand every single issue that you have has a body location there is somewhere in your body where a physical sensation connected to an emotional sensation manifests the moment you point to where you feel it you access all the parts contributing to that feeling that's as far as i'm going to go into the explanation just know everything write this down everything human beings do is in response to a feeling a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want less of. Next axiom of planet david if you can point to where you feel it you can change it period i don't care if you if you're.

So dissociated from your body that when you point to it it's out here the fact that you can point to it means you can fix it now if for some reason you've got an extra layer of filtering that says i don't know where it is it's all over or it's nowhere pretend you know literally just pretend you know make up a spot it'll be right. And the reason for that organically is because the same parts of your neurology that manage this stuff is the same part of your neurology that accesses your imagination and makes things up. So when you make something up you're accessing the same information from a different path that's all you need to know you can do it in real time or you can just pretend to do it and it'll still work don't believe me just do it okay. Let's see here uh is that stuff can be safe yes.

In fact at the end it can be used very very well with autistic and asperger's people provided provided you can get them to follow the instructions everything that we're teaching here is predicated on one thing really one thing and that is the ability and willingness of the subject to follow the instructions if they have that you can get any change you want if they're not willing to do it if you're not willing to do it doesn't matter what how powerful you are the magic won't manifest because they're not willing to do it. But when you work together with someone and you both follow the steps to the best of your ability you don't have to be perfect at all you'll get change the only the only the only variable is time and intensity. But you will get change right. And one of the biggest barriers to getting change is when your unconscious mind has an ulterior motive for holding on to it and that is what magic frame is specifically designed to do for us it's designed to separate the reason for keeping it from the actual problem.

So we can keep the lesson and let everything else go that's why when you go back and you listen and you watch the technique again listen very closely to the words that i used keep all the lessons and let everything else go that is one of the constants that you will hear in every single video where i'm using magic frame now other people have been very successful using magic frame don't use those words right. But this is what has worked for me these are the words i'm comfortable with this is what gives me the biggest neurological bang for my book. So what do you do you point to where you feel it you reach out and touch it you make sure it's the right. One this activates and cements in the neurological connections between your exterior nervous system and your interior nervous system that's as far as i'm going to go with that once you've got that put a big frame around it find the knob at the bottom of the frame that whites it out or blacks it out take the your index finger or whatever hand or tool you want write the lessons connected to the issue on the screen shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp move it over the top of your head and as far back beyond the horizon as humanly possible allow your subconscious mind to do it for you and just notice it happening and notice how the feelings in your body shift and change hear the sound of a hammer or nail banging that back there.

So it's impossible for you to come back and. Then scan your body now for most people who do this there will be a 15 to 30. Second sometimes a little bit longer transition period like the body will start to shake or get hot or their eyes. Will frivolate their eyes.

Or water they might start yawning these are all signs of a neurology that's processing data let it happen just let it happen hold this if you're doing this with somebody else hold the space for them and let them process it out when they're done processing or when you're done processing have them scan your body try to bring the old feeling back notice what happens instead you're going to get one of three responses they're going to try to bring it back you're going to try and bring it back you won't be able to do it option two you try to bring it back the new feelings only get stronger option three you try to bring it back and you get pissed off and say i don't want this back you get any one of those three you're done right. If you get any other response you go into magic frame again or you go into energy spinning or you go into color breathing and you cycle through them until it's all zeroed out you guys with me. So far yes. Yes.

Okay. Cool all right. So before we get into the. Next piece i want to just remind you guys that um time's running out uh and we're almost out of those bonus packages.

So for those of you who are being on the fence and are waiting our. Last minute fence sitters or whatever now is the time to get your process right. You know you get the 14 video seven stage uh secrets of personality transformation home study course right. At two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars you're gonna have the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course seven 1497 value we're going to give you the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery home study course 1497 value we're going to give you the stealth cpi level one universal persuasion protocol system it's a one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're gonna give it to you free you're gonna get the renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change home study course valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're going to give you for those of you who are one of the.

First 17 we're going to give you these super fast action bonuses stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at 997 the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group trial and the 11 year video archive 1597. value for free and we're going to give you that three free vip ticket to the real hypnosis identity by design live las vegas super training um in august of 2022 august 1st through the 4th 2022. total value 13 325 you can get it all every single thing we've talked about including that vip bonus ticket the four days of live training with me for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you're if you need a little help for the r word we have a install three easy installments of 397. changing your life adding new income doesn't get any easier than this we will teach you how to take your life to the. Next level and help you help other people take your life to the. Next level all you got to do to get yours is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d that's www snyder forward slash m-i-n-d one more time with feeling www.davidsnydernlp.comind natasha says wow that's some incredible value right. There thank you natasha and i know you know what we're offering because i know you're familiar with carl and a bunch of other hypnotic heavy hitters in the real world.

So thank you for that all right. Let's get back to training oh seth's seth reed did my math says the value is actually 14 235. this is why i'm a hypnotist because math is not my uh i'm allergic to math. But. Anyway all right.

So everybody clear on magic frame yes. Or yes. Now when do you use magic frame once again if if you're out in the field and you you use it you do a process on something and it goes away and. Then it comes back you need to magic frame it if you if you're working with a problem that has you guys know what a sud scale is suds suds it's like on a scale of zero to ten right.

Let's say you were you're out in the field and you're deploying like kinetic shift or uh like mike mendel has um um mindscaping or whatever process. But for some reason it starts at like an eight or nine and it goes to a six or seven and. Then a five or a four and it gets like tell a one two or three and it just stops it doesn't it won't move any further chances are you've encountered a safety lesson you've encountered a hidden agenda the unconscious mind has a secret reason for not letting that go this is where you pull out the magic frame okay. We go much deeper into the explanations and the reasons why in identity by design and secrets of personality transformation.

But you don't need to know it right. Now to fix your own stuff okay. So let's say you've done that and it drops now it's become flexible it's plastic you can now deal with it now what can we do well one of the fastest techniques out there for just nuking stuff is known as has come to be known as energy spinning my personal more accurate name for it would actually be psychosomatic neuromodulation right. If you're in the uk they like to call it wait for it applied neurosimatic energetic repat active neurosomatic energetic repadming for some reason the brits like these long multi-syllabic answers.

But for brief we'll just call it energy spinning. So once again here's some here's what i want you to do okay. I want you to think of something on a scale of zero to ten preferably around a one two or three that you wanna change well let's let me ask you this would you guys like to get rid of something that's bothering you or would you just like to have intense pleasure which would you rather have type it in the chat let me know fun yes. What i what connor what does yes.

Mean intense pleasure okay. Yes. And yes. All right.

So bothering and okay. So here's what we're gonna do i want you got playfulness perfect i want you to close your eyes. Again if you're driving if you're driving don't do this right. If you want to experience it it's better do it if you're standing.

So again turn off the equipment put the car in park turn off the ignition get in a place where you can watch me follow along and do the drill and get the skill okay. So this is part this is another aspect of the transformational triad i want you to close your eyes. And i want you to think of a time in your life remember a time in your life when you felt the most amazing orgasmic or sensual pleasure emotional pleasure spirit i don't care what it was whatever the best anything you ever had was i want you to go there i want you to float back on the wings of time see what you were seeing hear what you were hearing smell and taste what you smell and you taste as you do that notice that there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment close your eyes. Point to where you feel it as you close your eyes.

And point to where you feel it look. Inside at that feeling with your inner eyes. And notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm curious i'm wondering what color or colors that might be for you. First impression now you don't got to type it in the chat just notice what those colors are whatever they are i want you to take both of your hands and physically reach into your body grab all that colored energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes that stuff hides and we don't want to miss a single drop of this amazing goodness when you don't know you've got it i want you to look.

At it i want you to notice did the color change or stay the same. First impression whether it changed color or didn't it's still perfect i want you to also notice now that it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning trace of direction to spinning with one of your hands and now since this is something we want more of i want you to physically grab it with both of your hands and i want you to play with the direction it's spinning until you find the direction that makes it exactly the way you want it to feel at the exact intensity level that you want to feel it i want you to spin it like a wheel and i want you to double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it slam it back into the spot you took. It out of notice the change notice it's strong notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your neurology any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done it's strong test it try to bring that old weak feeling back try to turn this new feeling this wonderful feeling off and notice what happens instead now many times as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your system we go through all kinds of interesting transformations some people break out in the sweat some people get hot all over some people get tight some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion surging through their body sensations they love.

However your body does it it's just the universal reset the neurological upgrades process there's no. Need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allowed to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to turn it off and notice what happens instead when you're done testing type in the chat what you experienced jennifer says i feel like it's devouring anything negative around it or you've evicted cool amazing very good great stuff excellent now that's the technique for pla again it's based on a techno. Understanding of the way your nervous system works that if you apply it um i'm on a high positive vibe very good melody you can do that technique all day every yeah you can use it on anything great stuff v and this should be repeated you can repeat it as much as you want i haven't found the top limit to this now let's say we want to get rid of something right. Same basic process jennifer says she feels safe perfect you point to where you feel it you look.

At it with your inner eyes. You notice the color take all the color out notice if the color changed or stayed the same notice what direction it's moving since you want to get rid of it you want to get rid of it you you make it you spin it the opposite of what it was. So it was spinning if you say you want to get rid of pain physical pain right. Works really well in physical pain and emotional pain this stuff work this thing works on stuff you wouldn't believe it could work on okay.

I've i've healed muscular dystrophy with this i've healed neuropathy with this i've shrunk tumors with this um i've gotten people out of fear and phobias 90. Second phobia cure boom done the guy the guy was. So cured he forgot he was afraid right. Again it seems like magic and it is because you are magic the magic is in you it's in the integration of your nervous system you see we live in a culture that teaches us a reductionist mindset that to really understand and do something we need to separate a from b and b from c and c from d and one from two and two from three.

But that's not how the universe built you your your system is not built around specialties it's built around and it's not built around disintegration and separation it's built around connection communication integration and when you can get all the different divisions of your systems communicating in a common language you gain you you generate an effect in the body that's greater than the sum of the parts because that's how you're designed to be okay. I don't know that i discovered anything. So much as maybe rediscovered it right. I think i've found fragments of these technologies in many many disciplines from very very old ones to very very recent ones.

But the magic is you it's not me. So much that i'm doing something to you i'm guiding you through a process that you are arguably doing with yourself okay. But the idea is i point to where i feel it i pull it out i notice the color i notice the direction if i want if this is my direction for pain or anxiety or fear or it doesn't matter if i make it the opposite of what it was and i double the spin that way i'm going to get the opposite effect right. So.

So let's see here m says i ultimately removed all pains from my body doing this process years ago yes. I've i i've i get stories from my students about this stuff and uh i'm just blown away that my students have done stuff with these things i never thought would happen i have one guy from my youtube channel you guys i had one guy was watching my spinning video and he's watching people i'm talking about the guy who i think i was talking about the guy who was tumor i shrunk and he looked down at his arm i think it was and he had these lipomas you guys know what a light poem is it's just a little fatty nodule below the surface of the skin and he looked at it he looked at the video he said can't hurt and he spun the he spun he did a spin on his lipoma he looked at it and. Then and he went to bed he woke up the. Next day it was gone he commented on my youtube channel said what the did you do to me i didn't do anything i showed you how to do it right.

And i've got stories like this all the time right. Because we believe that you know that these things are actually hard to get rid of and they are if we approach them in the conventional way. But if we understand that every single thing we experience has a structure to it a process and we understand how to find those patterns processes and structures we can change it one of my youtube guys is asking can you replace abuse substance abuse with this technique yes. Antron is asking about substance abuse i had one guy he was actually a recovering heroin addict and he came to my classes and he learned spinning and he knew he had he knew he had to go through rehab and detox and all this stuff and.

So he went into rehab and what happened was every time he started to have um you'd go into withdrawal every time a symptom would go up he'd spin it away he went through his entire rehab spending his stuff away right. That guy's name was zach um eduardo says that's me i think eduardo also uh did some of this he had some stuff again i don't want to speak out of turn um. But eduardo had some similar experiences i met him a couple of times in trainings and he and he came to the trains because of what spinning did and all these other things. So these things really do have the power to change your life if you use them.

But remember something and this is something i really want to stress the spinning the magic frame the color breathing they're part of a system look. What you can do with just pieces of the system what are you gonna be able to do when you got all of it right. Whether you get it today now or you wait and suffer a little more i don't know it's up to you right. When you want change i could actually feel the energy in my hands really yeah you will absolutely will there is an energetic component to this that i don't talk about when we're talking about how to program the subconscious mind we talk about the energetic aspects of it in vibrational influence and hidden laws of attraction okay.

So just to remind you guys we're coming up on uh towards towards the close i want to just remind you that when i log off this magical practice this magical system goes away and again it's the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study course you know uh 14 videos 2 497 value the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course again i'm sharing pieces of it. But believe me when you have the whole system you will not believe it your life will just keep changing it's a 1497 value you're gonna get the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control training home study course 1497 value the stealth cpi level one universal persuasion protocol 1950 value and of course renegade reframing uh conversational belief change a home study course 1950 value you get the stealth instant conversational gnosis crash course 997 value the nlp power mastermind mentoring program trial and the 11-year archive 1597 value and of course your free vip super ticket to the real world hypnosis identity by design super training live in las vegas august 1st through the 4th 2022 250 value and the nice thing about the vip tickets is they don't expire. So if uh. Next month is too short of notice just pick up the phone let stephanie know and we will move you to the.

Next identity by design if you want to gift that ticket to somebody maybe even sell it to somebody um we will you know you can do that uh if something comes up at the. Last minute your boss makes you work and you all of a sudden you can't make it all you do is pick up the phone let's definitely know we'll move you to another training if the training sells out which it actually might um and you want to go at the. Last minute if you present your ticket we will find you a seat okay. Prices no.

You're not the price points no. Longer matter whether it's the system is overbooked or not you can still find a seat. So it's a great value it's a great way to get your foot in the door and get some personal face time with me and a bunch of really cool people just like you who want to do cool stuff with cool people right. If you're one of those cool people who likes to do things with and do cool stuff with other cool people click that link now all you got to do it's a 13 325 value 14 000 if you follow seth's uh math you can get it all for just one low installment in 997 or break it up into three easier payments of 397. just click this link now go to www.nlp davidsnyder nlp.com forward slash mine that's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind uh www david snyder nlp.com forward slash mine jennifer is asking can you heal people at a distance with this yes.

However that's something we teach you in vibrational influence not in this package. So you will learn the actual physical techniques um that you can use on yourself and other people either through phone or through zoom or in person. But if you want to do vibrational or energetic remote healing you can take these same processes. But you need the vibrational influence remote influence training and integrate that.

So you'll learn what to do. But. Then how to do it comes at the. Next level for you guys.

So i hope that that makes sense okay. All right. Questions about energy spinning natasha says i want to learn vibrate oh we just did a natasha we just did a seven day extra vibrational influence extravaganza in costa rica we just got back it was amazing anybody anybody on the call tonight who was in costa rica want to tease natasha about what we did who else has questions nobody bueller uh al says what technique do you use to improve focusing on things i cannot focus and it's getting worse i start with magic frame and. Then fo and enter and this is the sequence i would go with magic frame energy spinning color breathing.

Next what you want to do is you want to find the the grid location where you store focus elicit the structure of the focus and the things you want to have more focus with change the sub modalities the constructs in your grid to match that turn the feeling of focus into a color breathe the color through your entire body. So the. First thing you want to do if you have trouble focusing chances are there's something that is intentionally. But unconsciously getting in the way of focus.

But there have been many times in your life when you were focused. So if you elicit those resources and you graft those vibrations and the structure of that process to the thing you want to be focused in your brain will do the same thing eduardo says when should i look. In my email for the. Next one of these what what these are we talking about specifically you talking about a webinar are you talking about your package no.

Package this time i think we've got we might have one more this month do you need to know the color meanings no. Not at all in fact one of the things about this particular technique is the less you know the better it actually it actually helps you do it better a lot of us operate under this somewhat limiting belief and it's largely a a a passed through or a remnant from psychoanalysis and psychotherapy training there's this belief that we have to know everything about a problem before we can fix it or that if we the old theory in psychoanalysis is if we consciously rationally understand why we're doing the things that are keeping us stuck that will just stop doing it because we realize the irrationality of it it's not true it's not true when it does work it takes years okay. My joke i make a little bit of a joke. But um my belief and my my gnosis my direct experience has proven this is that irrational problems require irrational solutions and.

So. Hence you have magic frame and color breathing and um. So whatever color i picture i just breathe through yeah. So what you're gonna what you're gonna what's gonna happen is you're gonna point to where you feel something there's gonna be a color connected to that issue if you ask your nervous system what color would dissolve it completely go with your.

First impression breathe that color through the affected area that area will change now you may get different types of effects when you use one color to dissolve another color in best case scenario you have like say you point here and it's green right. You ask your neurology what color would dissolve that it says orange you take the orange energy you breathe it through the green energy best you know in a perfect world the green energy dissolves and you're happy and you're free it happens a lot. But there's other things that can happen i point to this i say what color is it they say uh what color is all i say orange right. The area is this big i take the orange energy i breathe it through the green and the green area goes from this big to this big well what i've just done is i've i've dissolved the.

First layer and now i just wash rinse repeat the process what color is this one oh this one's green or a gray what color would you solve it yellow okay. I breathed my yellow through the gray now the area goes from this to this you cleared that issue now you have another layer what color is these is this one oh this is black okay. What color would dissolve it gold okay. I breathe gold through the black poof it goes away done that that shrinking effect we call the russian doll effect you ever see the russian dolls you open one there's another doll inside it you lift the head off that one there's another doll it's the same idea here when your unconscious mind is storing stuff it stores them by what they have in common and.

So you'll get layers to issues right. And. So each layer is a color and each color is dissolved or modified by another color now in real world trauma resolution and advanced hypnotic regression and holographic regression we have seven more levels to this we have seven more even more powerful techniques to take this to ridiculous levels right. But this.

First level is what i play with my kids when they have an ouchie or a booboo and it needs to go away what color is your booboo they go blue i said what color would make it feel better they go pink okay. Breathe pink through the blue notice what happened i would feel better boom done etion says. So we need to cycle many times these techniques to heal various layers sometimes yes. Sometimes no.

When you get identity by design you're going to be introduced to two sets of concepts the. First one is called the six dynamics of an unconscious response the. Second set is called energy center or body centered energy psychotherapy and. So one of the concepts that you'll learn about an identity by design and secrets of personality transformation is this idea we call the simatic search engine how many people have ever heard of this thing called google yes.

Okay. Do you ever notice that the information google gives you largely depends on how you ask the question well your nervous system works the same way how you ask the question will determine what information your autonomic nervous system gives you access to. So by asking better questions you can create situations in your neurology that allow you to heal things faster now we don't have time to cover that whole process today. But when you get your package it's all in there right.

There are six characteristics of an unconscious response you need to know those if you're going to do work on yourself there is a specific protocol called bucket listing in personality transformation that you need to know if you're going to do deep level work on your most heinous stuff if you don't have the bucket list process you're probably not going to get as far into the personal transformation work as you could if you did have it. But don't worry we teach it in personality transformation we teach an identity by design um we might even teach it in um hidden laws of attraction. But you'll get it three times in the package right. So you'll know how to do that um you'll also learn about what we call somatic address energy center um somatic address somatic bridge somatic search engine um the three the three key elements to the are our change work processes that we do all this and more it's all in there right.

So if you've got the package you're set right. Plus you get to come and do it live with me in las vegas right. Um. But that's uh those are things that again i can't i can give you pieces right.

I can give you pieces you can take and put to work right. Away. But if you want the massive change get the whole systems right. So on a.

Second okay. So we are we allowed to cite and quote you in our practice on social media i always give credit yeah it's fine yeah you know i'm a big believer in citing your sources right. That's why when people ask me do i have a reading list i laugh because seth is the keeper of our reading list and is probably over 150 books long yeah cite your sources and you'll be fine. So many people want to say they invented everything the white house of god says is this thing on right.

Okay. Anyway. So um one. Last time before we go you get the secrets of personality ultra mind control training get again the home study course two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value the online community you get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course the fourteen hundred ninety seven dollar value hidden laws of attraction fourteen hundred ninety seven dollar value stealth level one a universal persuasion protocol one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value you're gonna get free renegade reframing and objection belief change mind altering stuff one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value you get the stealth instant conversation with no.

Crash course uh 997 value the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group trial and the 11 year archive 1597 value and of course that free vip ticket to identity by design las vegas august 2022 it's a 2 250 value total value of the package 13 325 or more you can get it all for one low installment of 997 three easy investments of 397 just go to www.analyticalpower.com forward slash mind www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mi i want to thank you all for uh for coming by please click that link let's get together in las vegas and have a hell of a time changing your life and getting on the fast track to the life you want the way you want it you are a blessing you're the reason i'm here in the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long bye everybody good night god bless click that link we'll see you on the other side.
