Title: How To Read Anyone Using Chinese Medicine
File Name: oOw-EwfZcdc.txt
Video Id: oOw-EwfZcdc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOw-EwfZcdc

[Music] and just relax deeper things that make you feel smarter stronger more confident they're going to increase in direct proportion to the amount of pleasure you can feel. So big picture. I take his head. I take his hip.

I drop it the best thing about the past is that it's gone the things you're carrying around in your head they have information that's distorted they're imperfect photographs is there a significant shift from their normal. Baseline. Behavior when they lie fastest way to make someone fall in love with you. I'm teaching you to take the randomness out of it by the way this is not positive eye contact my name is.

David. Snider. I am a certified practitioner and trainer in neural linguistic programming licensed acupuncturist and diplomate of. Oriental medicine also a certified hypnosis trainer.

I was. I teach self-defense. But what do all these things have in common two words pattern recognition learning how to understand and pay attention to the body in ways that most people don't even realize are possible my specialty is the treatment and elimination of illness that has as cause repressed emotion welcome to face reading and secrets of. Chinese medical hypnotherapy the course that never existed until today this class like.

I said is a is a synthesis of several different disciplines with a large part of it coming from my experiences in the uh in the realm in the and the the field of. Chinese facial diagnosis. Chinese medical facial diagnosis which actually has a very long history um in the. Chinese uh.

Chinese culture at least 5,000 years that we know of okay. Um. Chinese facial diagnosis is a very large part of. Chinese medicine we can diagnose pretty much the entire system of the body through facial change coloration changes in the face different areas of the body correspond to different organ systems and things like that we're going to go through this in a more let's all turn our cell phones off.

I. I'm one of the biggest offenders of that. I was teaching a webinar. Last night my cell phone went off nine times and it was the same person every time yeah this is the class on energetic.

Psychotherapy that's what. I call it okay. There's going to be a very strong energetic component in what we do there's going to be a very strong spiritual component in what we do and what. I mean by that is and it doesn't really it's not about religion.

So per se it's about understanding that you are more than this physical body that there is a totality to your being that is processed holographically like white light is passed through a prism we express information as it passes through our system on multiple channels multiple levels simultaneously the. Chinese embraced this idea many many centuries ago uh in our modern in our modern terminology in our modern jargon we would call it holographic or fractal okay. Um in going through many of the aspects of this process um. I saw a lot of correlations and crossovers between what we do as hypnotherapists and what.

Chinese face reading is trying to do in its own way. So there are many different aspects to the face this one the one you guys keep taking pictures of which by the way is in your notes right. It's just not in full color this is the emotional map of the face when we start looking at profiling people like. I said before.

I. I do it in a very systematic way the way. I was taught we we learned all about. Jing.

First. Then we learned all about. Chi which is personality and temperament. Then we learned about the.

Shen which is the sexuality the uh romance psychopathy things like that um there's a lot of things that are they're all it's all important. But depending on where you're going to be applying your information some things are more important than others right. So the. First thing we want to look.

At we began with was separating into. Yin and yangang right. So we have this divide across and we have. Yin.

Andy. Yang to the right. Yin. Andy.

Yang to the left right. So when we start to look. At people the. First thing we look.

At is we we try to look. At the you know the overall features that jump out at us we want to look. At their inner nature versus their outer nature right. So we look.

At people through our right. Side we look. At their right. Side we will see the face they want us to see we look.

At them through our left eye at their left side we'll see the face they keep behind closed doors. But what do we look. For we look. For for emotions we look.

For differences in the. Symmetry okay. So as we look. If we have lines above our eye in this area this indicates somebody who has a healthy degree of skepticism right.

These are people who don't take anything at face value they have to see it they have to experience it and they and it's an area. So right. Skepticism. Next line we want yes.

You were saying healthy skepticism is there a point where you can tell maybe it's too much they're very deep right. If they're very remember the intensity of the trait is measured by the depth and the breadth of the of the of the marking okay. Just like in handwriting analysis the intensity of emotional expression is related to the handwriting pressure and the slant okay. We can look.

At the intensity or the depth of a feeling or emotion or an issue or a trait by how. How. Deeply it's marked that area [Music].
