Title: O8PhL8Sivbs.txt
Video Id: O8PhL8Sivbs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8PhL8Sivbs

Hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David checking in with you how yall doing. I see we got.

Manfred checking in from. Germany anybody else my webinar alarm is going off that means it's time to start how about that all right. This is. Dr.

David welcome to face reading for. Fun and. Profit face reading. Secrets.

Revealed tonight's webinar is about one of my one of the most fascinating topics. I've ever come across and it starts with this idea of you know when. I was young um. I.

I was the quintessential bullied kid um um you know you've met these you know these kids the the kids that they have no. Social skills uh little to no. Social awareness they're very awkward and. So they're often the brunt of jokes or they do just about anything to to be accepted and to be popular now why am.

I why am. I bringing that up um because one of the things that happened to me growing up was. I didn't know who. I could trust.

I didn't know who. I could believe. I didn't know who was trying to was trying to make fun of me trying to use me trying to uh you know take advantage of me in some way and. So.

I became extraordinarily obsessed with body language. I became extraordinarily obsessed with learning how to read people and that took. Me in a lot of very very interesting directions uh because of the bully being bullied. I.

I went into the martial arts because of uh the the constantly being lied to and and played tricks on and stuff like that. I got very very um self-aware. I guess as a could say you think of it like um a sort of hyperacuity syndrome right. It's um.

I forget what the exact term is uh and if. I seem a little whiffy it's because. I've just spent the. Last um hour in the car with with.

California traffic trying to uh get my daughter before the webinar started. So. I'm a little whiffy see everybody's checking in. So.

Anyway bottom line is my studies eventually took. Me to an art and science called. Chinese face reading which was based on this concept of. Oriental.

Medical diagnos is now when. I was. First learning face reading. I thought it was all about just diagnosing your liver your heart your kidney your spleen whatever.

But as. I got deeper and deeper into it. I realized that there was a whole system of psychology behind this that you uh these these old. Chinese face reading.

Masters could look. At your face and they could tell things about you that even your best friends didn't know and. I became really passionate about it because of my background being picked on and and wanting to understand people and things of that nature and it became one of of the most powerful tools. I had for helping my clients and myself um to really move forward in life.

So. I want to share a lot of these things with you tonight. So before we get into the nitty-gritty. First of all if you're brand new to.

Planet. David please type in the chat your name where you're checking in from and really what you want to take away from tonight's training right. What do you really want to know about right. Um if you're a veteran of.

Planet. David type in veteran how long you've been in. Planet. David and uh you know what's it done for you you know let people know that we've got a mixture of new people we've got a mixture of of veterans in here uh few things if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your. Next two to three hours okay. We're going to go through what we call a three a free form webinar the.

First it comes in three phases the. First phase is foundations we're going to give you the exact techniques and and principles that you need to be able to go out and apply the techniques and the methodology. IES that uh we're going to be sharing with you in phase two we're going to show you how to take it further how to actually level up your skills how to instead of testing the waters how to dive in with both feet and really get this training for yourself in phase three we're going to circle back on the on what we started in phase one and all we're going to do is we're going to customize tonight's content we're going to give you um the exact applications the exact face reading information to help you apply this out in the real world for your benefit. So um.

So if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn in tonight's webinar we've got time for this. So my commitment to you today is. I will take you as far down this. Rabbit.

Hole as. I can. I will teach you as much as. I can within the three phases and.

I will point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step if that's something that appeals to you does that sound fair if you think that's air fair trade go ahead and type that's fair let's do it in the chat okay. If you hear the dings it's because. I got all these alarms on my on my uh my messenger and everything else.

So just uh work with me here okay. All right. So we got rod from susex we got uh. Kenny from.

Michigan we've got uh. Jacqueline been on planet. David for two years nice. Alexia that's fair mark from.

California camera's off that's all right. And. Arthur. I said we got some good people here good excellent excellent excellent okay.

First and foremost um couple of things you will need for tonight you're. G to want something to take notes on and with right. You're going to want to be as participatory in tonight's webinar as humanly possible okay. I'm not a big.

PowerPoint fan. But face reading is kind of a visual medium. So. I have to kind of jump in and out of.

PowerPoints say a little bit more than. I would like. But before we do that let's make sure that you guys are in the right. Place okay.

And here's how we're going to do that. I'm going to ask you guys some questions and if these questions apply to you. I just want you to type yes. That's for me in the chat can we do that go ahead and let me test that now go ahead and type that in the chat oh by the way special shout out to my followers on.

YouTube over there you guys have been hanging out in the chat for almost 90 minutes or over almost two hours waiting for this thing to start. So if you would like to learn how to become more fascinating attractive to the opposite sex and make them find you charming and irresistible type that's for me in the chat face reading can absolutely do that for you if you'd like to be able to banish fear and insecurity from your life radiate confidence assertiveness power and just be the the top the top person in a group right. If that's something you'd like type that in the chat if you'd like to be able to make more money from your job or book. More clients for your business or get that razor promotion you know you deserve go ahead and type yes.

That's for me in the chat if this is a big one this is a big one especially for tonight's webinar if you'd like to protect yourself from manipulation and manipulators if you'd like to learn how to hand more easily handle difficult people right. To figure out who was most likely to be the difficult person before they've even opened their mouth type that's for me in the chat if you'd like to have people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want them to. So they naturally want to follow your lead type that's for me in the chat okay. If you'd like to be able to attract attract surround yourself with lots of new trustworthy loyal friends type that's for me in the chat if you'd like to have people liking and admiring and trusting you even loving you in the shortest amount of time possible if you'd like to find the love that's right.

For you oh here's a good one type that's for me in the chat okay. If you answered yes. To any two or more of these questions you are in the right. Place if you answered no.

To any of them when would now be a time to like go go to. Starbucks and get a coffee or something because that's really that's really not what we're about tonight okay. We're we're going to give you the master keys to doing this and. I want to make sure that everybody's in the right.

Place. So that being said um cool all right. So um let's well you know let's just go start with what. I lovingly call the.

Dr. David dog and pony show right. And we'll go ahead and. I just want to close this there's a bunch of things up here that.

I don't need to see all right. All right. Let's go ahead and let's start with our. PowerPoint and we'll jump into it okay.

Uh hold on all right. So. First question that always comes up especially for new people is who is. Dr.

David. Snider and why should. I care. First and foremost.

I am an actual doctor. I have a doctor acupuncture in. Chinese medicine from. Pacific.

College of. Oriental medicine. I'm also currently working on a. Second doctorate in medical chiong uh through the banag gang.

Temple which is a medical degree as a religious. Dost organization as well. I'm also working on several other uh religious degrees there mystical degrees. I should say in both.

Christian mysticism. DST mysticism and. Buddhist mysticism. So.

I have. I'm very much a student of mysteries. But. I'm also a student and a big believer in using the.

Sciences to explain a lot of metaphysical or mystical. Concepts because to me they're all the same they're just using different words and metaphors to do that. But. I did have a pract.

I do have a practice. I've been seeing clients for over 17 years where my specialty in was in my my clinic was in. Salon. Beach.

California where my specialty was treating physiological illness that was caused by repressed emotion okay. And when we talk about repressed emotion this is one of the reasons why face reading was such a huge huge benefit in my practice because 99 in my opinion and in my experience over 90% of the people who are suffering from terminal and chronic illness those illnesses are caused by repressed emotion and that was the focus of our our clinical practice for many many years and face reading gave me the ability to corroborate what the emotions. I was releasing were versus what was markings on the face and one of the interesting things from a medical perspective is that when you are starting to uh release the emotions locked in a person's face now you don't have to believe this that's another thing about tonight's webinar you don't have to believe a damn thing. I'm about to tell you all you got to do is do it and see what happens okay.

But when you actually um unpack a facial marking that and and the emotion is completely cleared that marking actually. Fades and goes away. I've seen people's faces change dramatically in the course of a 90minut session and if you start applying this stuff well and if you have techniques like the transformational. Triad um regression techniques spinning and you know.

Magic. Frame those kinds of things you can start to unpack the markings of the face that are connected to repressed emotions and you'll see those markings change you don't got to believe me you just got to have the tools to do it and you'll be able to experience it for yourself um that being said uh let me go back to my. PowerPoint here really quick. So yes.

Um. I also am the number one. NLP trainer in the world in fact one of the things. I.

I very proud of is for the past four years 20 21 2020 21 22 23 um our program killer influence has been named the number one. NLP product or. NLP training program in the world by folks like you as well as my peers. I've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from conversational hypnosis practices for health and healing to.

Advanced sales and marketing techniques to uh. Law of. Attraction and persuasion you name it storytelling and metaphor conversational belief change we do it all at. Planet.

David our job is if you got problems we got. Solutions and we're going to show you how to do that. So this is uh my little uh blurb from go uh the global gurus. org this website back when. I was named the number one.

NLP trainer in the world um this is our copy of the letter we got from. Global gurus and this is our most recent um program the reason. I'm bringing this up is because much of the things that we're going to be sharing with you are act tonight are actually also taught in this particular course. So.

I wanted you to know that this stuff is has been tested over and over again and if you're ready uh to play and have some fun with this uh you can literally start to do what we call in. Planet. David see the. Matrix and one of those places that you can see the.

Matrix is on the the face faces of the people around you okay. Um this is where a lot of my training in in the. Chinese system started. I also.

I'm a lifelong martial artist. I have a 10th degree black belt in. Ruku. Kempo.

Karate which is an art that specifically um specializes in working with and using the acupuncture points and meridians and energetics for self-defense uh. I've been doing that for most of my life and it's it opened a massive door for me and. I'm hoping it'll help you guys open those doors as well. I have a fourth degree black belt in shaan.

Kau. Second degree black belt in kosha. Karu. First degree black belt in furu.

J ju-jitsu. I'm also a certified instructor in combat. Systema and. I'll just cut to the chase as you can see down here.

I have more energy healing credentials than. McDonald sells hamburgers. I've been doing cabala since before. Madonna ever heard of cabala.

So. I'm very much a primadonna uh and. I've been doing raiki since before raiki was cool. So um you see this laundry list of all these things people often ask well what the hell all these things have in common why do.

I care well. First and foremost the one thing that all of these disciplines that. I've just talked about from the. Chinese medical side to the martial arts to the.

NLP and hypnosis to all of the energy healing system systems one thing that where they all come together is in this concept we call pattern recognition everything human beings do has a structure a process and a pattern to it and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you will be able to read those patterns and make predictions and interventions in a very powerful very direct way and and know what the outcome is going to be if you're here let me let me jump out of this really quick if you're here because you're tired of you want want a little bit more you want less. Randomness in your life you're in the right. Place everything we do here at.

Planet. David is about raising your awareness. So you have more choice and that choice equals control and freedom right. Whether you're coming here to learn how to meet and attract your ideal mate whether you're coming here to learn how to make more money whether you're coming over here to overcome health problems or getting you know to grow spiritually we have processes for this and face reading tonight is one of those.

Crossroads where all of these things blend. B and merge together okay. So um if you stay for tonight here's what my plan is for you okay. And and again type this in the chat if you think that these are these are cool things for you.

I'm going to read it off my. PowerPoint rather than have you look. At my. PowerPoint because.

I think. I'm much better looking than my. PowerPoint. But that's just me right.

If you'd like to learn how to look. At anybody and understand their personality and temperament better than the people who've known them for 20 years you're in the right. Place. I'm going to show you how to do that if you'd like to learn how to track and see a person's trauma and emotional uh repression history on their face.

I'm going to show you how to do that. I'm going to teach you what to look. For to a greater or lesser degree to gauge sexual and romantic compatibility it's really cool and. Finally.

I'm going to show you how to become a master of reading people and influencing them to do what you want the way that you want it okay. So my biggest question for you and again this is where we start to get more. Interactive because this is where. I begin to really customize these things for you.

I want to know when you saw tonight's webinar there was something that you really wanted there was something that you said if. I just got this one thing as a byproduct of tonight's training it would be this and it would be awesome. I want you to think about it if if there was think of this to yourself if there was one thing that. I got as a byproduct from tonight's training what would it be.

I want you to write it in the chat just type it in the chat right. Now okay. Uh those of you who are. Julie says sure would.

I think. I do that some of that now okay. Man. I love.

I love that you guys are chatting in the in the tech in the in the in back and forth. But remember we have we're in a class. So confidence. So.

Sarah says confident honestly a lifelong learner. I'm after a deep understanding of all that is okay. Take the wrinkles out of my face oo. I just gave you the master key to that clear traumas okay.

Laura says excellent now this is the. First part of your drill. I want you to write. I'll get out a piece of paper.

So. Alexa wants to help more people. Doug is into self-healing. Sarah wants to recognize.

Hustlers. Sarah you're in the right. Place tonight by the way uh and you'll see why as we get toh part two of the webinar um okay. So here's what.

I want you to do. First things. First. I want you to get out a a piece of notebook.

Paper like just like. So right. And all. I want you to do is at the top of the webinar just write out the question what do.

I want to get as a byproduct from tonight's webinar right. Write that write the answer you typed in the chat at the top of the screen okay. So health and. Law of.

Attraction assumptions find good people okay. So. I want you to go ahead and write that on the screen we're gonna we're gonna do some drills with this this is actually gon. I'm.

G to teach you one of the most important skills that. I teach all of my students and. I consider you my student now whether you're been with us for two years or you know this is your. First time we're going to start by going through a process together called the emotional motivation checklist you see everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of.

However some thoughts and some feelings we're. Society has taught us we're not allowed to have and. So we repress them and that's where these markings come from okay. But what.

I want you to learn how to do is. I want you to learn how to tap into your needs your values the things that actually cause you your neurology to stand up and take notice okay. To stand up and take notice. So to do that we're going to go through a couple of drills together that if you practice this drill on yourself and.

Then you practice it with other people you will have people eating out of the palm of your hand you will have them salivating to do business with you salivating to go out with you salivating to spend more and more time with you okay. And we're going to do this before we get into uh too deep into the face reading piece because one of the things we need to do is we need to be able to bridge we need to be able to read people externally. But we also need to tap into their hearts. So at the top of your sheet what.

I want you to do is. I want you to actually write down what you want to learn from tonight. So p. Pier marishal says.

I'm already using accidental face reading and want to improve my practice great you're in the right. Place you're in the right. Place. Pier.

Roy says. I want to read people's faces understand them better write down under that question. I what's important about the thing you said. So like.

Sarah was saying recognizing. Hustlers our confidence what's important about that to you uh. Brandon says immediate appropriate application and execution okay. Perfect write those down we'll come back to them.

Later okay. Because my job is to show you how to get those things. I want you to just connect that to what. I'm going to be sharing with you.

First and foremost one of the. First things we need to understand is that people make decisions based not on logic. But on feelings. So let me ask you a question what if we could look.

At somebody's face and in 30 seconds or less know exactly what kind of a decision maker they are if we had that that seemingly x-ray ability just look. At somebody's face and know okay. Do. I need to be emotional with this person like like emotional and gut and instinctive with this person do.

I need to be pragmatic with this person do. I need to give them facts and figures what do. I need to give these people. So that they'll willingly choose to do the things.

I want them to do what if we had that ability what would that do for you type that in the chat for me what could you do with that. The. Equalizer movie okay. Change my whole life.

Julie says yes. Right. Confidence be able to trust myself and be able to achieve my dreams instant. Rapport uhhuh.

Doug says more confidence absolutely you know one of the things back when. I was teaching um one of the very. First courses. I ever created was a course called secret orgasm tips and it was a course on sexuality it was a course that would teach any person how to be their partner's ideal lover the.

First night they were together even before for many times they got the close off now why am. I talking about that it's because many of the principles that go into being a great lover are also go into being a great communicator the. First one is paying attention pay attention pay attention pay attention. But there was a comment in the chat that.

I want to that that that kind of triggered this thought one of the things that if you're learning about dating and attraction that you always run into is this thing called approach anxiety right. Anybody here by show of hands ever experienced social social anxiety or approach anxiety you see someone that you really want to get to know and like before you even take a step you're running these crappy movies in your head you got these these knots in your stomach right. You know what. I'm talking about right.

Cold sweats breaking out everywhere okay. So here's the thing. I'm. GNA teach you some things tonight that aren't on the standard curriculum things to look.

For that will help you know if the person that you're talking it's facial stuff things that you should look. For um to let them know that that person actually wants or is open to you coming and talk to them. But one of the things. I would teach my my students back.

Then was if you could look. At a person and know beyond a shadow of a doubt that that person actually was interested and willing to talk to you how nervous would you really be about going up and striking a conversation with that person and that's the question. I'm asking you if you could look. At somebody and know beyond a shadow of a doubt that they were actually open and willing to talk to you how much nervousness would you have you're.

GNA have some because it's a new person. But that's not really nervousness it's excitement right. Would that make it easier for you okay. All right.

So what we're going to do tonight. Then is we're going to deviate a little bit when we talk about. Chinese face reading we're talking about something. I call passive profiling well if there's a passive profile.

Then there must be active profiling right. So what do. I mean when. I say active profiling versus passive profiling okay.

First and foremost how many of you by show of that. I. I me in the chat have heard of something called micro. Expressions if you if you've heard of micro.

Expressions type that in the chat okay. Excellent how many of you ever heard of my my good friend uh. Chase use author of the behavioral table of the elements if you haven't heard of. Chase that's all right.

You you'll hear about him in my world long enough right. And. Then. Finally um.

Dr. Paul. Eckman yes. If you haven't got his book.

Telling lies or emotions revealed get them they will change your life okay. So. Dr emman was the person who discovered micro. Expressions now micro expressions are these tiny little muscular movements of the face that flash across it's almost like a subliminal message like it's it's there and it's gone in in a fraction of a.

Second and what he discovered was these these markings manifest when someone is actively trying to mask or hide an emotion okay. Now those are the key words mask or hide an emotion in other words um probably one of the most common ones is you'll see people in in the. LIE detection world or world of sociopathy narcissist you'll hear about this thing called duping. Delight where a person is being interrogated by the police and they think the police you know they in their mind they think the police are stupid.

But they're playing this role. So every time they tell a lie you'll see this little this this little tiny. I had to make it bigger for the camera. But these little tiny movements right.

So micro expressions are what we call call. Active profiling in other words when. I'm talking to you and we're interacting. I'm watching your pupil dilation.

I'm watching your eyebrow fluttering. I'm watching the the areas around your mouth and the areas of your eyes. To see when they change and depending on how they change. I'm getting a flash an instant update on what emotions you're processing that's what we call.

Active profile okay. Face reading. Chinese face reading for the most part is what we call passive profiling now passive profiling means if. I did if.

I spent 50 years rep uh um practicing a micro expression of disappointment can you see my can you see my lips go my my my this movement eventually that's going to. Mark it's going to leave a wrinkle there okay. So passive profiling or face reading is the consequence of a lifetime of micro. Expressions now the ancient.

Chinese over 2500 years ago began realized that the emotions we process leave marks in different places on the face and after many many years of just looking at one person after another they started to realize that these markings formed a pattern that was predictable and reliable and would and would relate to different organ systems relate to different emotions everything. So as part of the as an introduction into where we're going. I wanted to make the distinction between passive. I'm sorry passive profiling and active profiling are we clear on the distinction they're very complimentary.

But they're not the same thing does that make sense okay. So let's go back to this whole idea of being cool with with walking up to people okay. Uh my good friend. Chase huse developed a program called the six-minute.

X-ray uh. Chase is one of the world's leading authorities on mind control and body language and things like that and one of the things that um we both discovered in our own research was something what. I call the positive eye contact uh cluster. So if you look.

At somebody okay. And they and you make eye contact with them and they smile and you see these little wrinkles come up at the sides of the face and their eyebrows do this can you see that right. We call that the unconscious hello now in order for you to be certain those three things have to be seen together right. And you can actually.

Walk. This is actually a great thing you can start doing right. Away as you walk down the street or when you're walking down the mall or or whatever make eye contact with someone smileing do this and more often than not you'll see them return it this particular movement with the eyebrows is known as a key stimulus these key stimuli are hereditarily programmed responses they're like reflexes um that people automatically engage in when they're approaching a stranger okay. Another example a little bit gross actually is from the the bird world there's this one particular species of bird that has this this bright.

It's a dark bird. But it has this white spot right. In its chest and the mom would go out looking for food and would come back to the nest and somehow some way the baby bird in the nest knew that if it grabbed a little little twig or something like that and poke that little white spot the mom would regurgitate the food. So he could eat no.

One taught it how to do that it's it's a genetic response this this eyebrow. Flash that. I'm teaching you is something that all mammals do okay. So a lot of people say make eye contact and smile that's that's one thing the problem is is that you have to be able to tell if it's a genuine happy to see you smile or a social smile and the way you distinguish that is uh imagine you have a little covering and that's covering the smile are they dead from the nose up right.

If you're if they're smiling right. But the eyes. Aren't that's not a genu that's a polite smile. But it's not a social smile.

So if you see that and you don't get the eyebrow flash that's a sign that you have to approach more cautiously approach more gently spend more time creating comfort and building. Rapport. But if you get the eyebrow. Flash and the wrinkles here at the zygomatic.

Arch that's a sign that says hey go ahead and talk to me. I'm open what if they had. Botox it's a r. God.

I haven't seen you in forever um if they had. Botox they'll be less emotional here. But their eyebrows will still flash right. So.

I get. I get the botox question a lot. So you have to look. At other behaviors okay.

But is this is this helpful does this is this useful type it in the chat okay. So now here's the. Next question going back to decisions if we could look. At somebody and figure out okay.

How does this person make decisions what does this person uh how do. I need to present my case to this person whether it's you know presenting them on a product or putting your best foot forward how can. I know what to say to them and that's what's going to bring us to our. First chart let me go ahead and throw this up here um.

So the. First thing we want to do is we want to divide the face into three zones three zones you have the upper. Zone the middle. Zone and the bottom zone now when we look.

At the top of the. Zone we want to measure this from the eyebrow line let me. I want to get my uh there we go my draw line there we go go and close how do. I close that okay.

Oops that's not not what. I wanted okay. So this area here from the eyebrow line to the top of the head is known as the mental. Zone okay.

Let me make this bigger because. I can't really write in people with a large upper zone are going to be very data driven. I will give you a real life example with someone with a very big upper. Zone see that that's a big upper.

Zone see how big right. I am extremely data driven right. This is me right. Now again.

I. I'm pretty balanced in my other zones. But really. I think this has actually gotten bigger uh the longer.

I've been in this world right. Uh my friend. Brandon and my partner. Brandon who's on actually on this call he has a classic um.

Maris diamond shaped face every time. I ask. Brandon a question he answers me with a spreadsheet he has a massive massive. Dome up here right.

So when you see someone with a large upper. Zone compared to the other two zones which we'll talk about you can automatically realize that this person is very knowledge driven they're very data driven now it doesn't mean if they have a small. Zone here and a bigger. Zone here that they're not as data driven.

But this is their priority if that makes any kind of sense. So if you go up to this person and you say. I've got this amazing new invention you're going to love it. First thing out of their mouth is they prove it where's your data show me your show me the the stats show me the brochure show me the pamphlet right.

That's what they're goingon to do they're gonna they're gonna they're gonna want to see your data show me the proof right. Now little fun. I'll talk about remind me to tell about the exercise. I want you to do after the webinar.

But what about the other zones if you see someone who's got a bigger middle. Zone this is someone who's very pragmatic they want to know exactly what it's going to do for them. So in other words what's it going to let me do what's it. GNA do for me right.

Very pragmatic. So if their middle zone is bigger than their upper. Zone and you lead with data the. First thing they're going to say.

So what how's that going to help me okay. You guys with me. So far on this. I'm gonna see if.

I can um open the chat. So. I can see the chats a little bit okay. Good excellent.

So that brings us to the the. Third. Zone which is obviously the emotional zone now this particular. Zone this one is causes a little bit of confusion usion with people sometimes you ever talk to somebody about something and they get this look.

On their face they says well you know. I really don't love it that's these people right. People with a large lower zone are very very driven by emotion they're they're often very what we call. Gut driven where's my.

I think my mouse just just died my mouse just died hey. Moss bring me another. Mouse um. So.

I'm gonna have to go over to the this particular. So in this. Zone here hold on again it's my it's ever since. I started doing this crazy.

Chiang. I've been uh plagued with all kinds of weird electrical stuff dead once you don't it's not working either okay. We'll get you another one okay. You're gonna have to bear with me folks because we had a minor technical snafu here um this is where.

I could use a touch. Street all right. We'll try this one more time make sure. I sink it up with it um.

I don't even got plug over here yeah might be a power. I don't want. I don't want. SC.

I just plug this one in [Music] here this is just weird okay. The laptop it has the um. I don't know. I've never had this happen before this just everything just locked up bear with us folks the computer might be the computer all right.

So guys uh. I'm gonna make. I'm gonna try. Anyway to make moss a co-host oh he is a co-host all right.

So here's what's going to happen. I'm going to reboot my computer and come back in give me like five minutes. I really apologize for this. But.

I really. I can't move any further with the. PowerPoint uh until we reboot okay. So just give me uh give me five minutes to reboot and get set up and we'll be back on track if if for some reason the chat closes um okay.

Well. I don't know what's. I don't know how it'll affect the guys on. YouTube that's my my biggest concern okay.

All right. So just bear with me folks why can. I not can. I not see oh there.

I am hey guys uh. I'm actually coming in from a laptop right. Now we're still trying to reboot. I just didn't want you guys to feel like.

I'd abandon you um. I'm actually working from the laptop. So we're trying to get this set up for for you guys all right. So uh let me see.

I got to find actually now uh. I got to find my face reading. ST fortunately it's right. Here.

So let's go ahead and share the screen talk about this there we go. So let me share my screen and we'll get here's the mouse okay. Thank you sure and you keep working on that and see if you can get something going on all right. So let's go back to sharing screen got make this smaller.

I'm. So used to a 65 inch touchcreen that working with these tiny. FR tiny screens is a little bit challenging for me hold on a. Second.

So why are you not showing okay. Here we go all right. So when we look. At the zones of the face okay.

It's easy to look. At this and say okay. This person has a high forehead uh and. So.

I'm going to give him data this person has a big middle zone. So. I'm gonna tell him. I'm.

GNA talk about how pragmatic they are this person has uh a very gut driven face. So. I'm going to talk about how they're going to love it. But here's a easier what.

I think is a better way to do this uh and it's based on my background in. NLP. So. I'm.

G to um if you guys need to take a screenshot of this go right. Ahead and type in the chat when you've got your screenshot can you guys see okay. Now uh some some of you are asking me to zoom in okay. Good all right.

So upper. Zone once again data driven middle. Zone pragmatic practical right. Bottom zone is uh the emotional instinctive.

I want you to think of this as a code where you know if if and again if you go over to if. I just move to the side a little bit here one two three what does that mean if. I see someone who's a one two three that means their their upper zone is their biggest. Zone their middle zone is their.

Second biggest. Zone and their lower zone is their. Third biggest. Zone that tells me that if.

I want present to that person okay. Yes. My desktop is very small compared to where. I was right.

That means if. I want to present to this person. I talk about the data. I tell them all the research that's gone into it.

I talk. Then. I talk about what the specific things it's going to do for them and. Then.

I talk about how much they're going to love it and to to to. Really stimulate that emotional desire. I'm going to tell stories. I'm going to literally put them in the future having experienced the amazing benefits uh of that product or service and how much that how good they feel about it.

So it's easy this is this the same kind of thing happened in the. NLP days when people looked at um visual auditory kinesthetic gustatory the basic modalities right. What happened is people would would get confused because the they found out that they were primarily a visual person they would just say. I'm a visual person well you're not a visual person you have a visual preference.

But you use all of the other modalities this is also true with these different zones of your face you do have an instinctive emotional uh process you have a pragmatic side and you have a datadriven side the question becomes what's your your sequence what's your preferred sequence. So in the. Bas in the. First one it's a one two three.

I lid with data. I talk about what it's going to do for them and. I tell them and. I paint pictures for how much they're going to love it what if they're a 32 one in other words this is their biggest.

Zone this is their. Second biggest. Zone and this is their. Third biggest.

Zone well. I'm gon to flip the script. I'm gonna. I'm going to do things like imagine what would your life be like if you could do.

X and. Y and. Z and you had the amazing ability to just be a certain way and have a certain thing right. Over the past 20 years we've done extensive research on on specific mechanical products and techniques that will do exactly that and here's the data that supports our findings and with this amazing power this amazing product you're going to be able to do one and two and three and four.

So you see here how. I just change the order of the zones. I'm presenting to does that make sense if you're if you're with me. So far go ahead and type that in the chat how about my.

YouTubers you. YouTubers are a little bit okay. Good. So the idea is when we start looking at zones of the face it's not yes.

They're do yes. They're they're they're data driven yes. I get that. But what's their whole sequence because just like in.

NLP people are towards and away from or away from and towards human beings are data pragat pragmatist and emotional. But what is their preferred sequence what is the order that they prefer to be presented to if you can match their sequence they will understand you and relate to you faster and deeper does that make sense okay. Perfect is this useful okay. Very good now one of the things.

I'm going to do normally what. I would do is. I would talk about public side versus private side. But our our our text.

Neo kind of put us a little bit behind schedule. So what. I'm going to do is. I'm going to ask you to really today and going forward what.

I want you guys to do when you go out into the world the. First thing. I want you to look. For is that positive eye contact cluster okay.

You guys remember the positive eye contact cluster it's going to be a smile eye uh legitimate um eye contact and. Then the eyebrow flash okay. This is your this is your primary approach me cluster okay. We would call this active profiling what we just did with the decision maker making process would be considered passive profile because those unless you're actually physically working on the issues around something those that physiognomy is not going to change all that much.

Next we're going to talk about emotional health how many people here just by a show of hands in the chat uh let me just jump out of the. PowerPoint really quick. So how many people here by a show of hands are in some kind of helping profession either sales uh. Health.

Care. Counseling coaching um okay. Then this to me this particular map of all the maps. I'd ever encountered uh in my studies in.

Chinese medicine this one was the most immediately useful though. I. I. I zoned right.

In on that decisionmaking process which. I thought was super critical because it gives you a leg up in any negotiation mediation what have you right. Uh it can also explain a lot of times why certain couples disagree on things if you look. At their physiognomy the the the proportions of their head um some person might be very gut driven the other person is very data driven and you know they have to argue webinar person.

NC says. I'm a tutor yes. Uh. SK is talking about will you talk about erasing the emotional wrinkles at some point.

I can talk about that um it's actually something that happens as a byproduct of doing a face reading when. I found when. I discovered that particular phenomena. I.

I was the. First one in room like 300 people to yell. I was literally in the back of the room. Lillian my teacher was talking about how when you unpack an emotional marking on the face that.

Mark will literally the wrinkle will literally disappear and before. I could contain it the. First words out of my mouth you you know the proverbial. Mo right.

That was me and she heard me and. So from across the room she started reading my face right. So and and. I just felt my whole body starting to react there's some kind of weird vibrational subconscious other than conscious transformation process that's initiated when you start actively doing the face reading as it's classically taught um.

So if you're already a hypnotist or a coach and you understand what. AB reactions are this will this will absolutely start to magnify the level of emotional. AB reactiveness you generate in people they'll just they'll just start processing right. In front of you right.

It's a really it's really cool. But it can be kind of disconcerting if um you're not ready for it um thank you we're still. I'm still multitasking here. So um.

So. So let me put a pin in the in the unpacking the emotional thing. But if you're some kind of healer right. Now like a hypnotist a neural linguistic programmer an energy healer and you start incorporating face reading into what you do you're going to see an exponential.

Shi shift in people okay. So we got some good questions here. But they're taking us in a little bit of a different direction. So.

But we're going to go into emotions right. Now and once we do that. I'm going to go ahead and circle back and talk about things you can do to start unpacking emotions does that sound like a fair trade and. I'm trying to read the messages here okay.

Good all right. So let's look. At uh the emotional map of the face and this was my again of all the maps that. I.

I encountered and there's lots in the. Chinese system um this was to me the absolute most important one. U that. I came across where's my map come on why are you not showing up here maybe.

I have to make it maybe. I have to make it full screen this just this is this laptop is really kind of getting weird too. So it's got to be my energy guys. I apologize this is just okay.

Let me just go ahead and start this and. Then. I'll. I'll switch laptops okay.

So can you guys see the uh the facial map type it in the chat okay. Good. So we're gonna start with the upper right. Hand corner the one o00 position right.

Here we call this a skepticism line. So people with this line this line usually starts about midpoint of the eyebrow just above it and it moves laterally towards the outer the outer border of the eyebrow when you see this particular marking on someone this is someone who is not going to take anything at face value now before. I get any further into the emotions of the face um hold on a. Second yeah.

I get the side is cut off. I'm not really sure why things are happening the way they're happening here on a. Second there we go that a little better okay. So don't worry too much.

I'll give you a chance to take a screenshot of this uh. I just asked that if you do take a screenshot that you don't openly share this too much simply because um this is this chart is from my teacher. Lillian who has since passed on. But she did ask that we don't actively.

I don't like to share her copyrighted material. So if you do take a screenshot please don't post it anywhere okay. Does the skepti that's a great question no. One of the things.

I want you guys to understand going into this process is that all of these lines with the exceptions of the ones in the center are bilateral they can happen on the right. Side they can happen on the left side okay. Now one of the things. I want to talk about a little bit is how do you talk to people about these markings if you're going to do a face reading one of the things you you want to avoid like the plague is if you see a marking like this the skepticism line for example the.

LA the. Last thing you want to say is oh you're just a skeptical right. I promise you that is not going to get you the response that you're hoping for right. If you see a line like a skepticism line one of the best things to do.

Lillian was very one of the things that. Lillian my teacher used to talk about all the time was that there was an inherent bias in the. Chinese systems towards negativity they they were always telling you what was wrong with you and. Lillian made a very very concerted effort to balance that to to tell people that there were good things about their traits as well as the not.

So great things about their traits if that makes sense. So one of. So she was one of the most compassionate. Quan.

Type people. I'd ever met and. So one of the things. I want to caution you about is if you lead with the negative you're going to get reactants you're going to get people who are just going to put even if you're right.

And you you're usually going to be right. By the way um. So what you want to do is you want to be you want to have a lot of. Rapport you want to soften everything that you do.

So using the skepticism line as an example rather than saying oh you just don't believe anything people tell you right. You say you know you. I. I you have beautiful eyebrow line what.

I notice you have this line this small wrinkle right. Above your eyebrow and that starts about halfway through and what my teacher taught me was that many people who have this markeing are often have an extra healthy dose of skepticism like they don't take everything in face value uh and they they want to see proof they're not necessarily against something. But they're not going to just accept what people say because somebody else said it if that makes any kind of sense. So could that be true for you right.

And you let them answer right. You'll find that some of the most powerful ways to do face reading is not by telling them necessar neily what's wrong with them. But by telling you're gonna need [Music] to okay. All right.

So um as you can see we're still working on the technical side of things here this is going to be a fun fun adventure for us okay. Um. Teresa says. I'm loving this okay.

Good all right. So it just shows you it doesn't matter anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason we're going to roll with it right. Um. So you're.

GNA find it's always easier to approach face reading from a question perspective and let them acknowledge it. Then it's going to be to say you're just this way now that being said if you get somebody who's being a. I shouldn't even say this. But.

I have to if you get someone who is just being in your face or just calling you on the carpet you can absolutely use this to emotionally decimate them because the minute you start rattling off all the you see they it opens up their armor like it's nobody's business one of the things uh if you ever study with my friend. Chase or uh some of the more advanced um scops people one of the things that you'll learn about is that everybody out there including us are wearing masks we're wearing emotional masks masks and identities and face reading allows you to rapidly penetrate those masks and reveal the and just tap right. Into a person's. True.

Heart and. Soul okay. So you got to be very careful with using truth as a weapon this. Lilian likes to say.

But that being said you can help a lot of people with this um. But it's powerful and and just like any any anything that's truly powerful it can be used to help it can be used to hurt it can be used to attack it can be used to defend. So. I want you to be very aware of that.

So the skepticism line is one that. I see a lot in lawyers. I see a lot in. Auditors uh scientists a lot okay.

Um. Next on our list okay. Next on our list is going to be. Joy lines now remember.

I talked about earlier. I talked about if if someone. Smiles at you and you see these little wrinkles here someone who spends a lot of time smiling is have these little crows feet at the end or the back uh at the outer canai okay. The outer canai is this little corner piece right.

Here. So these are. Joy lines now you got to be careful if you see lines. I'm going to go to the other side of the face now if you see lines that go beyond the eyebrow these are called.

Mania lines or hyperactivity lines this is what the. Chinese would consider considered to be pathological or excessive. Joy. So people who are um manic depressive uh some.

Border. Lines can exhibit this um anybody suffering from any form of mania will start to show these lines right. The you know my the one that comes to mind is the orange hair dude who was up at two o'clock in the morning tweeting right. Classic classic uh.

Mania lines right. Now these people can be very productive and be very creative. But they're also can be very crazy. So if you see these lines it doesn't mean they're they're.

Stark raving loon it means they have moments where they're monomaniacal or megalomaniacal and it comes and goes okay. So on the right. Side this is what we would consider to be healthy. Joy or contentment this is pathological.

Joy or excitement or. Mania right. Now remember this this trait can be on this side this trait can be on this side you can have it on both sides okay. Every one of the traits with the exception of the ones coming down the middle can be bilateral all right.

You guys with me. So far cool all right. Let's move on what. I'm going to do is.

I'm going to take the normally. I would just have you guys break up into groups and practice on each other. But. I don't have time to do that.

So. I'm going to take you as far as. I can and uh we'll go from there okay. So.

Next one on our list and this again for those of you who are in the helping professions starts at the outer canthi. But this time it travels down now what you'll notice here is you have what. I considered to be three degrees of loss. So the.

Short. Line is a sadness line if the sadness is deep and it's been there longer and it hasn't been fully processed it will start to travel down the cheekbone and across the cheek and it becomes sorrow this is a person who's on their way to repressing or short circuiting the grieving process if they've completely repressed their grief they've never finished process ing it and they've been stacking more and more um moments of loss in their life you will see these lines start to go all the way down and this is called grief now let me jump out of the. PowerPoint really quick this is really important remember. I said uh when in my clinical practice.

I. I started my practice on medical referral everything. I got was a medical refo started with chronic contractable pain and. Then it went into chronic and terminal illness and one of the things that you'll start to see uh in people with like.

COPD uh asthma allergies you'll see a lot of a lot of times they'll have markings down that area of the face and the reason for that is because let me find the map for you the reason for that is because that is a primary lung area. Okay. Grief and sadness and loss go to the lungs okay. You can actually cross reference this with some of.

Louise. Hayes's work in healing your body healing your life she actually gives you a chart on some of this. So you'll actually see uh if you do this clinically you're work working with people and you start unpacking uh their lung problem or their you'll find grief coming up or if they're coming to you for grief you they'll have a specific breathing pattern it's like right. It it's it's a very very distinct uh.

Cadence that they get every single marked area on your face is associated with a certain organ and. Meridian system and each one of those organ and. Meridian systems is affiliated with a certain set of emotions and this is how it all connects okay. I can diagnose your entire body from your face okay.

And. I can diagnose your psyche and. I can diagnose your emotional health from your face. But this is literally how an acupuncturist who's or someone who's trained in.

Oriental medicine sees your face okay. And if you guys want to learn more about that you can come to our classical face reading training and uh and learn how to do those things uh. So am. I still sharing screen yes.

Okay. All right. Um. I'll.

I'll set. I'll. I'll change it in a minute okay. Uh the.

Next one. I want to talk about is also a loss um let make sure. I'm sharing. I'm just.

I'm gonna stop. I'm not. I'm not convinced. I'm sharing my screen yet.

So. I'm gonna do this again okay. Another loss line that we want to look. At that.

I think is really important is called a lost love line my my teacher also called these personal grief lines. But. I think lost love is probably a little bit more accurate. So this line starts right.

You see that all the grief and. Sadness and. Sorrow line start at the outer canthus and work down. But the.

Lost. Love. Line starts at the inner canas it's closer to the core and. Then it works down now.

I've seen this line manifest in two ways you have the traditional line which is just like a waterfall right. Uh here right. And it just starts here and it flows down. But on some people what you'll actually see is it starts here it'll move across and.

Then it'll start to move down and the way. I interpret this is this person lost something on two levels the. Lost. Love.

Line represents something that is deeply deeply personal to you. So the example that. I most often use let's say that when you were little you your parents took. You horseback riding and you absolutely fell in love with horses and from that moment on the moment you saw a horse your your heart just started to dance you felt alive you felt like this was one of your reasons for living and.

So for the for the. Next five six seven eight years. However long it was everything you did was about horses you led horses you breathed horses you bugged your parents parents until they actually bought you a horse right. And.

Then maybe in your late teens early 20s something changes in your life what do. I mean by that maybe you meet somebody who you fall in love with and for some reason they're allergic to horses they're terrified of horses they hate horseback riding or you marry this person and they take a job in the city where you can't do horseback riding and. So as an act of. Love or or something you actually give up the horses.

But as you give up the horses part of your spirit goes with it in those moments you may. Mark that way. So the idea behind when you see people with this marking it doesn't mean that they've necessarily lost a person it means they've lost something that is part of what we call their golden path their reason for taking on a body their reason for actually uh being here and. So in our golden path workshops part of our job is to inventory and audit your entire life and find those things that made you light up like a.

Christmas tree and help you engineer lifestyle that puts them back in do that. Mak sense. So when you see this marking they've lost a part of themselves that that activity or that that scenario or context fulfilled okay. Does does this make sense right.

And what's what's really powerful is you start talking about. I bet. I bet a bunch of you right. Now when.

I started talking about that you started to tear up true not true anybody yep. Samir says she looked at herself in the mirror totally makes sense true horses right. Now. I'm using horses as an example doesn't have to be horses it could be skateboarding it could be video it could be.

Dungeons and. Dragons it could be martial arts s right. Right. So again this it's all connected folks it's all connected right.

But when we look. At someone and we start to see these markings we can also begin to understand their pain and now because we understand their pain and we we can and if we're willing to to talk about their pain we can help them out of it okay. Okay. So let's go back back and look.

At our map. So skepticism sadness. Joy s skepticism. Joy sadness sorrow grief lost loves and.

Mania those are the big ones. So at the beginning of today's webinar. I said. I would take you as far as.

I can down this rabbit hole and. I'd point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step have. I have.

I done my best to live up to that promise. So far if you think. I've if. I've if.

I've lived that or. I've done that type yes. In the chat okay. Perfect.

So what. I'd like to do now if it's okay. I'd like to move into. I'd like to.

Circle back in phase three and finish the map and. Then drill down on specific applications that you want to learn right. Are there specific applications that you guys want to know more about type those in the chat right. Now control for persuasion okay.

Fear okay. Purpose what's the marking around my eyes. Mean okay. Well we'll get there let go of grief how to unpack the emotions lose the wrinkles oh work ethic okay.

Okay. All right. So here's what we're going to do we're going to transition now from phase one which is foundations to phase two which is showing you how to take your. Next steps how to go from just dipping your toe in the water to going pardon my.

French balls to the wall on this right. Uh. I'm going to switch computers again. I'm.

G to explain some of the programs we put together for you once. I'm done there what. I'm going to do is. I'm going to circle back we're going to pick up with the facial map and.

Then we're going to drill down on these specific applications is that is that okay. Can we do that t said this webinar well it is personal it's very it's this is this is part of my my spiritual path is actually part this is actually part of my spiritual journey in fact one of the things that is part of my golden path that came to me was my teacher this is her family tradition and. So part of my what. I'm doing is.

I'm moving that that lineage forward by teaching as many people as. I can. But one of the other things and this is why. I'm.

I'm studying a lot of these other mystical. Traditions one of the things. Lillian talked about a lot was this concept of rejuvenating the body by creating something called. Jing which if you don't have any background in.

Chinese medicine means absolutely nothing. But it's a substance that the you the body uses to live longer and be healthier and that secret was lost. But it's kept it was kept alive in certain mystical and magical traditions and. So when.

I. First started learning about this. I realized that part of my mission in addition to carrying this lineage forward was to bring those teachings back to the face reading tradition that. I that you're learning tonight.

So. I. I organized all the face reading into two different. CL two different um tracks classical face reading and modern face reading what you're learning now is my approach to.

Modern face reading these are the things that you absolutely need to know if you want to remove your fears you want to understand the fears of others if you want to persuade and influence people if you want to heal people faster and understand their personality and temperament without a need to know. Chinese medicine the classical track is all based from the. Chinese medical perspective it's a little bit more it's not quite as linear. But.

I do have those trainings if people want to learn those. So. I just. I don't know for some reason.

I just felt like. I needed to say that. So what. I'm going to do right.

Now if you'll give me like 60 seconds to change computers. I'm going to go back to the big screen we're going to go through and talk about the programs we have available for you and. Then we're going to circle back we're going to finish the emotional map we're going to drill down on specific applications and. Then depending on how much time we have left maybe we'll show you how to do some ship clearing stuff does that sound like a plan type in the chat if you're ready okay.

Give me 60 seconds to change computers and uh we'll see you in a minute you can shut it give me one minute my logic my logic capture is booting up there we are. I'm. Back. In.

Living. Color we did it all right. Let me go ahead and jump into uh what we've got prepared for you guys it's a lot of fun uh and. I have to open my.

PowerPoint again darn it okay. This is what happens when you reboot a computer hold on a. Second all right. Here's what we got for you uh wait a minute never mind.

I opened the wrong power there it is okay. All right. All right. Let's try that again here we go okay.

By the way. I really appreciate your patience this this is not normally how our day goes. But. I got.

I guess. I'm doing a little too much energy work because it's just crazy what's happening right. Now okay. So face reading for.

Fun and. Profit how do we read anyone instantly home study course all right. This course is something. I put together because not everybody can come to a live event and.

I want to make sure that you can learn this very very powerfully. But not just in terms of reading the face. But also in how you can apply it exactly to your life. So this course is all about helping you take your life to the.

Next level it's about understanding yourself at a level most people never get to tap into it's about learning how to read people instantly to predict their behaviors to help them become healthy more emotionally empowered to feeling more confident more powerful and to see the world through a different set of eyes. That allows you to win the game of. Life to graduate as my colleague. Brent bound likes to say from trauma.

School. Earth and become the. Next. Neo in the in the.

Matrix. So to speak it's all about becoming more. Charming charismatic and irresistible which is a byproduct from this training um and one of the one of the cool things you'll discover is if you go to a party and people find out you're a face reader you won't get out of that party they will line up to. Touch the.

Hem of your garment and you will have. So much power and influence in the lives of the people around you that. I. I it sounds like.

I'm. I'm like exaggerating. I'm actually understating what these skills do for you in terms of your your ability to influence and and manage social environments it's really really powerful uh if you ever see some of the early face reading videos that. I posted um where.

I have like 200 people in a room that breakout was supposed to be a two-hour breakout. I didn't get out of there for almost five hours because everybody wanted their face. Shad now everything. I'm going to talk to you about expires.

September 14th 2023 at 11:59 p.m. that's tonight okay. So um one of the things we're going to. First talk about is the face reading the secrets of face reading home study course this is my face reading for. Fun and.

Profit level one it's going to teach you very very quickly how to assess personality and temperament those are the two things that. I found were the most most important things that people uh in. Planet. David needed to learn to be able to influence and and help people you need to be able to assess their temperament and their personality you need to be able to look.

At their emotional history on their face to to to determine where the hot buttons are that need resolution you'll be able to think to to look. At somebody and determine their thinking and decision-making. Styles how to unlock the emotional traumas and emotional repression written on their face you'll be able to gauge sexual and romantic compatibility which we'll talk a little bit in part three of the webinar you'll be able to use this to manage money and other resources in other words you can look. At them and know are they are they someone who can actually uh who can make a lot of money are they someone who spends a lot of money right.

You can actually there's two basic features on the face that will give you a very very good indication of how how much access to energy they actually have uh and and money is a form of energy. So there's an an analogy to those two two features you'll be able to connect with people on a very very deep level one of the ways is actually through that decision- making process that we talked about uh earlier as well as the um the the social approach cluster right. Um you'll be able to understand yourself better one of the things. I do every morning when.

I get up. I can't. I can't not do it. I gotta warn you uh once you learn this uh you're not gonna be able to shut it off.

So you might as well just start using it. So one of the. First things. I do and.

I know a lot of my my face reading students do the. First thing they do when they get up in the morning after they've done their shower and shave rituals or whatever it is you know is they look. At their face in the mirror and they they look. At it from a face reading perspective and be the deeper you get into face reading the more you can tell you can tell by the slight changes in coloration you can change you can look.

At wrinkles you can look. At markings and you can start to say oh. I need to work on my lost love lines today or. I need to work on my sadness lines or.

I need to work on my uh my bitterness lines or things like that and you'll know from a personal development perspective what to focus on because your face will change from day to day and you'll know when you've cleared it because those markings will change right. Really really powerful in terms of just being able to diagnose your entire life plus you'll be able to look. At okay. My lungs need to work today or my my heart needs work today or my spleen needs work today because every one of the organs has a location or several locations on the face and you can use that to read the body very very powerfully okay.

You easily become the most fascinating person in the room and you'll be able to look. At people and because of the context and because of their character their temperament and their um personality markings you'll be able to actually start to predict their patterns of behavior becomes very very useful um and honestly if you're looking for if you you're like me who grew up always being lied to manipulated uh made the. Fall. Guy for things if never being.

Fooled. Again is important to you uh this could be the most one of the most important courses that you ever get this is a $1,997 value it comes with a full length video training three days and it comes with a complete manual one it teaches you everything above the mask as. I like to say because when. I.

First launched this we were just entering coid and people were worried well if they're wearing masks how am. I going to read the face well everything in this course is above the mask. So if it's again once you look. At it you're like oh it doesn't matter if they're wearing a mask or not.

I can still read them right. So it's a $1,997 value. But we're not going to stop there if you grab this package tonight uh before the deadline we're going to give you a bunch of extra stuff one of the. First ones is something.

I mentioned earlier in uh in the training remember. I said that my defense the killer influence defense against the dark arts program was named the number one. NLP course in the world for 2022 well it was also named the number one. NLP course in the world for for 2023 and because it's all about reading people understanding people and influencing and protecting yourself from manipulation and never being fooled again and um how did.

Sarah put it um uh. St starting guarding against um being. I forget what the word was. But basically means being lied to or manipulated we're going to include this course as a bonus for you uh for the.

Next 15 20 people that actually grab this program now you're it's it's a speed profiling influence and counter manipulation home study course this is going to allow you to systematically read a person from their facial markings their micro. Expressions you can there's lie detection training in this you'll learn how to do the flag system which is a focus lifestyle associations and groups uh which is how you can actually profile people before you go out on a date with them you're going to learn the three magic questions protocol in the cont context of lie detection you're going to learn the seven most powerful language patterns that exist you're going to learn how to calibrate if this is the course. I'm thinking there's actually drills in here for learning how to spot and understand micro. Expressions this is one of the most powerful courses that.

I've ever put together uh and it's all focused on protecting yourself against manipulation there's about 21 different patterns that it's going to introduce you to that will when you're out on a date with someone you're out at a meeting these these are defensive patterns that sociopaths narcissists um human traffickers use to put them put the whammy on people you'll learn what they sound like how they come across you'll be able to see people role playing these things. So you'll know what to do and how to counter it it'll also teach you how to avoid getting sucked into relationships with abusive people. So if you've ever been in an emotionally abusive relationship it'll it's going to teach you the the different characteristics that that you need to look. For that you need to watch out for why most people fall for these things in the.

First place and if you ever manage to get extracted from that the six or seven different ways that these narcissistic abusers actually use to suck you back into the relationship okay. You're also going to learn how to connect with people and transfer emotions back and forth you're going to learn how to do remote influence and uh emotional bonding many of the things that killer influence is famous for are also included in this course. But this course puts a much much higher emph empasis on the ability to read understand and counteract um manipulators. So we're going to give this to you absolutely free because again it's in perfect line and perfect harmony with the actual face reading program and why you're here today.

So um it's going to include how to think like a master influencer how to control your psychoemotional state. So no. One else can. Power report skills for connecting with anyone anytime anywhere the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist how to use them how to protect yourself against them how to manage the emotional states of yourself and other people how to tap into people's own personal.

Behavior codes. So that they just like the decision-making strategy we talked about human beings have different processes they run for every. Behavior they make we'll teach you how to elicit that and how to use it if that's what you need to and how to keep it from being done to you how to emotionally bond to people's deepest desires and have them want to do what you want them to do. But we're also going to start with also you know the master keys for reading anyone isly lie detection on demand how to spot path narcissist and other evil a-holes as.

I like to call them preventing. Predators from getting their hooks into you right. Um predatory psychology this is really something you need to understand if you don't understand how these people think you're going to be on the menu in fact one of the things we're going to teach you is predatory victimology in other words what are like the 21 different things that these people actually look. For to select their.

T their targets and their victims if you don't know what those are you could be prime. Pickin once you know what they are you can take yourself off the menu right. We'll teach you about hypnotic reframing techniques for winning arguments and keeping yourself from being gaslighted the 21 conversational red flags all narcissists and sociopaths use to avoid taking responsibility for the crap that they do and. Finally of course how to instantly spot micro expressions and subtle cues um and you get a 20 24 or 40.

P 24 page manual called the killer influence mind control. Manifesto that has even more stuff in it that we haven't even talked about yet total value on this is $1,997 it's actually more uh. But um total combined value is $3,940 before the deadline we're also going to put in one of our most important personal transformation programs we've ever come up with this is the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course now.

I know a lot of you guys have have mentioned that your coaches your therapists your teachers one of the things that's going to happen as you start delving deeper and deeper into face reading is you're going to find stuff you're going to find stuff that needs fixing stuff you didn't even know you had the building blocks in this program are is the. FastTrack to self-directed personal transformation it also allows you to uh add another income stream to your coaching or hypnotherapy business by teaching you the seven stage identity by. Design. Silo it's going to allow you to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere under any circumstance how to remove blocks and limiting beliefs beliefs you didn't even know you had how to find and remove the hidden negativity that's locked in your body how to clear up issues that just do not seem to go away right.

If you've ever had a problem you've gone to somebody got treated and it came back or it it started to go down and. Then it reached a certain level and wouldn't go any further you've got what we call safety lessons we have a very specific protocol that you learn in this particular program to zap and and remove those things instantly we're going to teach you how to change that crappy voice inside your head that's always talking you down and telling you all the reasons why you don't deserve good stuff and have it turn into a voice that builds you up and inspires you and motivates you and gives you the best advice and gives you all the reasons why you deserve to be successful we going to take all that and install it at a genetic level if you think. Bruce like. Bruce lipton's uh epigenetic training if we could install that whole thing as a template at the.

DNA level we'll show you how to do that. Then what if you could take all the traits qualities and characteristics of people who you like and admire and install them as a template in your own mind and body. So you can start to replicate those levels of success and understanding that's the identity by. Design.

Silo it also includes instant and. Rapid inductions a very powerful regression technique that is pleasure-based that literally rewrites the operating system of your your your personal history around all your other stuff kind of like when you upload a new windows program around your existing software very very powerful it also includes a special 30 minute consultation template that has about a nine to an eight to 10 nine out of ten uh trans conversion rate from. Prospect to client. So if you do see clients and you run them through this process chances are they will convert to a patient very very quickly very very seamlessly in fact most of the time you don't even have to close and they'll ask you to take the.

Next step it's a 1,4 $97 value comes with a full manual total combined value of everything we've talked about. So far is $5,499. But we're not going to stop there because this is about reading people. But it wouldn't be here's the thing it wouldn't it would be inappropriate for me to give you a course on how to unpack your stuff without giving you a a training that gives you the tools for unpacking your stuff and that's why we included the identity by.

Design now there are other things that go into people reading besides just face uh you know reading the face and that's what this. Next course is all about it's called people reading for. Fun and. Profit and it's all about body language how they dress how they walk how they stand where are they pointing the center of their body where are their peep pointing what are they doing with their hands right.

It's going to teach you how to understand body language in different contexts my favorite one being the body language of. Attraction now why do. I say that's my favorite one it's not it's not the reason you think or maybe it is you see in my experience the the what. I call the 1 plus 1 equals 3 scenario mommy daddy coming together to create baby that to me is the template for all other social interactions if you look.

At two people coming together for a negotiation or two people getting together to discuss a business venture or uh any any place where two people are coming together to produce something as a unit you will see very very. Sim similar body language cues and characteristics coming out as they move from stranger to deeper and deeper levels of trust intimacy and connection and it was because of the my understanding of the body language of attraction that. I was able to create a very easy-to-learn template that would allow you to um. Uris extrapolate what certain body language uh orientations mean without having a thousand word or a thousand description dictionary of every conceivable body language posture if you understand the.

Continuum the body language and. Rapport. Continuum. Then you can look.

At any two people at any given moment and know who's into who who's not who's more comfortable who's not who's submissive who's dominant who's not and you can put these together along with your face reading to create a very powerful personality profile you'll learn how to influence people without words you'll learn how to you learn things like proxemic influence like standing in certain spatial locations around people will cause them to process your presence differently than if you stand in other places right. Quick example if. I stand on if someone's right-handed and. I stand on their right.

Side they'll tend to like me better than if. I stand on their left side on their non-dominant side if. I stand if. I'm talking to somebody and.

I'm above their eye level they'll feel differently about me than if. I stand or move myself below their eye level and neither one is good or bad it's knowing what makes it more appropriate sometimes when you need to be seen as the authority and more intimidating and more dominant and there's times when you need to generate comfort and uh at ease with people. So that they'll do what you want them to do right. And.

So that's what this will help you to do it'll help you understand the proxemics of body language as well we'll teach you how to dress for success we'll talk about the six or the seven different layers of social status and how that relates to dress how to eliminate behaviors that weaken your influence how to close more deals get more dates and way way much more okay. It's a $1,497 value. But we're going to give this to you absolutely free uh if you grab what this webinar package tonight it's a $ 6,988 uh course or value. So far uh some of these things you can't even buy on the website.

So let's review what we've got in the package. So far. So you're gonna get the secrets of face reading home study course above the mask it's a $1,997 value we're going to throw in the speed profiling killer influence defense against the dark arts homestone course it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free we're also going to include the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course valued at $1,497 we're going to give this to you absolutely free as well we're going to include the people reading for.

Fun and. Profit video intensive it's a $1,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free again we want you to have the tools you know you know this is assuming you can't get to a live training what things need need to be in a program that'll allow you to really maximize your ability to do this and these are the programs that. I believe will give you the biggest bang for your buck. I put them together.

So you can learn what you need to learn at your own pace um in the shortest amount of time possible okay. And be comprehensive and. Finally of course total value is 6,988 bucks if you were to go to buy these things individually on the website. But as.

Ron popel likes to say. But wait there's more today. I want you guys to be empowered want you guys to have the protection you need. I want you to understand yourself.

I want you to be able to understand the people you love and your clients your your uh your prospects. I want you to be able to really make use of this stuff today. So. I'm going to give you the best deal humanly possible okay.

Because of that you're not going to have to pay 6,988 bucks you're not going to pay 5987 we're not going to make you pay $ 34.97 we're not going to charge $24.97 we're not even going to charge you $1,497 for the incredible package that we're offering for those of you who really want this and know you're ready for it and are ready to take your life to life you're ready to understand yourself and other people better than you ever thought possible if you're ready to be more. Charming attractive uh able to navigate social situations and understand uh people better. So you can help them you can get it all for one low onetime investment of just 9.97 if you need a little extra help we can even break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.lpower.com uh face that's www.lpower.com [Music] slace face perfect operators are standing by um when you call you'll be uh. Moss will be on the phone now before we go any further let me just be very clear um only call if you're serious if you have questions about the program.

Moss is happy to answer that for you um if you call and you get voicemail which happens very often on these webinars make sure make sure make sure you leave your phone number your full name and your email if you leave that information on the voicemail you will qualify for the bonuses if you don't leave your your information and you call back tomorrow you will not qualify for the bonus okay. So the phone number is 858 282 4663 let me just do that again really quick oh thank you um. Holly the other. Dr.

David in the chat right. 858 282 4663 excellent. Moss is handling that. So now there are some of you who are going to be on the fence for this and.

I get that there's some of you like okay. What's up with that for those of you who grab this now. I want you to understand something there is absolutely zero risk to this after you get your your secrets of face reading and personality transformation home study course if it does not live up to everything that. I've explain if in fact if.

I haven't understated everything you're going to be able to do with this if you're not on the fast trck to understanding people better reading their personalities and temperaments instantly if you're not attracting more success in your client work in your business in your interpersonal and and professional and personal lives if you're not on the fast trck to manifesting the life of your dreams and feeling more secure and confident and. Powerful on the way. I'll refund every every red scent you've invested you got 60 days to try this on my dime at the end of 60 days you're not happy pick up the phone let us know and we'll refund the money we let in many cases we'll even let you keep the program right. Why because we want you to be successful we want you to have the tool some of you mentioned that you want to you want to find your path face reading in my world in my experience and and in the world of my students has been one of the fast tracks to cutting through the and getting on a life direction that is the most satisfying thrilling and fulfilling uh life you can have it leads to the best version of yourself if you're not winning every social encounter or at least more than you started finding yourself more irresistible and empowered and just being able to know what to do in certain situations once again will we fund your money all we ask all we ask is in during those 60 days when you're learning this program if you're have a sticking point if you have a question pick up the phone or send us an email we will help you as best we can and answer your questions that's our job our job is to make sure you're successful if after 60 days you're not there let us know we'll refund your money okay.

You have zero risk and everything to gain from this this can this is a life. Cher folks all right. All you got to do to get yours is go to www.lpower.com forf that's www.lpower.com slace if you have a question you can email. Moss at 85828 24663 you can also email.

David at. LP power um and. Then. I will forward those to.

Moss and he will answer your questions or. I will answer your questions personally right. Okay. So for those of you who are early adopters those of you who just know right.

Away that this is for you one of the things that you'll hear me say a lot of times uh when you come to our. Live. Events or uh in our trainings is the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced and. So.

I'd like to take that in that spirit. I want to offer you something really cool for the. Next 21 people that's smash that. NLP powerfc link now that reserve your course right.

Now. I want to reward you with these following special fast action bonuses okay. These bonuses are only good until. I log off the webinar okay.

The bonuses. I've already talked about they're good until 11:59 p.m. tonight these bonuses when. I when. I click end webinar they go away.

So if you're really serious about getting as much. David time as much practice and and. Hands-On help as humanly possible this could be the most important part of the webinar for you okay. I want to reward you for being a fast action taker click that link right.

Now before they're gone. First thing. I'm going to do is. I'm going to give you a three-month trial membership to our.

NLP. Power. Practice ma. Mastermind mentoring.

Practice. Group this this is the longest running s commercially most commercially successful mentoring program that. I know of in the world it's been running continuously nonstop since. October 2010 we'll literally be celebrating our 13-year anniversary.

Next month okay. You're gonna in the way it works let me jump out of my. PowerPoint really quick. So.

I can share this with you right. So the way this works guys is on the. Third. Saturday of every month people log in through.

Zoom or they come into our they come in for live training if you're in the. Southern. California area you actually get to come and be in a room with me from 11:00 am to 4m getting. Hands-On training demonstrations with me as part of this.

Mastermind program right. In fact this. Saturday is our. First live event since coid shut everything down and we went to purely virtual.

So. I'm excited fact what. I'll be doing is. I might actually live stream a little bit of the live training.

So you can see what we do. But if you grab this program now you're going to be able act if you're in the. Southern. California area you can actually come and practice with us this.

Saturday from 11:00 am to 4 pm if you're not you can you can log in through zoom and participate virtually this program has been running non-stop since. October of 2010 the way it works is you come in. I get your name. I say hey what do you want to learn today and.

I write it on the board. Then. I go to the person sitting. Next to you.

I say what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today and. I write them on the board and. Then. I step back and.

I look. Where all these different um these different desires that you have intersect. I find the. Connecting.

Threads and. I create that lesson plan right. On the spot for the day and. Then from 11:00 am to 4 pm we spend the entire time doing drills and making sure you can do that stuff in your sleep at the end of the training you go off into the world with the new skills and the and the the solutions you came to learn.

So you can apply the techniques and the skills that you have. Next month you come back and. I'm going to do the same thing over again we're going to drill down on the exact sticking points or the exact things you want to emphasize you won't get a certificate from. The.

Mastermind what you will get is. Hands-On training real practice with real people either in a live format or virtual form format. But still in real time right. You get three months to try it out if you love it let us know we'll show you how to extend that membership if you don't love it you got three months hanging out with a bunch of cool people who like to do cool stuff.

But that's not all you see we've been running this. Mastermind for close to 13 years we've had a video camera running every single session for 13 years we've videotaped every session and and we've archived them part of it is on our. NLP power website part of it is on our members only. YouTube channel part of it is on our private.

Facebook. Page as an. NLP power. Mastermind member you are allowed to have 24hour a day uh 90day access to every single video right.

You can. B stuff that's never been shown on. YouTube stuff that's never been used in a product 13 years of archive video that you can just binge watch to your heart's content okay. And you'll see everything from energetics to persuasion to therapeutic interventions.

Law of. Attraction psychic skills remote influence remote viewing language patterns instant and. Rapid inductions attraction skills and. So much more accelerated learning memory enhancement if it was something the members wanted and it was in our wheelhouse we practiced it okay.

You get the full access to the full 13e 12 year archive right. It's 12 plus actually 12E archive for the time that you're in. The. Mastermind that's my personal gift for you it's a $1,997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you're one of the.

First 21 people to uh grab your package today. But we're not going to stop total total combined value now if you look. At this is $898. But we're not done yet that's only the.

First fast action bonus the. Second one is face reading level two this is everything below the mask right. So remember face reading was above the mask face reading two is below the mask and it's going to teach you how to look. At people's personality and temperament it's going to help you to diagnose where they're afraid where they're sad whether whether they're generous whether they're giving whether they're whether they have loose boundaries whether they're people who step on boundaries you'll be able to do a deep dive into uh the subtler nuances of face reading that most people never learn and you'll be able to again go from the hairline you'll be able to do it in one of two ways you can do it in what we call a systematic format where we can literally look.

From hairline to chin line and profile you in 90 seconds or we can do the old way the intuitive way which is whatever feature pops out at you. First you talk about that you're going to learn two methods of face reading one is designed for you to speed profile people where you literally zigzag down their face from hairline to chin line cataloging the techniques the psych psycho emotional characteristics that go with it. So you can create a profile that you can use instantly the other one's a little bit more um energetic and intuitive where you just focus on whatever feature jumps out at you. First and you unpack that feature you're going to learn how to do both.

But you'll cover every aspect every major aspect of the face that is relevant to personality and temperament it's very very powerful it completes your your face reading for. Fun and. Profit training it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free because you want you to have as. Dan.

Kennedy likes to say the whole enchilada right. If you add this to to what we've talked about already you're looking at $1,982. Value. But we're not done yet and.

I don't think that we've ever actually released this to the general public. I might be wrong. But as far as. I know um.

I don't know that we've ever released level two. So if you go to the website and you can't find level to don't be surprised right. For the. First 20 and.

Finally for the. Next 21 people to register we're going to include a free. VIP super ticket to our. Next killer influence 5ay covert hypnosis certification boot camp remember the killer influence curriculum was named the number one.

NLP training program in the world four years running you're going to get if you've ever wanted to learn. NLP if you've ever wanted to learn practical real world influence training techniques you can take out into the world instantly and create the life you want the way that you want it this is the training for you okay. Five full days of. Hands-On training in a room with me.

January 23rd through the 27th here in s um. I'm sorry 24th yeah it's 2024 that's a typo guys. I'm sorry uh it's actually in. January um it's going to be five full days of.

Hands-On training we're going to teach you how to control your emotional state at will and. Then transmit that into other people. So that their emotional states change their perceptual filters change and all of a sudden they become neurologically primed to interpret anything you say in the best possible way it's really powerful it's an extension of our our our our. Co our our top secret.

State control training which you'll never see uh on on our public. YouTube channel this is one of the reasons that makes the killer influence the things that makes the killer influence systems. So powerful and why killer influence is a prequisite class for a lot of our more advanced trainings okay. We're going to teach you literally how to emanate.

Authority. Charisma and authenticity on command in a room by yourself or in a group or over a chat or over. Zoom anywhere anytime anywhere and you'll be able to practice and train that and calibrate the changes in people in a way that you know you can do this we're going to teach you how to make people like love trust and even and and be attracted to you and follow your leads for their own reasons not because you say. So.

But because doing what you want actually gives them everything they want we'll teach you how to hypnotize people during normal conversations without selling creepy vague or confusing in a fun easy organic way we're going to show you once again how to read people instantly detect lies speed profile and cold read them and. So much more combin this this is a 31 this is a $33,150 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free now the best thing about our. VIP tickets is that they don't expire let's say that for whatever reason you can't make it to. San.

Diego uh in 2024. But you or in. January of 2024 and. But you still want to come to killer influence.

So all you got to do is pick up the phone send. Moss or me an email or call us on the phone let us know you can't make it and if you in our database as being a. VIP ticket holder we will move you to the. Next available training if something comes up at the.

LA if um you're planning on going to a training or actually if let's say that the dates conflict with something you've got going on your boss is making you work or your you're uh you know we have another lockdown or something weird happens you know you just and you don't think you can go to a training. But. Then something happens at the. Last minute where now you can go.

But the training is sold out if you're a. VIP ticket holder what we will actually do for you is we will actually make a seat for you if you're a. VIP ticket holder and you let us know you want to come all we ask you to give us at least 24 hours notice. So we can have a manual prepared for you we'll find a seat for you if.

Next year the price for this training goes up your your your seat is guaranteed no. Matter what the price okay. So uh if it's 3150 at the door now. But in.

January it's 3750 at the door you don't pay any you don't pay a dime extra okay. You got the. VIP ticket you're getting in for free your your your ticket your seat is guaranteed no. Matter how high the price goes up it's worth the investment just for that okay.

Let's say that you've already had killer influence. But you have somebody that you think would benefit from it you can gift your. VIP ticket to them and they can come to the training and now you have a practice buddy right. So it doesn't expire you have it until you use it if you if you if you can't come we'll move you to another training if you can't you can come at the.

Last minute we'll make a seat for you and your price is guaranteed this is actually one of the most popular aspects of our program is this. VIP ticket we have people that have been buying these webinars packages. I don't recommend you do this because we're going to find a way to put the kabash on it. But we have people who who' figured out that it's actually easier to buy the webinar packages and come to the trainings uh than to pay full full retail for it.

So we're on to you guys. So we're probably going to put some rules in in the future. But right. Now uh if you want to come to trainings this is the best way to get it this is five full days of me and a bunch of other people who want to do this stuff in a room doing the drills and getting the skills total combined value is $1 14,132 all you got to do to get yours is go to www.lpower.com face fac let's review this really really quick the secrets of face reading home study course $1,997 value comes with the defense against the dark arts home study course speed profiling and counter manipulation training $1,997 values we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the real world hypnosis identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study course $1,497 value once again for you and for your clients best income stream builder ever. Next to face reading absolutely free we're going to give you the people reading for. Fun and. Profit home study course $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you a three-month trial membership plus the 13-year archive to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program it's a $1,997 value we're going to do this for you absolutely free we're also going to include face reading for. Fun and. Profit level two below the mask training and speed profiling techniques it's a $1,997 value we're going to do this for you absolutely free and it's going to come with that killer influence.

VIP super ticket uh 5ay certification boot camp. January 23rd to the 27th there we have the right. Dates 2024 right. Uh it's a $3,150 value we're giving it to you free the entire package $1 14,132 if you were to try to buy these things individually and some of these.

I don't think you can. Last time. I looked right. You're going to get it all for one low investment at just 9.97 and it's actually three.

I. I'm finding typos everywhere. Seth is going to yell at me because he wanted to proofread my stuff before. I did this it's three easy installments of just 397 all you got to do to get yours is go to www.lpower.com slfac www.lpower.com slace click the chat or click those links now uh let's go ahead and take a seven minute break while you folks do that when we come back we're going to enter part three of our webinar where we're going to build on the foundations we're going to finish the emotional map of the face.

Then we're going to go into specific applications answer specific questions and if we have uh if we have time maybe we'll do a little bit of clearing uh show you how to start to unpack some of those things okay. So it is 554 now. I will see you at 601 click that link click that link reserve your spot get your. VIP tickets and let's work together.

So that that you can become a master of understanding people reading their faces and influencing and persuading people to do what you want the way that you want starting with yourself this is. Dr. David. I will see you in seven minutes click that link guys go ahead all right.

Guys. I'm back from my break. So while you're clicking those links and stuff like that uh what. I will do is this is my tradition whenever.

I get back early from a break what are your questions uh. Lolita is asking will. I get an email convers confirmation yes. Uh what will happen.

Lolita is that once your your your payment's been processed um my web guy. Brandon and uh my administrator demigod. Moss will start setting up your account. I'll be sending you you should get a notification that your stuff is ready and you can log into your account uh and start downloading your products or watching or streaming them online.

I recommend that uh when you log in that you download the videos why is that because there's thousands of people who use that website and the more people streaming the slower it gets. Marian says thank you. David invaluable thank you. Maran.

I know there's a little bit of a delay between uh when. I my voice comes through and and. I in the chat. So.

I just want you to say that you're welcome. Lita click the links guys seriously. I want you all here honestly my my big thing my my my my evil agenda is to get your butts in seats at the killer influence training. So.

I can teach you personally how to fun functionalize all stuff you're going to get great training from the videos. But people will tell you veterans you need to do this for me those of you whove been to. Live. Events with me tell these people in your own words the difference that live event makes okay.

Mita says can't wait till the live. I can't wait either. I'm excited. Holly says'.

Oh there's absolutely no. Substitute for live event they are. So much more powerful yeah. I've had.

I had people that um spent years watching us online doing virtual events. Julie's got her paid time off approved coming to killer influence yes. Julie welcome click those links guys those those those free seats are going fast. Royce wants to go to.

IBD. Live come on in art. Ro. Kim re live event was life changing k.

Kim says yep very good veterans thank you. So much for telling because they expect me to tell you the stuff's the best thing since sliced bread right. You guys know that. But the truth is is that you guys live it right.

All right. So our break is officially over click those links right. Now and now what we're gonna do is um we're gonna move out of the out of the the offer time and now we're going to look. At we're going to finish the emotional map this is my intention okay.

We're going to finish the emotional map and as we do that. I want you guys to be thinking what applications. I know you. I had you do this at the beginning of of phase two.

But. I want you to reiterate maybe your your priorities have changed as. I was going through uh the different layers of the offer what do you want to focus on for the. Last hour or.

So that we're together what do you besides the emotional map what else do you guys want to know about type that in the chat erasing lines okay. Cindy. McDon says erasing lines anybody else specific question for you clearing lines okay. I see there's a there's a trend forming here manifesting.

Better. Health okay. Pores. Nika what do you mean about pores what do you want to know about pores sweetie.

I assume you're female. I probably shouldn't do that because. I'm in. California that sh can come back to haunt you quick.

So when you say pores what what specifically do you want to know about pores protection method is for shielding yourself from others okay. All right. That's. Ken that's more of an empathic thing.

But. I can talk about it. I have lots. I have lots of techniques for that by the way um you know one of the things you might have heard me mention was that.

I'm. I'm working on a doctorate in medical. Chiang and the curriculum that. I'm learning is the actual training protocol that medical chiong doctors in.

China in the the chiong hospitals were put through and one of the things that they don't really most people don't realize is that when you're you're a medical when you're a chiong doctor you are immersed in other people's 247 or at least 18 hours out of every 24 and. So one of the things that these medical chiong doctors had to be really really really really really good at was shielding and protecting thems from taking on others crap. So when you talk about how do you protect yourself. I got tons of of drills and trainings um that go with that and uh pardon me for.

I keep my allergies are kicking up uh. I. I don't. I don't know.

I can talk about some of them on tonight's webinar and maybe give you like bullet points. But it's actually better if you come to the. Mastermind this weekend because it's all. FOC it's all going to be focused on energetics and.

I guarantee you that that subject is going to come up right. Uh. Roy is talking about the training on the one through 10 we'll be doing that this weekend. But we'll also be doing uh.

Advanced shielding yeah this. Saturday are you are you local and okay. Well that's fine as long as you're as long as you're in the group in. The.

Mastermind group we'll be stream it. So you can participate virtually. So you can get the training right. But you got to be a mastermind member uh the fastest way to do that is just grab your package now oh awesome cool all right.

Um let's finish the map and. Then we'll we'll drill down on clearing those lines okay. All right. So where is my face there it is my face made it funny all right.

Uh oh crap that's not what. I wanted to do all right. So as you can see these webinars are not scripted they're not done in advance okay. Let me just make sure.

I all right. So we started with skepticism right. And we went to. Joy sadness sorrow grief lost love and.

Mania. Next thing we're going to talk about is the lines of humor humor can be seen by a little line right. In the center of the lip these are people who enjoy a good joke and often tell a good joke uh they're not gonna be midle sticks in the mud. I'm going to give you uh.

I'm gonna give you uh one characteristic that's not on this chart that. I want you to be on the lookout for and it's also it's in the upper lip. So every now and. Then you're going to see people with a little extra flesh in their lip the best way oops the the best way.

I can describe it let me uh. I'm gonna actually zoom in on my face a little bit here okay. So if you you guys know if you ever taken a a a some clay and you pinch it you ever notice that where your fingers come together there this little little little raised area in the clay you know what. I'm talking about you guys can imagine it right.

Signal that you can imagine it. So. I know. I'm not crazy okay.

If you look. At a person's lip and you see a little extra flesh like somebody pinched clay be very very careful around that kind of a person okay. If you're one of the if you're if you have this um marking you're about to you're what. I'm about to say is going to put you in denial do.

I have it no. I don't. But my kids do right. I call this a histrionic lip.

So what does that mean when you have a little bit of extra flesh here these people are drama magnets they will start conflicts just because they're bored if they have a if they have a flat tire on the way to work by the time they get there it's a six-car accident now they don't they're not necessarily. Liars. But they're exaggerators. So and they.

Then they all always deny this by the way they'll they'll always be the. First ones to. I don't do that trust me they do okay. So again.

I'm giving you that for free. I know it's going to be very provocative don't believe me just go out into the world and as you're doing face as you're just randomly scanning people's faces see how many people you know who are on that histrionic side have that extra flesh prove it to prove me one prove me wrong or prove me right. One way or the other. But.

I want to. I want to give you this one because if you have this lip a you're you're always gonna every single one every single person. I've ever confronted with this lip has gone into denial and everybody around them just don't like this okay. Be very aware of the feedback you're getting from the world okay.

Now this doesn't make you a bad person it just means that the filters you have in place are like funh housee mirrors. First of all every human being on the planet has a 4:1 negativity bias what does that actually mean functionally it means if a good thing happens to you your neurology assigns a gravity of one to that experience if something negative happens to you one negative thing happens to you your neurology assigns a gravity of four to that experience um for those of you talking about the. YouTube level in the chat those prices are changing. So if you're already a.

YouTube member and you're at a certain price point you're okay. But people joining going forward there's going to be another level that's a higher price that gives you the. Mastermind live. So for those of you w back and forth in the chat that's something you can worry about.

Later okay. Let's learn about face reading right. Now okay. Um.

So um does this track does anybody know people who are what. I describe that have that lip type it in the chat yeah. So that tracks lyia. Gina says myself yes.

Okay. So remember if you have that lip you're not a bad person. But what does tend to happen is you tend to exaggerate things even more. So and blow them out of proportion in your mind and when you express yourself that's what comes out and it and it can provoke people okay.

So you just you become aware of that pattern in yourself and. Then decide if it serves you or not. I'm not going to pass judgment on it. But it if you have people like if you're managing a team for example and you have people with this lip and there's going to be and they're just coming on be prepared for drama there's going to be some kind of inevitably there will be some kind of friction misunderstandings whatever okay.

It's not that they're bad people it's just they're just very histrionic in that respect my. I have a little girl my my my lovely princess. Sophia she will start fights and arguments and say the most provocative things just to get a rise out of people because she's bored okay. Smart as a whip.

But d ous okay. So again that's a freebie it's not on your emotional map um. I even. I even debated whether to share it with you.

But um if you're if you're in a lot of interpersonal with people look. There it may not be you okay. So hopefully that helps um let's go back. So if you see that histrionic lip um um be very careful be very aware erase this back okay.

So sense of humor like to tell a good joke appreciate a good joke uh little little flesh up here tends to blow things out of proportion if you see lines that start at the corner of the mouth and track down these are called. Disappointment lines now these are really really important the. Next three the. Next three characteristics.

I'm going to tell you about um they're individual traits. But if you see them all on a face that should be a red flag. So let me let me explain this. So disappointment is is exactly that this person who's who has these lines without making a face when their.

FA is at rest has experienced a growing increasing level of disappointment in their life that they simply haven't been able to put away or or to let go of okay. Directly above the lip these little vertical or these horizontal lines here where's my what happened to my mouse again really. I think we had another mouse mishap all right. Well we'll just have to play this by ear.

Then. So wait oh my whole my whole thing locked up me the pap here. I'm gonna do this here all right. Okay.

Guys okay. Guys. I'm still here. I apologize.

I don't know why um my camera is not showing me either. But. Anyway um are you still co-host. Moss yeah.

I think you just have the wrong one locked on there. Second. So grab host phone do yeah fix it. I got to get in.

I gotta this is insane got and why am. I not showing well that's the other one. But now we are okay. Should be good now okay.

All right. You're muted though all right. So well we're back okay. So we're gonna go ahead and go really fast through this um.

I do apologize. I. I it must be the. I just started a new level of energy training today um and apparently it's it's really screwing with my stuff.

So. I apologize. So let's talk about the these these lines. So the vertical line the vertical lines here are bitterness lines now what this means is that this person grew up with a set of rules about how life is supposed to be lived and what is and usually what it means sorry not.

B these are over nurturing lines rather. So these lines up here are over nurturing people who exhibit these lines are giving all of their energy all of their time all of their resources for the benefit of other people. I like to tell people that um you're sacrificing your future for other people's present. So you see these lines a lot in home health aids nurses uh daycare workers um people who are taking care of loved ones who are suffering from a terminal chronic illness um.

But the psychology behind it is interesting because what happens in this case is these people were raised with this this idea that recording stopped which recording. Moss is just logg the recording will start again once he logs back in don't worry just focus on me for now okay. So these person were will grew up with that if you give and you give and you give the world will give back right. And.

So they followed that rule they gave and they gave and they gave and people were taking and taking and taking and they kept waiting for the universe to give back to the degree that they felt they've been giving um n a n o y all right. Um. So people telling me that the recording stopped is that true not [Music] true okay. The live stream is still going okay.

Good all right. Let me pin my screen back here. I had to switch computers again because the my brand new system just crashed. So.

I want to go ahead and let me get back to my my chart there we go all right. I'm not gonna. I'm gonna try to minimize switching screens now. So all right.

So this line up here this bitterness or this uh over nurturing line what these what happened with these folks is they kept giving and giving and giving and that the world never returned their investment in other words they kept seeing people breaking the rules not giving not doing the right. Things and getting ahead while they kept following these rules that they were taught and they never ever got the payoff and. So what happens is they start to drain their own energy now if that happens for a long enough period of time they start to they start to experience disappointment because of that that chronic people not living up to their expectations and after a while that disappointment turns into bitterness and if you when you have all three of these lines showing up again please take this in the spirit in which. I am intending it in my opinion you have a recipe for cancer right.

I've. I've. I've worked with thousands and thousands of people clinically and the one thing. I can tell you is that there's no.

Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient in fact one of the things you'll see very often is toxic posit term is called toxic positivity everything's wonderful everything's beautiful and they've got breast tumors right. The reason that the the cancer formed is because after. So many years of disappointment the bitterness continues to build and they reach a sense of realizing it's not going to change and. So what happens is the body wants a way out and.

So it creates some kind of a chronic illness now let me be very clear if you have these markings it does not mean you're going to get cancer it does not mean you have cancer what it does mean if you as a therapist see these markings is there's coming that's brewing in their intestines it's brewing in and around their stomach um and it's come in one way or another it it's going to manifest at some point as a chronic illness. So if you got people with who are manifesting things like. IBS. Crohn's disease um what are some other ones um you guys know what a lot of the bowel disorders look.

At their face and check for markings in this area you're going to find a lot of times that there's they're marking here and if you clear up the emotions not only will the face start to clear up. But the bowel problems will as well okay. Does um are you guys with me. So far does that make sense chronic fatigue yeah chronic fatigue can be can be actually have several different um indicators.

But yeah that can be one of them for sure um and again what. I found through years and years of doing this is how damn accurate the. Chinese diagnostic systems are the. Asian diagnostic systems are um and in fact it was in fact if you there was a book.

That lilan showed us there was a copy of a book. That was 2500 years old on. Chinese medicine and the very. Second page of the book.

Was facial diagnosis what to look. At where to look. Right. That's how long this stuff's been around.

So there's a long long track record of evidence and and obser observation based um training with this okay. So again vertical lines above the lips uh dis uh over nurturing lined at the the corner of the mouth descending down disappointment vertical lines below the lips bitterness if all three of these are showing up you've you've got some kind of chronic illness that even if it hasn't physically manifested yet it's down there. So you might as well start clearing it and beat it up beat it before it becomes a problem now keep in mind if you're a hypnotherapist or a coach these lines may have nothing to do with why they came to see you. But if you're doing any kind of uncovering work at some point you'll probably be dealing with this.

So again you treat or you work with whatever whatever presents at uh in your clinic. But understand that these other things everything's connected. So okay. So.

Next we're going to talk about is going to be purpose lines because some people were asking about purpose. But before we do that let me just go ahead and review the offer that we talked about did you did you have did you the. Powerpoint um. I just picked up over here.

I didn't know where anything else was. I'm just gonna stick with the laptop for now all right. So just to just to reiterate for those of you who um missed the offer earlier we have the uh face reading for. Fun and.

Profit above the mass training it's a $1,997 value that's going to come with the defense against the dark arts speed profiling and hold on a. Second speed profiling and uh counter manipulation training it's at $1,997. Value you're going to get the identity by. Design real world hypnosis hypnotherapy home study program $1,400 $497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the face reading for fund and profit level two below the mass training it's a $1,997 value total combined value is.

I believe was 6,000 uh yeah. U. So that was for that part was $688 uh 6,888 or something like that hold on. S 6,988 6,988.

But we're also going to include the fast action bonuses which includes the three-month trial program to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program valued of uh $19 $1,997 comes with the 12year video archive and three months trial now remember if you grab this. Mastermind program as part of the overall training package right.

You get three months and if you're in this. SoCal area you don't have to watch it on your computer or your phone you can literally come down to the country and in. Suites and train with us personally right. You get to binge watch the 13-year archive to your hearts content for the full 90 days and if after those 90 days you decide you want to stay you just let us know and we'll show you how to extend your membership for those of you uh who are ready to get off your butts and into the world you also get that free.

VIP super ticket $3,150 value the killer influence 5day covert hypnosis virtual train uh live training boot camp here in. San. Diego the room that we're teaching out of only holds 30 people and to keep the price and everything down um we're actually limiting it at 30 people. So this will probably be the.

Last time we offer. VIP tickets for this event because we're really close to being full. So if you're if anything. I've talked about today has intrigued you has inspired you and you want to take your skills to the.

Next level click that link right. Now www.lpower.com slfac www.lpower.com slace click those links right. Now before the. Last few remaining slots are gone.

So that. I can train you the way you need to be trained to get the life you want the way that you want it to read people and understand them better okay. Remember those. VIP tickets they don't expire.

So if you can't come to the. January training we'll move you to the. Next available training for you if something comes up at the. Last minute and can come or you couldn't before.

But it's sold out will squeeze you in somehow okay. So that being said let's go ahead and get back to uh our chart have to okay. So all right. So purpose lines now if you look.

At the nose you'll see a line that travels from the the outside of the nose down the lines here these are called in. Chinese systems these are called fing lines. Lilian called these purpose lines these are the lines on the face these are the ones that you most want to have uh and. L and the.

Chinese would say if you don't have these lines by the time you hit your 50s you're missing the boat okay. These are called purpose lines because these lines signify that the person is on track that they're following the path that they came here to follow right. Now one of the things we didn't get a chance to cover. But we'll talk about really quick is that you can divide the face into right.

And left hemispheres okay. The right. Side of the face the left side of the face the right. Side of the face is a person's public face the left side of the face is their private face now what this means is this is who we are when nobody's around or the people we trust most in the world this is the face the mask that we want to show the world that we want everybody to perceive us as being.

So one of the things you can start to look. At when you look. At these. F.

Ling lines is where are they deeper if the line is deeper on the right. Side of the face you're looking at somebody who's more on track in their day-to-day life in their public life if the line is deeper here you're looking at someone who's more on track in their private life maybe they're not in a job that they love. But it makes bill it pays the bills. But at home they're really happy everything is very fulfilling every very satisfying they're doing the things that their.

Spirit incarnated to do right. If they're balanced as you can probably guess everything's good right. But really pay attention to the symmetry of lines from the right. Side to the left side because this will tell you where they're having the most emotional depression the most emotional processing things of that nature okay.

Okay. So. Lita is asking what about head injuries that have altered the face head injuries that have altered the face will also tend to alter personality. So a lot of times you'll see um you'll see behavioral changes happen as a byproduct of those um as a byproduct of those injuries in fact in.

FA in the face reading training we'll actually talk a lot about why certain types of plastic surgery are not a good idea okay. Um. Jax is asking what about the chin bone that juts out about an inch and a half from the rest of the face is it about three inches okay. When you have a chin that juts out you've got someone who's a slow action taker okay.

Think of it like a reverse like um like a serrated edge these people don't take they make they may make decisions fast. But they take action slowly can that be healed. Lita. I i'.

I've come to the conclusion that there are very few things that truly can't healed the question is how and how much time energy and resources are involved the longer. I do this the more the more quote unquote. Miracles. I see as people tap into the power of their nervous system okay.

So my answer is yes. I believe it can be does that mean. I'm right. We'll see right.

All right. I see a lot of questions coming up about certain markings trust me we're going to finish the markings on the face and. Then. I'll.

I'll drill down on what you guys want to want to ask about. So. Gina is asking what what's a line from the center of the nose down to the. Middle top of the lip one complete line.

I'd have to see that one jean okay. So purpose lines are good things now um what we're going to do is we're going to take a quick detour up the center line of the body if you go straight up the center line of the body you'll notice that there's some lines here and some lines here these lines my teacher called them disempowerment lines. I call them appeasement lines. So let me jump out of the graph.

But these lines are are very are like little diagonal lines let me let me jump out of the the share real quick. So if you think about these lines right. They're like little diagonal lines that come right. Down like this we.

I call these appeasement lines because in the pathogenesis of this person um what happened was this person was the target of an abusive person someone who violated their boundaries and when the bad guy violated their boundaries they stood their ground and they pushed back against that person and when they pushed back against the. Violator. The. Violator pushed back even harder and because that.

P the person being violated was met with such overwhelming. Force rather than continue to fight back they said okay. Okay. Just just stop hitting me just stop hurting me whatever you want.

I'll do what you want right. How many of you have ever heard of a television show called. All in the. Family type it in the chat if you've heard of that if you haven't it's worth watching it would never be allowed on the air today okay.

But you remember the the character of. Edith. Bunker played by. Jean.

Stapleton classic appeasement lines it's okay. Aie don't worry. I'll make it better it's all good right. That's a classic appeasement marking okay.

Now this person may not show that in terms of their behavior. But if they have these markings they've had those experiences now from a profiling perspective from a a personal safety perspective if you have clients coming in and they have these lines at some point you're probably gonna again don't go looking for it let it come up on its own. But at some point you're probably going to be be dealing with abuse cases or abuse issues either childhood abuse or domestic abuse or or something along those lines. But what happened in those cases was the person you we have this violator come in violates their boundaries right.

They try to push back they try to fight back they're met with more overwhelming force and they just say whatever you want they supplicate they they they capitulate right. They're going to. Mark now one of the things that you as a therapist or you as a if you have these lines. I.

I'm not going to ask if this is true for you you'll know. But one of the things that from a counter manipulation perspective. I my personal belief is that subconsciously a lot of predators know this because if you know that this is the behavior what can you extrapolate about a person with these markings type in the chat when you when you see these markings what do you know about this person instantly or at least with a high degree of accurac of of probability what do you no. Oh he's asking us questions.

I thought this was a class where. I just got to sit and take notes. Jennifer says you can take advantage they're accustomed to it exactly exactly what does it mean is if that you if you impose on this person's boundaries and they put up a fight and you just push a little bit harder they're going to give you what you want okay. So if you have these markings clean them up invest in personal empowerment not just on a mental and emotional level.

But on a physical level develop the physical ability to stand up for yourself and protect yourself and the will to use it okay. What. I have found in my life because. I'm a martial arts teacher is that the ability to protect yourself mentally and emotionally goes hand inand with your physical ability to protect yourself on a on a on a body level a lot of people don't like doing martial arts it's terrifying it's intimidating.

But again the physiology controls the psychology if you're if you're if you're not able to fight back to push back to a certain degree you're going to get crushed right. Again. I'm. I'm not trying to be negative.

I want to protect you. I want you to. I want to empower you and somebody's got to tell you some of this whether you want to hear it or not right. So when the fastest way is to protect yourself against people before they have a chance to inflict themselves on you is the face reading and the dark arts manipulation training right.

So if you haven't clicked that link to reserve your spot do it hand inand with that when you come to the training. I'm. GNA tell you exactly the same thing. I'm about to tell you now invest in some form of physical self- protection take a martial arts or self-defense class ongoing um learn how to use a gun and be willing to use a gun learn how to use a knife and be willing to use a knife taser stun gun pepper sprad okay.

Some something to bolster your physical ability to push back okay. You've got to you've got to support your emotion and your will with the skill to go with it does that make sense type in the chat. I want to make sure you guys are with me on this okay. Okay.

So. Nikki's asking hold on a. Second what does it mean to have a line in the center of the nose okay. You've asked me this question already.

Nick oh no. This is a this is an older question okay. Nikia. I'd have to see the line because there's two different lines there's a line that that's here and there's a line that's here.

I rarely see one that goes all the way down. But what that could what that line can mean if it goes all the way through uh it relates to the stomach based on the work of. Eric standoff it's somebody who has a very elongated stomach. So these people can eat they're always eating how about a kid being bullied at school same thing right.

You've got to give them the mental and emotional skills to cope. But you got to help bolster their physical ability and willingness to push back one of the problems that. I see and again this is. I'm remember.

I'm a martial artist. I'm a self-defense instructor. I've been trying to empower women and small people since. I was old enough to stand that.

I can remember you know um you've got to give people the ability and the will to fight back now we live in a place where uh we're taught that if somebody picks on you go tell the teacher okay. And what if that doesn't work. Then what do you do right. What.

I see and this is something. I learned from one of my my other mentors a very colorful character. May the name of. Dr.

Dr. John larette and he said it like this in a very colorful way he said if you walk around looking like a baloney sandwich don't be surprised when somebody ties to take a bite out of you right. I've told my kids uh. Julie.

I've told my kids. I don't care if. I don't care who starts it as long as you finish it right. I will never yell at you for protecting yourself.

I will yell at you for being a bully and picking on people. So you better make damn sure what side that moral line you're on right. But. I you know if they get kicked out of school for fighting because somebody was picking on them and they wouldn't you know nothing was being done.

I'm in my kids's. Court sorry that makes me a bad person. So be it find another channel right. Um.

But that's just how it is right. I've. I've seen. I've seen what happens when this is left to chance okay.

I had a very dear family member of mine become a victim because of this and. I won't it won't not on my watch if you know what. I'm saying not on my watch. So um that being said has this been fun has this been useful cool okay.

Let's finish up the map and. Then we'll we'll we'll spend a few moments drilling down on some other stuff um okay. Let me just take my turn it off eraser mode and go back to pen mode. So you it's hard to see this from this particular map.

But if you look. Right. In front of the ear by these little vertical lines that look. Like gills.

I actually have these uh let me see if. I can put myself on camera. So you can see them okay. I don't know if you can see them on the camera can you see these little wrinkles right.

In front of my ear. I don't know if you can see. I don't know if you can see them real well. Anyway these lines are called auditory intuition lines and you remember at the beginning of the webinar.

I talked about how. I was a kid. I grew up being bullied and uh. I.

I was. So worried about being taken advantage of or picked on that. I became very hyper aware and. Hyper.

Acuity this is a byproduct of growing up in an environment like that we call this my teacher called these auditory intuition lines and they they they turn into a superpower. Later in life. But they start off as a self-defense mechanism because people who develop these lines grew up in an environment where they had to be very very aware of how things were being said what was being said they had to learn how to read below the surface or read between the lines to determine uh what mood somebody was in like one of my my friend. Chase he he had this on a visual level he was.

So he he had a father who sometimes drank a little little too much sometimes and he had this tell he his eyes. Would get all fluttery when um he'd been drinking too much and. Chase became. So.

So acutely aware of that that he was able to just pinpoint instantly when when there was danger right. This because people were always manipulating me and and talking negatively to me or or were lying to me or whatever. I developed auditory. Acuity lines that allow me to hear.

I have we call them built-in detectors can you see the lines again. I don't know if you can see them um with this camera um maybe. I can take a picture. I'll tell what.

I'll take like a little selfie and. I'll post it in the chat or something uh. Trevor is asking is there a facial line or something that a person who would may consider a narcissist person have on their face there actually is and it was it was actually um it was actually discovered through the use of. Big.

Data computers um it's the left eyebrow there's something there's something that the computers picked up in the left eyebrow of someone who has who's very. H rates very high on the narcissistic. Spectrum usually uh narcissistic people have very thick very prominent eyebrows or very very fine not fine in the sense of like wispy they're very they're very defined they're very elegant eyebrows. But it's the left eyebrow in particular that the scientific research earmarked as being uh strongly narcissistic or or being present in people judged as being narcissistic there are other things on the face that can point to narcissistic.

Tendencies it doesn't mean they're a narcissist remember every human being on the planet is a narcissist it's a spectrum it's not you're either this or that there's a whole. Continuum of narcissistic behavior that people fall on right. That's the reason the echo technique works is because your your autonomic nervous system is inherently selfish it's always scanning the environment for things that are relevant to itself right. Narcissists will flag themselves because of their overuse of the word.

I and how everything revolves around them even when it doesn't right. But each and every one of us have a certain degree of narcissism in us right. So things things like very strong very very uh a lot of testosterone will tend to lead towards more narcissistic behaviors uh strong metallic features which again comes from the classical. Chinese face reading will tend to lead towards more self-centeredness.

But also strong water feature like if someone has a weak or weak kidney energy a lot of fear energy they'll tend to be more towards a covert narcissistic perspective because they come from a place of the world's always picking on you right. So there's no. One single. F based on the science the one the one prominent uh characteristic.

I can talk about is the left. Iber. But. I don't know much more than that okay.

Um. So the short answer is yes. There is um things. I would look.

At. I would to to judge narcissism. I would actually look. More at constellations of traits which is where the master level of face reading comes in is that okay.

I know this is a uh strong liver. I know this is a strong strong water how do these two influence each other it's called trait stacking combining right. How are they going to work how are they going to buffer or enhance one another that's where you can start to make real complex extrapolations. But you got to learn that you got to learn the individual traits.

First okay. Yeah overuse of the word. I you and again when you get the dark arts package you'll see it uh in the 21 conversational red flags and patterns you'll feel you see that over that over emphasis on them as the central figure it's in your it's in your program right. So when you get that you you start going through it it'll just jump out at you okay.

Uh let's see here all right. Let me see where. I'm at in terms of the facial map oh one other thing about these markings uh they rest on a. Meridian known as the triple warmer.

Meridian the triple warmer. Meridian governs your fluid metabolism. So one of the things that tends to go with these lines is a tendency to drink a lot and towards dehydration right. Now the problem with that isn't the drinking it's that the more you drink the more you pee the more you drink the more you pee the more electrolytes you excrete the the faster your electrolytes drop the more your heart rhythm gets out of balance.

So it's not uncommon for people with these markings to experience uh irregular heartbeats or teoc cardia they think they're panic attacks. But what it actually is more often than not is an electrolyte imbalance. So if you have these markings and you you feel like you're prone to panic attacks or irregular heartbeats rapid heartbeat lower heart beats things of that nature start supplementing with electrolytes and see if those symptoms diminish because that's that's again physical and emotional go together right. Now there's another marking that.

I also have uh. I'm going to go to the just. B says dehydration. I know it's true yep yeah.

So again you have a superpower. But every superpower has a downside you know. Superman had his. Kryptonite we have our water metabolism stuff and our electrolyte issues right.

I guzzle electrolytes like it's going out of stop. Cindy mcdonal says oh my gosh thank you you're welcome okay. Um all right. So there's another line.

I'm gonna see if. I find my ear chart here we go ears there we go all right. So on the facial chart you'll see little lines here sometimes let me let me make this a little smaller sometimes there'll be one line sometimes there'll be two lines every now and. Then you'll see three this line indicates what we call blood pressure irregularities now this does not mean you're going to have a heart attack what this means is that sometimes your blood pressure is too high sometimes blood pressure too low lots of variability now one of the other things that that goes with this is they're prone to be hyper reactive or over sensitive shot.

So let me explain that when you see these vertical line markings on the ear hold on a. Second when you see these vertical line markings on the ear this is someone who again they may it doesn't mean they're going to have a heart attack. But actually uh. Dr.

Kern. Ken will tell you that this marking is actually known in the in the medical field as the cardia. I think it's called the cardiac. Notch right.

Um this person has erratic blood pressure. So sometimes it's up sometimes it's down um these people may experience uh dizziness if they stand up too quick. But they're also prone to shock. So the example.

I often use have you [Music] guys jack says when. I come to. IBD will. I get a face reading from you.

I will probably do some. I always do face some degree of face reading um at every training. I do because. I want to give people exposure to how face reading compliments and and makes everything more effective right.

U. But. But usually at. IBD there's at least four or five certified face readers that.

I've trained there. So if you want a face reading it's not hard to get right. It's just a question of how much is the person charging to do the face reading reard says that answered. So many things about myself thank you you're welcome you're welcome very good okay.

[Music] um. So again. I have them right. Fortunately because.

I know about them. I can do something about them if you don't know about them they're like they're like little landmines waiting to come haunt you one of the things that is interesting about this behavior is let's say you're um they're very prone to surprise and overreactive to shock. So let's say. I'm walking down the hallway and someone comes around the corner that.

I wasn't expecting and the average person would have a a shock level of like four or five someone with this marking might experience it as a seven or eight maybe even faint if it's if it's sudden enough. So that's what. I mean when. I have an exaggerated sural or startle response right.

So again if you have these notches it doesn't mean you're you're. GNA have a heart attack it means you should probably though be very um mindful of your your cardiovascular health and spend a lot more time um with meditations breathing exercises things of that nature okay. Uh is this helpful you guys are we getting some benefits from this cool all right. There's some some interesting questions again if.

I don't get your question answered during the webinar remember when this webinar goes live um unusual in format though it may be. I will go back and. I will physically answer the questions posted in the comment section. So if you're not getting your questions answered here remember.

I'm not going to leave you. I'm not going to. I'm not going to abandon you okay. Um and of course when you come to the live training in in.

January you have me for five full days you can ask me anything you want. I will stay as long in training as you want um because that's what. I love to do now that. I'm actually back in.

California where we're based. I may actually start doing my night nightly martial arts training sessions again and teach you guys the fear control methods from my martial arts trainings and things like that uh zelinda says. So many benefits from the basic training yeah the emotional map is worth its weight and gold you know if you have the decision-making ideas you have this emotional map remember there's. I mean there if this is everything there is we we've scratched the surface guys we really have well ibdb in.

San. Diego in 2024 more than likely yes. Reyce more than likely yes. Ken says great now.

I need to mooved to. California. Moss did he live he actually when he. First started training with us he was living in.

Manhattan and two months ago he literally packed his truck and moved to. Beverly. So now he's actually here uh internal right. Because now that's what.

I'm doing now is for my mega. Platinum coaching clients who want to go on and actually do this at a different level. I'm doing personal mentoring on a much deeper level than most people would normally get. So if you're in the area you know uh opportunities are here how bad do you want it it's really about that.

I'm not special believe it or not um. I just wanted things more than most people people around me and. I was willing to do more things to get them and that's always how it's going to be you know as my teacher seu. Johnson used to say this world is actually quite.

Fair uh you just don't understand how that fairness. Works uh. Arthur says. I'll move from.

Australia well if things work out maybe. I'll come see you in. Australia in a couple years my friend. I just got back in.

May. Michigan here too very good all right. Let me finish the emotional map okay. I'm glad you guys are having fun.

So coming into the home stretch physical pain can be seen by diagonal lines that start at the outer canace and move towards the nose now if you look. These lines almost have the same trajectory as disempowerment and appeasement lines okay. Now this you'll see blatantly when someone is going through a an obvious physical pain you'll see them squint you'll see these lines form if these lines are there and they're not in obvious pain it means there's a pain they're suppressing some kind of physical mental or emotional pain that they're suppressing and. I want.

I want to be very clear on this pain can be physical or emotional as far as your neurolog is concerned there isn't any difference between a physical pain and an emotional one. So if these people are hurting inside and it's not directly attributable to uh sadness or fear. But this could be shame it could be uh. Envy it could be um loneliness it it could be lots of different kinds of rejection that can.

Mark here too right. So when you see these markings there's some kind of pain that they're locking down in their body right. And you need to unpack it for them to to heal we've talked about the the hyperactivity lines um we're going to talk about the. Last two.

But we're going to go a little bit deeper into this marking. But before we do that. I just want to go ahead and remind you that this will be our this will be our. Last call uh for those of you who want to take advantage of the full face reading and defense against the dark arts training it's the face reading for fund and profit above the mask level one it's a $1,997 value we're going to include with that the.

NLP power or the. NLP number one rank course uh for the. Last four years killer influence defense against the dark arts the speed profiling training it's a $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free as a way to round out and and really build your defenses uh and profile people on a much deeper level we're going to include the ident by. Design hypnotherapy home study program.

So you can actually fix the things you find in yourself and in your clients we're also going do it's a $1,997 value we're going to include that absolutely free we're going to give you the face reading for fund and profit level two it's $1,997 value home study course as a fast action bonus. So you have above the mask and below the mask you'll be able to profile people from hairline to chin line in 90 seconds or less once you've completed the training we're going to include the uh people reading for. Fun and. Profit body language training and clothing evaluation home study course that teaches you our approach to to doing behavioral analysis in a very quick uh street street friendly way it's a $1,497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're also going to include the three-month trial membership the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program that's a $1,997 value you get three months to try it out both in person and virtually you get 90 days to binge watch 13 years of our collected video archives right. And. Then.

Finally uh if you want to stay we'll tell you how to do that if not you've had a great 90 days meeting really cool people like you who like to do cool stuff and you get the. Hands-On feedback and training that you really need to functionalize this to make this stuff yours okay. I always tell my students there for everything you get from me you will always pay twice what. I mean by that is the.

First payment is the easy one one it's the it's the it's the it's the monetary installment the tuition you can always make more money that gives you access to the information it's the. Second payment that is the most important payment and that's not a payment that's made in money it's a payment in time energy effort to roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills that takes you from access to the information to ownership and once you've become an owner of this information it becomes a power that will serve you anytime you choose to use it it can't be taken away right. So it's really up to you that. Second payment is the most important one okay.

So you choose whatever approach works best for you. Finally for those of you who are super fast action takers who really want the best of all worlds you want five days oneon-one with me you get that. VIP uh super ticket to our. Cal influence uh secrets of covert hypnosis 5day certification boot camp live here in.

San. Diego it's a $3,150 value we're going to give it to you free if you were one of the. First 21 people to click that link right. Now www.lpower.com uface that's www.l.com slf click that link right.

Now before it's too late because once. I log off these bonuses go away www.lpower.com face click the link click the link click the link right. Now okay. This is my this again this is our our.

Last call. So to speak. So coming into the home stretch all right. So the.

Last couple of trans uh the. Last couple of characteristics. I want to go over with y'all and this is one you see a lot pretty much everywhere. But especially if you drive a lot in.

California you have two l lines that manifest right. Between the eyebrow we call this an irritation annoyance and impatience line. I have all three uh. I often make the joke impatience is my superpower you may notice that we're known for our easy fast rapid bulletproof change work one of the reasons is is because.

I don't have time for. I get annoyed easily and. I don't have time to screw around. I'm very impatient.

So a lot of our change work tends to be very quick very direct cuts through the gets it done people with this particular marking um are have usually have a little bit of a temper they're quick to show irritation and annoyance if they're sitting at a stoplight um and the light turns um yellow they're more likely to step on the gas um if the light turns red um half a. Second before the light turns from red to. Green they're already moving right. So you know who you are right.

If you're you're someone like me who um has an energy field that screws with uh electronics um these lines will show up a lot if you spend a lot of time driving in. Los. Angeles or surrounding areas you'll probably get really used to these lines okay. Now every now and.

Then you're gonna see someone with a. Third line now what's interesting about this marking is this is somebody who's actually learned to manage their temper they've gone through enough experiences enough trainings that they know how to manage their impatience and annoyance as you can look. At my face you can see that. I'm not there yet right.

I'm still a work in progress right. We all got stuff every now and. Then you're going to see someone who has one big line this is as big as. I can make it.

But just like that it might be small it might be big. But it's a single line this line in. Chinese face reading is called suspended needle if it's small and if it's big it's called a suspended sword now one of the problems with this particular line is there's a bunch of. Behavioral traits that go along with this.

But what it primarily signifies is that at some point in this person's life they became estranged with their parent their their dominant parent. So whoever was the young person in the family uh there's some kind of anger there towards the parent or the from the from the from the sibling towards the parent or from the parent towards the sibling. So this can mark in either direction and the way this manifests is that in the past um this person got really really angry somebody did something they got really really angry and they they pushed back they they fought back and what happened as as a byproduct of that anger they got severely punished for it that punishment was. So severe for them that they made an un maybe it was conscious.

But usually it's unconscious they're not really conscious of doing this they made an unconscious decision that they were never going to let themselves. Express that level of anger again now on the surface that sounds like a good thing like. So many things mitigated or mediated by the unconscious mind it isn't because you need to understand that this marking is in what we call the liver or wood area the wood energy of the body is the passion and compassion area of the body it's the energy that is. B that creates achievement that creates competive iess that moves people forward.

So if you have a line here what that means is at some point you put a block you put a limiter on how much energy you're allowed to give yourself access to and. So what happens is at some point in your life that will manifest as an inability to move forward as an inability to continue with achieving you'll get to a certain level or certain degree in your business or in your in your in your personal life and you'll just stop and one of several things tends to happen. Okay. One of several things tends to happen a they'll self-sabotage themselves and blow it up they'll lose interest and start something new or they'll self-sabotage themselves they'll this this particular trait seems to have a little bit of a self-sabotage program running in it as well um.

But these people have they may be masters of like 27 trades. But they they feel they don't be go beyond a certain point in any of them. I've known people like this. I've seen it there is a tendency for a little bit more need for approval because in at some level they're still fighting that original battle with this person trying to prove their right.

So that'll often manifest as a constant need to prove themselves as a constant need to show hey look. What. I did look. How good.

I did this and and you'll see it a lot okay. So suspended needle or suspended sword means they put a limiter on the amount of power that they have people with this marking have a tremendous amount of energy and capabilities that they're not letting thems access. So if you see if you see someone with this marking or you have this marking you need to clear it because it's holding you back at some point it will me manifest as an inability to move forward okay. Justess says that sounds like me now.

I've it's a very my wife has this marking and. I love her to and she's one of the most accomplished people. I know. But.

I know how much more she's capable of uh. I had. AV guys. I had.

I had one guy in my in my camp this marking was. So big we we named him the suspended bazooka right. And he was textbook. The things.

I'm describing he was a good person right. But this this this limiter and some people even when they know even when. I give them that particular uh even when. I give them that diagnosis of that marking and they agree with it and they acknowledge it they still don't fix it and that's kind of the ironic kind of tragic part about the business we're in as healers is that most people don't change until they've suffered enough they just don't and.

So you have to let them suffer that's actually the the compassionate thing to do is let them suffer until they come to the realization on their own that it's time to get rid of this and. Then you can help them until. Then they're actually going to fight you on the change work. So again just because you see it doesn't mean you say it right.

Remember you're now fledgling. Apprentice face reader you now have enough to be officially dangerous. So please use these skills that you're learning with respect respect that you're actually tapping into people's vulnerabilities remember that no. Single trait is a profile it's how all the traits combine and stack together that makes the profile happen that gives you the ability to predict and engineer your influence techniques to have the greatest amount of impact with the least amount of effort right.

This is a fun fascinating. Art and. Science to play with and it will enhance everything that you do. But you still have to roll your sleeves up and go out and read faces and you don't have to believe anything.

I've told you tonight you don't have to just go out and read people's faces and tell them about themselves and notice what happens. But remember don't be an ass don't be provocative be very gentle soften your questions let them eval let them elucidate or elaborate on the marking that you find. So. Christopher is asking can you read yourself and the changes work yes.

If you're willing to do the self-work you can change your that's actually a big part of the mystical trainings and what identity by. Design and regression therapy and vibrational healing that's what they're all taking you towards the ability to manifest and. Unleash. Your.

Inner magic and the. First step of that is always clearing your it's always purification before. Ascension which is the empowerment side okay. So my job is to integrate these things into a process that's faster easier more effective that solves your problems and gives you the foundations to keep going that's part of my golden path and that's why the.

Universe. I feel. I believe put. So many of these things in my path that's why you're here you had problems that you wanted fixes for things you wanted to solve this is one of the ways that you can do that.

But remember for every problem that you solve there's going to be a new level that you tap into for every technique that you learn that solves a problem that you have there's a deeper level to that technique that takes you even further there's layer upon layer upon layer to everything. But you have to decide how far down that rabbit hole you want to go how much you deserve and what you're willing to do to get there okay. So the. Last line that we're going to talk about ironically is known as a transformation line this line can be seen as a diagonal line that moves up from the eyebrow line or up from the.

Third eye now this line you see this a lot in he in very very uh. Advanced meditators people who are on an extremely spiritual path um and what these these lines often signify is a person with this line me make this a little bit [Music] smaller a person with this line has gone through some with a capital. S they went through a long dark night of the. Soul or maybe a long dark year of the.

Soul or maybe several years and as a byproduct of those experiences they came out of it with a spiritual. Revelation an understanding about who they are what they the world they live in that has forever changed their understanding of themselves in that world and the spirit world and these lines. Mark as diagonal these tend to mark. As diagonal lines coming up for really advanced meditators you'll often see what my teacher used to call.

Buddha. Wings. Buddha wings are these little wing like lines that seem to emanate or come up from the. Third eye and.

So uh lilan would talk about when she would talk to. Buddhist monks or the. Dal. Lama she would actually see these markings appear on on his forehead over his.

Third eye when he was teaching and as soon as he stopped teaching and he stopped channeling that information they would start to fade as he went and just became the the public figure of the dolly. So. I've seen people with these markings and and again it's it it's per they're usually seen in very high level very. Advanced spiritual uh practitioners and meditative practitioners okay.

Now just because you don't have these markings doesn't mean you're not. Advanced right. Um not every. Mark not everyone marks every everything right.

So if you want to ascend for lack of a better word if you want to level up get on your golden path and really embody your spirit more. I encourage you to go ahead and click the link and get one of those. Last remaining packages it's www.lpower.com slashface it's w click the link right. Now before it's too late.

So. I can show you how to get from where you are to where you want to be and keep going okay. That's my job. So.

Jesse says. I have three when. I squint. But.

I don't meditate well if you have to squint to get the marking probably not what we're going for right. Matter if you have to distort your face to get a marking to show up it's not as as as strong as you might want to think when we talk about these facial markings we're talking about when the person's not actively scrunching their face or when they just normal resting face what markings show up right. You can see my falling lines you can see my disappointment lines because. I have children right.

And and. I'm constantly frustrated with my tech especially today right. Um. So that's kind of what we got for you.

So before. I turn you guys loose do you have any final questions that. I can answer was today's training useful did you find it helpful. Alexia says this has been awesome.

Genie says just says that was great or no. Jonas cool excellent a says than you. So much you're very welcome. Jeff says yes.

It was amazing all right. I have time for two more questions if you got one ask it. Kavita says as always you provide a lot of value thank you. I do.

I try my best. I really do all right. Guys if there's no. More questions in the words of the immortal.

Cali. Beret. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song oh how do you get rid of those lines point to where you feel it ask there's a reason this line is here and there's a feeling connected to that reason where does that reason live in my body.

First impression point to where you feel okay. Now the. Next phase is going to depend on what techniques you have if you have the transformational. Triad use that if you have the identity by.

Design training use use that if you have um. EFT or. EMDR use that okay. But what you want to do is you want to find the feel the body feeling that this marketing is connected to and.

Then you want to ask yourself how young was. I when. I. First felt this feeling and who was it with pay attention to the.

First thing that pops up follow the six dynamics of an unconscious response if you don't know what those are uh we cover it in several other videos okay. Unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's never linear and you need to unpack that body feeling and the stories connected to it as you start to release the energy and release the stories connected to that marking and that body feeling these markings will start to shift okay. You may have to go through three or four iterations can you spin it yes.

Again spinning is part of the transformational triath right. But you've got to get to the root. So you've got to ask slightly different questions right. The other way you can do it is you can just continually ask questions about it and reframe and keep reframing it until you have the.

Epiphany and the energy is emotionally released best thing you can do is get with somebody certified in face reading and have them work right. Most of my therapy uh students are also face readers because it's part of their training. So by all means reach out to somebody in. Planet.

David who you know is trained by me and certified by me chances are they have some face reading going with them and they can help you unpack this stuff okay. Well now it's time to say goodbye to all our company mic see you real soon kui why because we like you find your destiny click that link and. I'll see you on the other side good night my friends. God bless take care.
