Title: [SNEAK PREVIEW] Platinum AMA With Dr. David 5:00 PM Pacific
File Name: oQ6MrYlJiCM.txt
Video Id: oQ6MrYlJiCM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ6MrYlJiCM

[Music] for that for for for for for oh there we go hello hello hello everyone. Welcome to our official. Friday. Platinum.

AMA this is. Dr. David checking in. I got my spots in order.

So people usually there's. Holly be bopping around wherever she is in. Utah all right. Let's.

I'm sure other people will trickle in uh we've got some folks kind of playing fly on thewall from uh our. YouTube channel let them. GNA know kind of what we do uh on the. Platinum amas.

So let's start with. Holly. Holly you got audio can you hear me. I can hear you what do you got for me awesome uh okay.

I do have a question um. So if you're working with someone and you ask them to go back to the. First time you know whatever and they go forward in their timeline and their problem is that they don't have the skills to handle something in the future is there anything special you would do for that or okay. So what you if if you ask somebody to go backwards to the very.

First scen situation or event that is the source and they go forward well. First of all do they follow instructions okay. That's that's a flag right. There and it doesn't mean you you chastise him and.

But they stones or whatever you you adapt to whatever um whatever situation is in play. So what. I would do in that situation is. So give me a little bit more background.

So. I. I'm. I'm making sure.

I fit the fit my approach to what you were dealing with um is somebody having a panic attack about uh issues that they think are going to come up in the future um and they don't believe that they have it's something they've never dealt with before and they don't believe they have the skills to handle whatever it is okay. So. First thing there's there's a bunch of different ways that you can handle that like a bunch. So the.

First thing you could do is say. I want. I want you to just go ahead and fly up over that moment go a year into the past that event having successfully done it look. Back what did you do that's that's one way to do it like that one a lot the other thing you can do is point to where you feel it reach out and touch it.

So remember when someone's having a panic attack the image is here and it's overwhelming. So you just take it down and now what'll happen is the moment you start de-escalating or or um neutralizing the intensity of that event now they can think again right. Their brain is no. Longer.

Frozen. So. I said looking at this from the 50,000 mile view what skills would you need to go through this effectiv with. First impression and how young would you have had to be to and and learn those skills to be able to handle this like it's nothing.

So you ask them what skills they need you take them back to that time in their in their in their history where they were most open and where it would have done them the most good. So they could be ready you teach that to them and you have them move forward practicing that skill through their entire timeline and. Then they just have them walk through the event or. W.

I love all that or you can have the the adult version go back and very similar to what we just did. But now you can take that version from the future move them back to the kid and move them forward now now they're even more resourced and. Then if you want to really really really really really really really really drive it home you have them cycle through it just like when we do temporal editing until it locks in awesome. I love like this this my jam man let me show you how to with people's minds in a good way right.

All right. Um any other questions is that helpful oh yeah absolutely uh we did get our webinar schedule set up for uh for. October. So.

I think we're going to be doing one uh not. I think it's. Next week. So.

I'll be in touch with you regarding um that stuff. Mr. Dave talk to me yo yo small crowd today yeah very small. I'm surprised actually.

So uh. I guess this is just sort of coming up off of uh sort of based on. Holly's question. I'm curious about reparenting you've mentioned it before and.

I've never learned really how to do that necessarily specifically. I've heard yeah you wouldn't because you never came to depression. So you oh. So you teach reparenting and regression oh yeah 100%.

H. I did not realize that was a regression technique okay. So. Then would it be should.

I ask a different question. I was just gonna ask for like a brief overview of how we do it. But. I could ask something different if no.

I can tell you how to do it okay. Right. You still got to get the. Reps in.

But the idea behind reparenting is when you when you when you send someone back and inside the trauma container. Then what you're going to do is once you've once you've penetrated that container and you've you've youve found the the fragment of. Consciousness that needs to to be rescued. Then what you do is you have the person step back out of the container and you ask that person looking back on this scene as the.

U of today what would you have what would little. So and. So need to be awesome what what would make what would you want instead what would you like see happen for her instead or him instead and they're going to tell you something. First impression now when it's a reparenting issue usually the person being targeted is it's a parental issue in other words the parents weren't good they didn't pay attention they were neglectful they were abusive whatever.

So what you're going to do is you're gonna give them three basic options. I said would you have in order for that to be different would you have had to have different versions of those parents uh a completely different set of parents or would you have needed to be your own parent. So you would know exactly what to give little. So and.

So in exactly the way they needed it when they needed it most and you let them choose and the moment that they uh the moment that they make the choice you ask them can you imagine what that might be like and you have them create this alternate reality movie and you have them you amplify you compound it you you you run them through it millions of times till the body generates a massive feeling you turn that feeling into a you fill the body with it you turn the feeling into a color you wrap that feeling and that color around the movie and. Then you have them pass it through their body until the container dissolves that's one that's a basic way to do it okay. Right. There's probably five or six layers to that.

But that's the basic reparenting structure you give them three basic choices better versions of the parents they had a different set of parents completely or they get to be their own parent and you're just like kind of going you're going back and saying oh there was you have this problem and. Then you're teaching them kind of something some other way dealing with it client is generating their entire their own solution it starts with the magic everything starts with point to where you feel it and. Then what do you want instead right. What do you want instead right.

And if it's a if it's a reparenting issue. Then it's always going to be about okay. In order for you to have what you want instead would you have needed to have better versions of the same parents completely different sets of parents or would you have needed to be your own parent. So that you would know exactly how to give little so- and.

So everything they needed and exactly the way they needed it now nine times out of 10 they choose themselves as the parent right. So in that instance are they. Then teaching the child a different way or or something they didn't know or something or no. You're confusing reparenting with informed child it's very different actually okay.

In informed child what's happening is the adult version is going back into that memory and teaching the child very specific things that the child needs to know okay. In reparenting what you're doing is you're creating an entirely different memory an alternate reality and you're using the energy and the frequencies of that alternate reality to dissolve the energy holding the old memory together. So they can what'll happen is when you pass through that experience one of several things can actually happen is that memory just goes away and they only remember the good one. But more often than not what happens is the emotional charge connected to the old memory is completely deflated and it's just flat and it doesn't have it doesn't affect them in any way anymore and they're good okay.

But they're they theface they may on the surface they may seem very similar. But they're actually doing different things okay. I was coming at it sort of from a perspective of. I guess like the way.

I was thinking about it. I guess was like if you have an experience and. Then you think about like well what is the child version of me thinking about this thing or whatever and they're like oh. I'm scared or whatever and.

Then it's like handling that. But it's not necessarily connected to a memory in the past although. I guess you can always connect it to a memory in the past there's always going to be a memory in the past always. I haven't found one yet that didn't in tens of thousands of hours of client sessions there's always memories in the past sometimes the memories aren't embodied.

So you say you like someone with high levels of dissociation or even uh multiple personalities they point where you feel it they. Point like this right. Guess what doesn't matter you process it the same way and what happens is as you cycle through that um you cycle through that change process the feeling starts to migrate and they and they become rebodied it's insane watching it happen. But it's it's exactly what happens see it doesn't matter where you've put the memory in terms of um how you deal with it if you can point to it you can change it right.

The difference is we we move things out out of our body to give us distance vibrational distance which equates to physical and emotional distance right. But we've built all of them from the exact same stuff exactly the same way we just put it in a different filing cabinet or a different drawer that's really the only difference. But because of the drawer we put it in our body codifies it and responds to that information in a different way based on the meaning associated with the drawer and. Then we basically are accessing those associations.

But if we start dissolving the energy to those associations. I guess. Then that changes how we're processing what's keep understand what when you look. At the let me see if.

I have a picture really quick here. HMU all right. So let me share my screen really quick okay. So when we create hold on a.

Second my my one note is misbehaving there we go can you guys see that okay. Yeah all right. So what you're looking at if if this were a um. If.

This. Were a magical class or a class on uh uh well magic for we what would we be looking at would be the anatomy of a thought form right. If you were to actually cut open a thought if you could freeze a thought form. So that everything inside it was static cut it open longitudinally and look.

At it this is what you would probably be able to identify you're going to have a substance that it's built out of and you have five channels like think of like a video with different tracks right. Or you know maybe one maybe one track is your audio one track is your your your visuals another track would be your uh your transitions or your overlays or your picture and picture. So each of these tracks is like a like if you were at a video it's like a separate track and within that are subcommands that tell the nervous system how to play. Things is it a is it a color movie or a black and white movie right.

And. Then that all comes together to form the story and embedded in this story is a fragment of your. Consciousness if you were doing a. Chinese medical chiong or shamanism uh this is where we would we would talk about.

Soul retrieval what you're doing in reparenting um and or um well if if we're doing in formed child what we're doing is we're going into the story we're finding that version of you that is stuck and we're teaching it and giving it resources it never had and as the story changes all of these start to change and. Then this starts to disapp right. Because it's the story of what happened that creates the the it's like the fixing agent for the energetic pattern in rep in reparenting what we're doing is we're dipping in we're dipping in to the story again and we're finding the moment of encoding we're looking at what happened we're coming back out and saying and and asking the question what do you want instead right. Okay.

And the moment we create that movie we've we've literally taken we've create we've taken another we've created another container that has all of the antidote that this one needs right. And. Then when. I move this energy the other one dissipates right.

That's how reparenting works all right. There you go. I feel like it's going to take me a lot more practice before. I understand that in practice.

But that's a really easy fix for that come to class which one regression regression had identity by. Design right. Yeah yeah that's your. Next step.

Anyway yeah all right. Cool all right. Let's go to uh satiris you're up my friend we're doing that's hey how are you sharing the screen here there we go getting bed all the time and. I'm kind of sleepy because of.

Lally woke up um okay. Well my question is quite. I guess more action taking in the sense that. I literally finished the psychology of money and it got me more confused than.

I expected because one side it says you know save money the other side says invest other side says the big lesson the big lesson from psychology of money if you if you look. At everything he said in that book. Is you just don't know yes. That's exact that that was the whole thing is he's saying these people who are telling you about money these so-called experts a lot of times are exceptions to rules and they and they and and the strategy they employed worked based on the the the conditions of that time and.

So the idea is is if you look. At what the majority of people have done versus what the ex the ones that really rise above do these are the the best practices. But it's no. Guarantee.

But what really is interesting is is you know how it makes you think about what's really important you know it's and and again the financial services industry just like any any form of you know make money online or make money you know business is going to sell you what's what's hot now what worked what was working. But may not be working because there's different economic situations different you may be in a different mindset right. One of the interesting things about. I was just.

I was just listening to. U. I forget what think it was a podcast or. But they were talking about.

Warren. Buffett and. Warren. Buffett is some of the one of the hardest things to do is one of the hardest things to do is do nothing when it's actually to your advantage to do nothing because we're always thinking we have to move money we have to make money.

But a lot of times in order for stocks to work you got to play the long game is the absolute hardest thing for any especially if you check on it every day right. Trust me. I know right. So.

I just said it and forget it right. I know money. I ever made was when. I.

I started a a couple of mutual funds and forgot. I had one for like four years and. I came back and it was my money was almost doubled right. It's just it's just a weird thing right.

But the psychology of money to me really it was it's a very thought-provoking book. And yeah it it will leave you it will leave you with a lot more questions. But. I think those questions are healthy.

I really do if you take the time to actually sit down and really just kind of contemplate and and ruminate on what your values are what you know what you want. I think. I think there's a lot of value to that right. But.

Anyway. I'm gonna get off my soap box was there a specific question regarding that particular yes. And it's it's probably exactly related to that because um thankfully. Co is out the way and um.

Last time. I let both myself down and. I guess you know maybe you or. Stephan.

I would iend and. I. I didn't. So now say the future looks a bit more bright.

So. I'm thinking based on my. I guess current checking off my values check box which current gu getting checks being cool and kicking. But.

I was wondering because. I think. I have just bar enough money to make it let's say. I was actually aiming for the the clearing.

First in. January uhhuh as said. I guess you know this this this one's going to be big. I have a feeling because there's a lot of.

VIP tickets coming plus there's a lot of people signing up through the website. So. I think this is gonna be one of our bigger ones. I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing.

But um regardless um you know. I always remembered that was was usually one of the with. CPI the best to goes for you know pretty much getting stuck in in a room with you. I think killer influence is probably the single we have a lot of powerful stuff.

But overall killer influence and its derivatives are probably the single most powerful courses that we put out okay. Well my. I was pretty much looking for some kind of clar given that the the. B.

Al got me more confused. But um to me it seems like. I should literally um you know book. The tickets and all as soon as possible and.

I would yeah just you know have faith on my. M cycling that the government won't change the rules because it's it's winter and you know people are more susceptible to flu and stuff. I would imagine the rates well because of the it's the 24th through the 27th. I believe the rates should.

I'm imagining they might be fairly low in. January if you. I wouldn't wait too long. I think the op.

I think. I read some somewhere that the optimal time to buy a ticket was like four to six six weeks away from your travel date or something like that um what's interesting is. I. I just bought some tickets.

I'm probably going to be doing a little impromptu event in. Orlando. Florida uh sometime between. December 19th and the 28th uh just because.

I'm visiting family. I want to write off the trip. So. I might just do a little a little event or something.

But. I. I actually got really really good rates this early out. So you never know right.

Now with all the inflation and all the craziness going on in the world you may get lucky and get a super a super lucrative rate okay. Well again. I was thinking you know. I have like some money on the.

Sid here and there without touching my savings let's say and like okay. Well it's going to happen eventually and. I was like am. I am.

I. I stretching myself too fast to or. But it seems like it's it's just. I guess.

Divine timing given that. I just show up. I think at the end of the day there have been many times just going from where there's been a training coming up that. I really wanted to go.

But there was a part of me that just had all these reservations do. I really need to spend the money do. I want to be away from home that long uh do. I want to do do.

I want to deal with the angst from my family for being away you know um is it really worth the investment and. I found that every time. I. I fought those feelings and.

I went. I came back with something way more powerful than. I expected to get um. But one of the things.

I tell all of my students is that when you're faced with an opportunity check in with your body and when you look. At the potential what it can do for you and what you want and really need in your life does the desire for it feel like the need to breathe is there that that sense of urgency and and and and almost like lust for it versus oh that'd be nice to have right. And if it's if if if it it's if it's not the former don't go don't invest because you don't want it bad enough. But if that that lust factor is there that that that hunger that's deep inside of you is there.

Then do whatever it takes to get there because you will through that process of discomfort and investing you will become the person who deserves to have the change that's been my life lesson now a lot of people they say oh you're just trying to pitch well okay. I'm where you are and you're where you are man right. Right. If you're happy where you're at keep doing what you're doing.

But if you're tired of being in hell and you want to get out you might have to you might have to get some skin in the game you know what. I'm saying you know. I met people and and they some of them are are actually on this am. I've had people come to my training sleep in their cars.

But when they came out of the training they they changed their life you know it's it's it's how bad you want it and what are you g to do with it right. The money's. I. I told you've heard me say this for every training or every piece of information you get from me you're always going to pay at least twice if you talk to.

Seth it's three times right. The. First one is the money well that's the easy one you can always make more money there's an infinite supply of it out there right. Money just gives you access to the information it's the.

Second payment that is where most people miss it and that. Second payment has nothing to do with money it has everything to do with time energy and effort to roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills that's what takes you from access to ownership and once you once you've made that payment you have a skill set and a superpower that will serve you anytime anywhere under any circumstance as long as you choose to use it right. And that's been. The.

Guiding factor in a lot of people who been in veterans. Planet. David why because they come with a problem they find a solution they apply it they realize if this is what we can get for free what you know what's the whole system like and we just keep giving you the. Next answer right.

But it's at the end of the day none of that's all move if you actually don't do something with the information you've purchased you give you've purchased access to right. So it really comes down to are you actually going to use it are you actually going to use if you come and you learn and you make that. First installment are you going to make the. Second one and.

Then if you're which is using it right. Training it and. Then choosing to use it is the. Third one going out into the world and actually talking to people in their natural habitat and watching the effects of the techniques right.

Because anybody can be a star in a seminar room right. When. I was when. I you know you guys know this when.

I was when. I was running the. Los. Angeles.

Sleepwalkers right. World's largest free. NLP and hypnosis. Practice.

Group in the world. I saw the product of every hypnosis and. NLP training organization in the country half of them were coming through trying to recruit people and they'd pick everybody apart or they'd try to flaunt their degrees. I trained with.

So and. So or. I did. So and.

So and. I'm a master practice and. I'm a uh you know master trainer that and. I said get up and teach our people something oh and they come up with all these excuses right.

Why because one of the things that most. NLP trainers won't tell you is that learning is context dependent they'll tell you it's state dependent. But your state is largely dependent on the context you're in. So if you go to an.

NLP training and you do all these things in a seminar room well you're learning how to do all these things in a seminar room with people who are doing the same thing you're doing and that's great until you get out of the seminar room which is why the vast. Ma majority of people who go to an. NLP training feel like they've learned this amazing skill set and the minute they walk out they have no. Idea what to do with it or how to use it because nobody told you that you have to break the context barrier you have to break that fourth wall to use a movie term you've got to get people out into the world.

First of all you need to do a lot more repetitions with it and. Then you've got to contextualize everything to something other than therapy right. And this is why one of the reasons why our people are. So like you and and.

Dave and. Holly and. Christine and uh whoever else is in here right. Are.

So far ahead of the curve most of the time because we're training you for the real world we train you differently right. Um. So again. I'm.

I'm very opinionated when it comes to training people um. I love. NLP it's changed my life right. But.

I've spent a lot a lot of years teaching people who can't even spell. NLP how to do. NLP right. You know most people are looking for the superstars right.

Those people are trying to you know take people who are already really talented and really really good and show them off as their prized students that's that's never been my my. Approach my. Approach has always been how can. I turn.

Homer. Simpson into an. NLP. Master right.

And. So. I've. CH.

I changed everything about how we how we teach what we teach the metaphors we use. So that even somebody who you know maybe got to the chat the the the table table of contents for. NLP for. IDI idots can do this right.

And if you're above a homer syston level mentality. Then you're going to be a rockar. Anyway right. So to me it's all about if you're going to invest it's not about the investment it's a what are you gonna do with it what's it going to get for you what is it going to allow you to do and is that important enough is that more important than the the barriers to get there if your questions are not rhetorical for a split.

Second before asking that earlier today was making me wonder because currently. I the. I guess the three important values would be you know what the is my purpose or what's going on with my life and that kind of stuff which. I guess probably a golden part work better.

But at the same time. I. I was thinking that it's not going to be one and off obviously. I'm on the other side of the planet.

But it's not going to be okay. Just show up once and. Then we never seen again probably gonna be well. I've seen you.

I've seen your face just about three or four times a month for the. Last two years that. I know of exactly yes. Yes.

And. So. I was thinking okay. I think it's best if.

I get some um really good fundamentals and prerequisites in my mind before let's say show up toing where. I don't know how much of. I understand that. I.

I understand that thinking it doesn't work that way okay. Holly will tell you um who else is in the in the chat that. I can. I can point out um one.

Christine can probably tell you that you know it's it's the the the videos if you can't get to a live the videos are great. But something happens to you in those five days the installations the embodiment training the the. Hands-On the interactiveness it it locks these things in you in such such a way that you can't go back to being the old way right. It's a lot of people.

I just want to you know burn up all these videos and and and watch these videos over and over again well that's great because you know what's going to happen when you come to the training it's still going to be like the. First time because it is right. Because the energy of the room is always different from train even though the material is very consistent the energy and the vibration and the the aptitudes of the people in the room change you know. I'm gonna actually put somebody on the spot.

Holly are you with us yeah can you speak to what we're talking about here and kind of oh it's 100% true. I mean. I think there's something about the immersive experience and also being around other people that are also doing it with you um. I'll say the 3X3 protocol of we drill everything at least three times as the subject and as the operator makes all the difference in the world um there's something more than that too like.

I don't know if. David's doing some kind of installations. I'm not aware of. But yeah it's a completely different experience it it really makes a difference to be their life yeah right.

And even people again and. Holly's our. Zoom. Maven.

So when we actually do hybrid classes. Holly is the one actually putting you guys through the training right. Um even people come in and. I've had people whove literally binge watched like.

CPI 1 two and three for for years and. Then they could do a live training and these people have spent by their own words more hours in front of you know in front of that material and they're sitting right. Next to somebody who's never done it or who's you know been through one live event and the skill sets are completely different and it it sounds trite. But you know.

I can't tell you how many people have come up to me um even after the. First day of a live event who who's who spent who come from our virtual world they've been over this one two three years virtually they say. I can't believe how different this is you know it's it's some kind of weird multi-dimensional installation transformation thing um and. I don't know what it is.

I mean. I can't put my finger on any one thing that. I do that that would be responsible for the the the level of transformation that the people who go through the live experience have versus the virtual ones and don't get me wrong. I'm very proud of our virtual training program you know.

Holly's done does an amazing job of you know just keeping you guys on track making sure you're doing the drills getting your questions answered uh. I'm proud of our products. But as good as they are there's nothing like the live it's just not the same. So if that helps you make a decision great.

I don't. I'm not married to which decision you make whether you choose to do that or not. But this is what. I've seen from doing this for a really long freaking time um and it's it's kind of almost intuitive say well if.

I just keep watching the videos over and over again. I'll be ahead of the class it doesn't give you that much of an advantage from what. I've seen. I mean yes.

There's a familiarity. But when you actually have to sit across from another human being and do this it's like it's you still go through that tripping over your your shoelaces phase right. Now once you've had what's interesting is once you've had the live experience and you go back to your videos you're going to see a ton of stuff that you didn't see and understand things you didn't you thought you understood and all of a sudden another another layer opens up and your mind is blown you ever heard made the joke it's all it's all the same right. Where do you think that comes from it comes from people going to live event after live event after live event watching the videos and all of a sudden the zip file opens and they see the.

Matrix right. It's just it's just it's. I get that every day and. I've been doing this longer than anybody here you know it's exciting.

But it keeps me humble as as as less than humble as. I am most of the time it's very humbling every time. I realize how much. I don't know right.

Um. So you're never done if that's any kind of consolation. But. Anyway that's.

I'm gonna get off my soap box now. But probably shouldn't have had that coffee right. Before. I started the.

AMA it really did give me you know um. P of clarity. So. I guess it's going through any any.

I guess requir. Nos and if. I show up and you know kind of let me ask you question what do you want to get from the training what is it you want to be able to do given that let's say it's it's the kle influence training again my my top three tier. I guess with priority currently is kicking butt and.

Then maybe getting chicks and being cool okay. Top three now. I guess somewhere in there is again you know anything towards giving with and that kind of stuff which. I guess will probably move me.

Anyway towards that it won't be specifically. J towards that because the different training. But. I guess it would give me that either or if.

I get the pr satisfied. Then. I think. I get my money work oh you definitely learn how to be cool and get chicks kicking butt that's a slightly different application which we're teaching in two weeks by the way secret power coming up that's our that's our sneaky old man's uh or sneaky old person techniques right.

All right. Let's uh yeah all right. Let's jump to. Josh you with us.

Josh going once. Josh going twice three times a. Jos all right. Christine you're up.

Christine are you driving all right. Don't don't try to answer questions while you're driving that's bad for your health all right. So here's uh. Holly you got any other questions or anything you want anybody else have any.

I'm gonna open the floor up what else you got. I'll have to think for a. Second. I'll let others all right.

Then what. I'm going to do since um since. I have a couple people in the chat you folks have any questions we got about 23 minutes before this this uh this session's over. So uh.

Christine. I can see you talking. But there's no. Audio coming through if if you're going to.

I don't know where you're at or what you're doing. But you probably need to type into chat what uh what you want to ask okay. We have heaven on. Earth renewal initiative welcome to the.

Platinum program or the gold private program actually you need to be a a platinum member if you want to participate in the. AM am heaven. So just. So you know any folks in uh.

YouTube land have any questions. I'll give you guys a quick uh shout out oh wait we got people in the waiting room oh. Holly got bounced again what are the basics for time dilation basics for time dilation starts with accessing a uh a time in your life when you mooved when you actually experienced time. Distortion eliciting the sub modalities okay.

And. Then mapping those sub modalities over to a u an application that you want to use that for there's a couple different ways that you can do it it starts with. U probably the best way would be uh. NLP drug of choice applied to time submodalities okay.

Nalp drug of choice will allow you to elicit a body. State the sub modalities will allow you to act access the code that initiates that particular set of perceptual awarenesses and. Then you would have to map it across to whatever application that um you want to use it for uh. So.

Tyrus has her hand upus uh you're oh sorry my bad um quick question and probably quicker answer the answer is no. Next as quick as it gets okay. Um. I'm wondering how can you get and cultivate sense of humor without lowering one party or your or another person and you were kind of garbled there.

I'm not sure. I heard you right. Okay. How do you cultivate a sense of humor without lowering another party or another person in the process of lifting yourself up okay.

So never make them the target never make them the person that's that's put in the one down position right. One of the the one of the. Le less harmful ways to to do things like this is to make yourself you. So you self-deprecating humor.

But even. Then as you evolve you don't want to even do that. So one of the things that that is probably the the best way to get funny is to start studying um standup comedy comedy writing in. NLP one of the the things we talk about are things called ambiguities linguistic ambiguities and um that's actually what creates the humorous component in in most jokes is that you you set up a context going in.

One. Direction and. Then all of a sudden the meaning is something else and the justos of those two is what create creates the humor effect. So you can do that with anything right.

Um. So like just a a quick way that you might. NLP based kind of um it's a little off color. But you guys have to it's my channel.

I can do what the. I want. So here's a quick question for you medical people how do you make a hormone you don't pair right. So analyze analyze the structure of what just happened there is how do you make a hormone well hormone and hormone they're phonetic ambiguities they sound the same and because of the way.

I said it your brain doesn't know which one. I actually meant and. So it processes the one that it thinks is most notice. I set it up by saying hum medically minded people right.

Now. I just set a context right. I didn't tell you that it was going to be that. But.

Then all of a sudden. I said hormone don't pair and all of a sudden like hormone hor oh now all a sudden the the silliness of it is what creates the humor effect right. So this is the structure of humor and you can use as long as you don't make the person the target of that or or lower them in any way you can you can do that with anything right. But probably one of the best places to to really get a really useful grip on this is to study reframing which is like a renegade reframing course.

But also comedy writing one of my students. Tracy. Kanan um is uh many years is a professional comedian in fact she was known as the dominatrix of diddies uh because she catered almost exclusively to the swingers and bondage communities right. Um and she gave us a whole bunch of resources to to to learn copyright.

In fact she teaches copyright. She teaches comedy to hypnotists. So they can incorporate comedy work into their therapy sessions. So she would probably be a really good person to reach out to.

But if if. But really just any there's a lot of there's probably a lot of sites out there that are teaching standup comedy and that would to me would be a great place to start okay. David man you now you now you got me thinking about other stuff after that me and mandar were talking about comedy the other day and we he was in. Germany.

So. I think he had like this whole like he was in this great state because he had never been there before and all this stuff. But we had just this hilarious conversation and we we he kind of came to this conclusion at one point about because we were talking a little bit about the structure of com also. I think you did a great job of explaining it and um he was pointing out how uh he he pointed out basically how like fractionation where you keep returning to the same thing over and over again and it was like we kept building on the same jokes and every time we reused a joke in a different context it became funnier and he pointed out that that was the same thing that it was fractionation and um.

I had. I was like oh my. I never saw that before. I get that makes total sense because you see it in standup comedy routines all the time and um.

I think that also with regards to the deprecating component of it um. I've struggled with that component to some degree of like well how do. I not deprecate someone else and not deprecate myself. But.

I'm starting to realize like there is a way and you can kind of like um um you can kind of make a joke that implies like you're not something. But it's funny. So it makes you look. Better.

But you almost like come off like you are something that would make you look. Worse. But they realize you're you're not like. I told mandar.

I made a joke that this woman kind of made some comment about my cat food and. I it was kind of how she said it was ambiguous and. I made a joke that like implied that oh yeah. I don't like that kind that much like.

I eat the cat food and she for the. First. Second and a half was like wait does this guy really eat cat food and. Then she like realized oh he's just joking and she was like bursting out like crying laughing basically and um.

But it was like my composure of the ambiguity that. Then led her to the conclusion oh yeah deliveries delivery and timing are such a big factor when it comes to humor you know and and. So um you know once this once the linguistic structure is there you have to deliver it congruently which is why. I'm telling all you guys go take acting classes go take.

SP you go go take improv classes right. Right. Why because as a hypnotist anything that that puts you on a stage and has to suck has you reach out suck people's psyches into your world and out of theirs is going to make you even more powerful right. And the more fun you can have doing it the more effective you're going to be yeah bandler says something about how his results went from like almost nothing to like skyrocketing once he started implementing humor into all of his stuff 100% in fact one of the things.

I did um many many years ago and. I only really taught this in attraction. Mastery and. Rapid attraction.

Secrets um maybe 20 some years ago. Mark. Cunningham uh discovered a book. Called.

Dangerous men adventurous women and it was all about um the the the the secret codes that. Romance. Writers use to make their. Heroes and their heroins super sexy and irresistible and the stuff of fantasies and things like that and one of the things that that.

Mark brought to the the public at large at least the attraction. Community was that there's five or six characteristics that all classic romantic. Heroes. Have in different proportions right.

They they're tough they're cynical um they're assertive predominant um and they're um. I forget what the other couple were. But. I added two more to that that.

I thought were really really useful and one of the. First ones. I added was humor or wittiness they knew how to tell a joke they they could they could be funny and entertaining mysterious and humor thank you right. Um.

So mysterious and humor are two of the ones that really um they're they're. So humor is social lubricant and this is the important thing to remember that's why when we when we're training you in killer influence or even in identity by. Design we're doing pillars of power one of the states that we're going to installing you as a as a default state is what playfulness because with that playful energy you actually neutralize the defensiveness of the people around you and when those defenses go down your influence and. Charisma go up and it's easier to crack jokes when you're playful or curious right.

So. So much of what we do with our words is dependent on what we do with our bodies right. Um. So to me humor is is seriously one of the most powerful influence tools that we have right.

The problem is understanding where the vast majority of humor actually comes from actually comes from internal [Music] woundings right. And. So one of the things that will happen as you start to clear up your own wounds your humor will change you'll still be funny. But the things you find funny and the way you express your humor will change it's really interesting to watch how that how that process evolves because you start to realize how.

So where. So much of our sarcastic witty biting humor is um it comes from internal woundings right. So. I like.

I applaud the fact that like satyrus wants to be a be funnier without lowering other people that's a that's a step towards positive. Evolution. So that's that's worth noting right. So and.

I. I. I like. I like to tell people that as politically incorrect as.

I am. I'm an equ opportunity hater. I will hate on everybody equally um. But one of the things.

I. I. I and. I believe everybody should be proud of again.

I'm gonna get on my. Soap. Box again. I'm just feel the need to rant.

I gotta lay off the caffeine five minutes before an event um. But one of the things you you know. I'll make fun. I'll.

I'll tease people and. I'll do things um and. I think everybody has a right. To be proud of who they are where they come from what their orientations are things of that nature and.

I and. I. I support that until this goes to what. Tyrus was saying earlier.

I. I support that until you start raising yourself up by trying to tear somebody else down. Then you lose my support if that makes any kind of sense and that's where a lot of humor uh unfortunately is used is it's designed to to to create this one up one down dynamic in people um that we need to understand where it actually comes from. So we can think about it differently right.

So was that even remotely useful because. I'm like really going off today yeah somebody my question is hopefully there's not background noise uh going in and out of. I'm getting seasick watching you go from room to room. I know.

I'm sorry uh my question. I guess is like it's sort of. I've been thinking about this recently um well. I've been thinking about how we learn and learning learning from.

Michelle. Thomas or. Wyatt modeling of. Michelle.

Thomas who taught people how to speak other languages really quickly and um. I've been learning a lot and it goes. So. So much of it is just like.

I already knew it. But. Then. I'm seeing like oh that's a really brilliant way to do that or oh that fits perfectly in with what.

I know about this. So he's got like this really strong model for it. But. I've been thinking about practice and how we can practice better and um me a few other people practiced adverb adjectives and descriptors the other day and it we had a really good uh practice session and.

I'm just kind of curious like um. I guess about the structure of practice and how we can practice better and like how we could practice things like fractionation in comedy or comedy or whatever the thing is that we want to practice whether it's similes and metaphors or or whatever it is. So that we can have more effective practice sessions and instead of you know be doing more of the actual practice rather than a lot of times it just ends up in turning into conversation which is helpful. But there's like obviously a difference between the application of it versus the theory of it and figuring that part out well.

First thing is this is to. Define your rules of engagement right. One of the the big inceptions that. NLP had when it came to training and.

I still kind of like uh is what they call the the three-person group. The the a b and c or the the the operator the subject and the metap person the metap person is the person who's kind of managing and making sure that a is doing their job. B is doing their job and giving each person feedback and keeping them on track keeping them in you know timely things of that nature. So you have to define those rules.

First of all the. Second thing is know what your outcome is what is it you want to accomplish as a result of that particular drill and is it the right. Drill for what you want to do um from there depending on what you're practicing it could be a three it's always going to be and. I in in.

Planet. David it's always going to be a 3X3 protocol in other words uh three times as the subject three times as the operator and. Then you switch right. 3 by 3x3 is the secret to becoming good at anything right.

So if you're doing adverb adjective presuppositions well. First of all you have to set it out you have to decide okay. Who's going to be the speaker who's going to be the receiver what's the outcome what's the context right. What's the context what's the outcome now now that you've defined an out a context and an outcome it's much easier to create the specific language patterns that you're actually going to use to influence the subject um.

I think. I. I was paying a lot of attention to the context whereas a lot of times people kind of sort of imply like the context isn't important like context is always important you know which is one thing. I think that makes me like your training.

So much is like you you are frequently understanding the context uh and and referring to the context and using it in practice. I think. I wasn't as much paying attention to also the outcome in the context which would be really important it's sort of there. But.

I wasn't necessarily being super intentional about it sort of like oh let's practice this thing and this is the context. But. I feel like when there isn't actual output like like oh. I want to talk to this person and.

I want to do you know some kind of event with them and. I'm meeting them and. I have two minutes that. I'm talking with them and it's like okay.

Cool like here's how you could do it because if you have two minutes as opposed to 20 minutes it's much different. But like um. But yeah okay. So that makes a lot of sense and.

Then. So any. I guess that applies really to anything we're trying to create a practice like okay. Let's practice being funny in.

XYZ context we just set the outcome that we want and set the context and. Then we just drill it basically that's pretty much it yeah there there's going to be there's going to be certain like in our in our in our training there's certain exercises that are there context is going to be in everything. But it's not always as heavy like simple language patterns like cause and effect complex equivalence adverb adjective presupposition uh awareness if you don't have an outcome which requires a context right. You can't create the pattern you're just going to be like because you don't have a.

Target right. Once you define the context and the outcome it's easy you can create an infinite number of patterns it doesn't generalize the other way that being said one of the things that we want to do is we we want to we start training you right. Off the bat how to jump context or how to create things that have no. Connection whatsoever and put them into something that starts to sound more and more and more cohesive or coherent if you ever done uh have you have you done.

CPI or killer influence uh. I've practiced a lot of renegade reframing like. I have. So that's a no.

Then. I went part of. CPI and okay. So do you remember you remember you remember the past the kid cat drill.

I did not get to that part. I guess ah see that's why you need to come to the live trainings because you can't pass a kid cat through. Zoom. But here's the way it works right.

In. NLP this would be called a word salad drill. So what you would do well here. I'll just show you really quick it's easier to give you guys a demonstration.

I think we are me demonstrate it. But. So let me share my screen here really quick. So.

So at at killer influence and anybody who's coming to killer influence you will be doing this and you will be amazed at how good you get how quick no. I'm serious. I. I no.

I'm laughing because this is where you take all the words and you form ridiculous sentences basically well that's what's interesting about it is when you. First start doing this drill right. You can't it's like you're tripping over your own dick if you have one right. Or your own your own shoelaces or because you're looking at these words as like you want me to do what as you become aware of how the understanding of these words allows you to recognize and comprehend how you can completely realize the true power of this language you'll notice people starting to just go into trance the moment you talk and as you perceive them going into that trance you can imagine the power it's going to give you over controlling and manipulating the experiences of other people and as that continues to grow stronger and stronger within you and causes you to feel more confident in in control of any situation because of that growing sense of control it allows you to make sure that every everything you do triggers and creates the exact situations and circumstances that you want your subjects and listeners and readers to produce as it produces those results in your life hold on a.

Second. I'm gonna have to mute some hold on a. Second um where are my participants here and and muting people is just like being able to put a gag on somebody and it's the same as saying shut the up when you don't have to without being rude. Therefore as you be continue to allow yourself to riff it means you're becoming more and more verbally agile able to take any random sequence of.

Concepts or ideas and turn them into an equivalent level of actual. Pros or verbiage that's analogous to the things you actually want them to get and even though they won't consciously remember all the things that you said they'll easily mat and automatically begin to truly experience the magic of what you're doing in unlimited ways right. Yes. We've practiced this before that type of drill we did that actually when we were practicing the adverb adjectives and the scriptures which was from like the.

I don't know the the the. Mini. Stealth. CPI the stealth course not the full.

CPI these are one of again you only get to this drill after you understand what the structure is what the effects of each pattern do right. But what what happens with this drill now is. You' got all these random words you have to create a context create an outcome and find a way to fit them all together right. Right.

It's the opposite of what we're trying to teach you to do or it's a it's a higher level of complexity correct and because you're passing the kid gware at any random moment a kid. Kat or a. Twix is. GNA land in your lap and you got to pick up where the other person left off and riff back and forth.

It's forcing you to become more it's going to stress out your language senters and the only way you get plastic or or evolution in the nervous system is through some kind of stress you've got to impose a demand that it's not used to to delivering and the system will start to recalibrate that's why the. First two times you do this you're like by the. Third fourth and fifth times you're doing it's like all all of a sudden your shit's making sense it's random and it's kind of all over the place. But there's a coherence to it like you can kind of follow the story and how did that happen in 20 minutes it's because you you overstressed your language centers and the.

IC effect of these patterns actually adds to the neuroplasticity and. So your brain starts to change your language centers start to change and all of a sudden you're just riffing and the more playful you get with it like one of our you know one of the things we we discovered was if people would just start changing their accent while they were doing this drill they do it faster right. It it's just it's an interesting it's interesting how if you break patterns of thought you can do new and the way we speak is a habit. So basically if you want to be more playful just break patterns of thought that's pretty much what happens that's what ever notice when people get shocked or surprised or something unexpected happens they laugh well you are typically like breaking patterns when you're being playful.

I suppose yeah yeah right. I think. I think that the the the output is always kind of there. I think maybe in practice it was a bit vague sometimes like are you trying to be cool are you trying to get them to like you are you trying to uh get them to do business with you you know whatever and there's maybe like a myriad of stuff that it could be and.

Then. So you're not as clear on what you're outcome is um how does that. Then uh. So.

Then or. So. Then you're talking about in. NLP people are practicing in the seminar they're not having that context.

So is being able to remember something half the time half the time they're not even half the time they're not even practicing the language patterns. I just showed you right. If you're practicing talking to a woman at a bar let's say or something like that. Then you go out and.

Then you're in that period like you're you're in that instance and you forget everything in that moment or you're not doing what you like could have done you're doing what you would automatically do. Then is the practice just. So that you're able to do it in that context just about practicing in that specific context like what it would be like basically and just drilling giving. I think you lost me on the question what.

I'm saying is if if someone practices something and. Then when they go out and do it they're not remembering that stuff right. What it takes to get them to remember it in that context like if they were practicing talk to women at a bar. I was just giving a random example.

But like. Then that comes down down to practicing in the context of that basically ahead of time yeah there there's there's basically you know there could be any number of reasons why you why you kind of choked usually it's because you're trying too hard you're you're you're putting. So much value and. So much importance on the interaction that you just your brain locks up your your butt puckers up and your brains drop out right.

That's the. First problem is you're taking it too serious right. How many times we said seriousness is the kiss of death seriously right. You're putting too much you're putting too much pressure on yourself because you're you're thinking about the endgame right.

And if this one works and every woman in the world will want me and. I'll be a master of. NLP and seduction right. That's not what's going on.

I'm gonna go and. I'm gonna. I'm gonna do this thing. I'm gonna see what happens and if.

I suck. I suck if. I choke. I choke right.

Because she's just practice or he's just practice or it's just practice what happens is one of the one of the funny things is. I spent a lot of time a lot of my mentors are famous and a lot of them were. Infamous. So.

I spent a lot of time is in my. Darth. Snider days. Tau listening and being at seminars with these people um and you know what you know what the one pattern that kept coming up was how they were just out around just wanting to see if something would happen or something would work and it worked.

So well they choked like the ne like. Mark. Cunningham tells the story about how he went out when he was. First learning this stuff he went to a bar and he he runs this stuff and she walks away or something and he's like oh well that didn't work and.

So he's walking across the parking lot and he goes you know you know the sound of high heels on concrete. I'm walking out to my car. I hear these sounds car. I turn around this woman throws herself into my arms and.

I didn't know what to do right. Or chase when he's talking about uh the. First time he did a cross phade on somebody right. He's doing this thing because his mentor taught him to do this and all of a sudden she goes what do you want me to do goes into command prompt mode and he choked he's like because it worked right.

Almost every. Guru. I know has a story of how just going out and just not giving a just going out to play to see what would happen resulted in unprecedented why because they didn't care they weren't. So attached to the outcome that they could that they they they stopped having fun they were having fun yes.

This is the the thing that we need to understand if we're not having fun we're not we're doing something wrong right. You can learn this one of the problems that we have is that people go and they want to learn cted nosis this they want to learn seduction they want to learn all these things and yet the very idea of going up and talking to somebody they'd rather they'd rather go to the dentist we have a priority. Problem right. Because they're focused on techniques that are contingent upon a state to deploy.

But they're not focusing on the state they're focusing on the technique and. Then the context yeah they're bringing such a serious sense of self and identity to it that they choke themselves that's that's that's that's really good stuff and uh one one. Last point. I want to make is that.

I've been doing the. Divine the three. Divine invocations for uh well since whenever. I said.

I started. I've been doing them every day. I usually do it once right. Before bed and sometimes.

I'll do it another time as well. But um sort of been like thinking like man. I kind of want to mix something else in some kind of moving and breathing kind of thing um. But.

I saw this dude doing these like. I don't know if they were chiong movements or something. But he had like this incred incredible like almost strength behind his breath and his movements and. I was like that's like really interesting and.

I did one of the. AP roades the other day just randomly and it's like. So bizarre how. I feel like.

I'm almost like there's like all this power behind what. I'm doing because there is and and. I feel like when. I used to do this stuff whatever it was standing on stake.

I tried many times. I tried eight brades as well whatever. But. I was always like.

I have no. Idea if anything's happening and now. I feel like. I go.

I can go stand outside and do standing on stake and within. However many seconds. I feel like. I'm rooted into the.

Earth and. I can kind of like pick up on stuff. So it's. So bizarre how you do the same stuff.

But. Then somehow it's different that's the comment. I wanted to make is like. I don't understand it.

But it just feels like. So relevant with all this talk about the practice and everything is it's just like you're doing the same thing. But you're not doing the same thing because somehow something has changed and now the output that you're getting and maybe there's like subtle little differences and you don't even know what it is because people can copy the script that they say to a woman. But that doesn't mean it's going to work um because there's a lot more to it than just the words that are coming out of your mouth potentially absolutely again you again at the risk of patting my breaking my arm patting myself on the back you got lucky because you got access to people who were lucky enough to get access to people who could show you some real you know the the real thing yeah and one of the things that.

But you're doing the one thing that separates the chronically overtrained from the doers of the world you're actually getting off your ass and doing the work right. You're doing the work and you're you're doing what you were taught and as you can with each rep something in you changes a little bit the way you connect to heaven the way you connect to the. Earth the energy meeting in your nervous system and and and spiraling out right. Because you you're creating a vessel that is evolving and it one of the ways it's evolving is not just in its level of of awareness of the environment.

But in its capacity to hold a charge right. And one of the things when we talk about the pulling down the heavens 1 through 10 three divine ifications process in my system we call it creating the vessel and. I've been calling it that for almost two years right. Um and what's funny is in my.

Christian mysticism class on. Tuesday that is exactly what my teacher called this. So you're creating a vessel you're. First you're you're bringing in the yin energy of the earth to to to hold the the.

Yang energy of. Heaven you're mixing them together and. Then when this vessel is purified and energized now you're bringing in divine div energy to take it to an even higher level. So now you become the living embodiment of divine forces and that happens every time you do pulling down the heavens automatically right.

Then you do now you do standing on stake or you do you know old man in the tide pool or you do dry crying or you do the the six healing sounds or the eight pieces of. Bret now you're playing with some serious juice right. Because there's a charge in you now that wasn't there in your previous practices and you're moving energy through those circuits with a certain intention with a certain set of connections things are going to open up. But the secret to it is consistent repetition and fun if you're not enjoying the work you're not going to do it in fact be very be very very careful of any angry chiong.

Masters or any spir any angry spiritual leaders they're not practicing what they preach. I hope. Anyway you said be very very care and. Then oh be very very one of the things my teacher taught me and.

I. I. I find this to be true because it's in alignment with what. I teach um be very very careful around spiritual gurus um religious people uh.

Chong. Masters and and martial artists who are always angry because because that's that's that's somebody who's not doing what they're supposed to be doing the opposite of yeah where the more spiritual a person tends to be the more joyful they tend to be yeah okay. Is there a practice you'd recommend you you warned us about like doing the chiong stuff like that you weren't comfortable teaching it yet is there a practice you would recommend that sort of with the outcome. I guess of strength gentleness calmness controlling the mind um that.

I could just add in and do like kind of pulling down the heavens 1 through 10 three. Divine invocations process tremendously powerful in addition to that well you just have the pulling down the heavens you have the one through 10. I'm doing yeah. I'm doing the whole process okay.

So that in and of itself is a whole chiong practice the difference is now instead of just doing it once what you do is you you break it you take each one into stages. So like you do like you're going to do pulling down the heavens we do pulling down the heavens we do three of these right. Well don't do three of them do 36 of them super slow. So when you we come up and we we come down this way we're usually doing it fast because we do it as a preparatory exercise to get on to whatever other processes we're going to do.

So in the. Chiang. Clinic. I got a client on the table.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna wash my body my spir my three bodies right. Then. I'm going to bring in the yin energy of the earth.

I'm going to bring the heaven energy from the cosmos and. I'm going to bring. Divine energy in and become a conduit for that energy and now. I'm.

GNA do my table treatment and my work and dip into their. Spirit body and stuff like that right. But the actual practice of that system is you would spend 36 108 repetitions just on well because that's what. I started to notice was.

I started to notice that as. I was doing this. I was like feeling like there was like actual. Force yes.

Behind what. I like. I was like. I started noticing like this feels really strong and it was the same kind of thing it was faster with the three.

Divine invocations where. I started noticing like my voice was like there was like this power exuding from me or something. But it's this yeah where it's like what you do at the end of. The.

Practice now again the secret to this is remember that the one through the three div the pulling down the heavens one through 10 three. Divine invocations yeah we teach it to you as three phases of one thing. But each one is actually its separate meditation. So if you take each piece and you work it like a separate meditation when you go to do the full sequence you're.

G to pull in. So much power and. Juice you're also going to purge like a. So just be ready for that right.

Because that's what's going to happen because the more the more. Pure. Energy take it slow more the more pure energy and. Radiance that comes in.

First you get. Bliss out right. And as as that positive charge starts to build your body wants your your your tissues your energy and your spirit want to move towards. Health right.

So they start vibrating and purging that's locked in and yeah. I know that process. I feel you know what it's gonna keep happening at different levels and. Then some days.

I wake up and. I'm like man where is all this crap coming from and. I was like the other day my skin broke out a little bit oh yeah. So what you want to do after that there's there's an exercise um maybe we'll teach it at the ma.

Mastermind is this weekend by the way uh because of my training schedule we're going to be doing. The. Mastermind this. Saturday the 14th.

So be the. Moss should have posted a a link for that. But one of the uh there's two other um really cool exercises that you can do one is called rings of light rings of light meditation is like it takes your energy body and just supercharge it like redonkulous it's also one of the exercises that we teach when we're going to do. Spirit travel or astral projection because it helps you get out of your body.

So maybe we'll talk about that um and also. Divine waterfall the. Divine waterfall is where we take the energy from uh from the. Divine and now we bring it through our body and we just diss.

First we dissolve our physical body. Then we dissolve our energy body. Then we dissolve our spirit body into that. Divine.

Radiance and we just let it clean us out like dissolving into a waterfall and. Then we slowly reconstitute our bodies uh in harmony with the original blueprint. So those are some really good things that you can do now remember at the end of your practice what you want to do is you want to take all that energy and you want to reconsolidate it down in the lower danen should be doing that cons more consistently yeah that's that's the big one right. And what you what.

I tell all my students especially people who aren't studying with me person like the megas. I'll get personal training with me and stuff like that if you're doing this by proxy. Then one of the things. I want you all to do is once you've got all the energy.

Consolidated in your lower donen what. I want you to do is circulate it through the fire path to the microcosmic orbit about 108 times okay. And. Then move everything back down into your lower donen and the reason for that is is because if uh because.

I'm not there to to watch and monitor your practice. I don't know what you're you know what you're doing with your mind things of that nature and because energy is easy to build. But very hard to control it's very very easy to create an energetic excess condition in your body right. And.

So by moving by intentionally moving all the energy down to the lower. D and consolidating it there and. Then taking that energy and moving it through the microcosmic orbit it creates like a centrifuge in the body that that you know when you take a centrif it disperses everything evenly. So the more you cycle through that fire path of the microcosmic orbit the more the more the energy is regulated throughout the entire system and.

Then you bring it back down into the lower. Donan and you seal it. So that clears up like the energy blockages that could be messing up it's a it's a good way to begin to minimize the possibility of an energy blockage that you created actually you created all all of them. But.

But making the other ones worse right. You also probably want to start thinking about um cleansing routines. So like dredging and. U uh trembling horse and we can talk about some of these things.

But. I'll probably do. I'll probably start doing a whole energy training track at some point because. I want to practice.

I want an excuse to practice these things too. So yeah the cleansing process that's cool and. I. I've been taking um a sort of carbon supplement um to for like parts of detox and that helps clear out and that's been helping me a crap ton and.

I think that. I just need to be purging some things physically. But it seems to also like happening. Anyway basically when you're crap ton of clearing are you clearing a ton of crap am.

I am. I literally crapping a lot is um. I guess. I mean.

But it's uh yeah it seems like that helps too. So it's all the same stuff. I guess. But oh there's that word again it's all the same yeah well now that you've just embedded it in my mind.

I see it all over the place now. So can't you can't unsee it brother just welcome to. Planet. David that's just how it is.

I said to mandar the other day mandar thought this one was hilarious and he wanted to ask you about it. But he said. I said uh have you ever noticed that uh like. Latino.

Women or something like that they're very spicy. But they eat lots of spicy foods and that vegetarians are usually very cool they eat lots of cool foods and he's like he was he was. So like he was geeking he was losing it off of that one. But he's like andar does that a lot yeah.

So yeah all the same stuff cool. I'm gonna. I'm gonna read. Holly's question out loud if we get time when we are actively manifesting and our life falls apart how can we tell if our lives are falling apart because it needs to for manifesting versus when it's falling apart as a direct result of our weakness and bad strategies such as we are being lazy don't have interpersonal skills the answer is yes.

They're not mutually exclusive many times our falls apart to bring attention to the things we need to focus on and to to remove things from our life that are keeping us from embracing a new a new paradigm and the universe doesn't really give a about your comfort um because if it's time for you to take to move to the. Next spiritual level it'll just pull the rug out from under you and you just have to figure it out. But here's the thing it's not it's not vindictive it's not personal it's you signed up for a certain set of missions in this life you've accomplished and learned certain lessons and now the universe is changing the the playing field. So you can take it to the.

Next level in the long run everything works out for the good that's why we can always laugh about that happened in the past rather than when it's happening right. In front of us right. When. I say always.

I mean more often than not right. The we can't laugh about we haven't we we're not finished with yet right. And that's one of the things we we as evolving humans need to understand there's no. Such thing as a random feeling in our bodies right.

And if the charge is still there the universe is going to make damn sure we deal with it at some point right. But like. I said before it's very easy it's very easy for us to become. So consumed with fixing what we think is broken that we forget get to move forward towards the life we want.

So like. I tell you before just move forward when something comes up that gets in your way deal with it keep moving forward don't keep looking backwards for more to fix it'll be there if you tell what direction is forward though what do you want everything starts with what you want right. What do you want what makes your heart sing what lights you up like a. Christmas tree right.

There's a reason here here something you imagination connects us to. Heaven feeling connects us to the. Earth okay. So we're here in a body that feels and this these feelings aren't just random things they're tools they're designed to help us navigate this vibrational reality they're not things we're supposed to stuff down and ignore or create rationales around they're things we're supposed to explore and use right.

It's it's one of the hardest things to wrap your head around. But when you really when you really come to that understanding it's hard to be in an unresourceful. State because you think about your feelings differently and that gives you that gives you power over them your feelings don't it it really is it's it's it's it's bizarre when you when you make that transition and everybody comes to it in their own time right. I.

I can't. I can. I can show you the steps and. I can tell you what to do.

I can shorten the curve as much as humanly possible. But. I can't eliminate the curve and. So we just got we have our own path to walk even though we're walking our own path separately together there's going to be patterns that are are.

Universal from one person we've all been betrayed we've all been disappointed we've all been taken from we've all been abused we've all been uh you know uh lied to and and and cheated and loved and hated and vilified we've all had those experiences the experiences are common the stories are what make them unique to us and it's the story. I just. I just taught this like yesterday or the day before it's the story that keeps the energy locked in our bodies when. I was when.

I was going through the the reparenting model with. David and. I showed you how by creating an alternate story we created an alternate energy packet and when we move that frequency through the problem the other story that's story dissolved and lost its cohesion it couldn't stay the same anymore because that was what was keeping the energy in its particular structure and. So it's the interplay between structure and content that locks the energy in the body or in the spirit or in the energy body and by changing the story.

We dissolve the form and that's all all of our is as heinous as we think it is as as disempowering or or making us making us less than as we think they are what they really are are stories we've encoded on a vibrational energetic. DVD that we haven't finished editing yet we're just playing them right. And they're all built the same way from the same stuff right. And once you get to that level it just starts it it comes down to okay.

I have this body feeling where do. I need to go who what do. I need to deal with what's what's behind that when when was when was the. First time.

I felt that way who was it with who taught me to feel this way what's the story and once you have the body location and the story all you got to do is use any of the techniques we've taught you or ask what do you want instead and you're off right. All right. All right. Well we are about 24 minutes over the time i' allotted for this.

But uh any. Last minute questions before. I move us on for those of you uh vuring from the. YouTube land.

I hope you guys had a enjoyed the show. I hope you learn some cool stuff uh if you want to participate in our. Next. AMA which will be on the.

First or the. Third. Friday of this month. I believe uh usually about 4M please feel free to join our.

Platinum level or if you want to actually participate in the live training where we actually roll up our sleeves and do drills and work together and stuff like that. I invite you to just come and and log in and and and become a member at the diamond level for those of you who are in the. San. Diego area we added a fourth level to the.

YouTube channel where you can actually come live in person at. U either the the. NLP. Powerhouse which is my my my personal office or at the country in and.

Suites where we do our live. Mastermind trainings and do this in a room with me with no. Screen in between. So if you're interested go ahead and check out our community.

Tab and uh if you enjoyed these videos please like and share tell people about it and uh the better the question the better life you lead the quality of your life is determined by the quality of the questions you ask you want a better life ask better questions. I'm. Dr. David.

Snider thank you to my my. Zoomers thank you to my. YouTubers love you all we'll talk to you soon. God bless take care.
