Title: Face Reading Secrets: Breaking the Cycle of 7 Generations of Trauma &amp; Reclaiming Your Joy Now!
File Name: oQmi92tTu20.txt
Video Id: oQmi92tTu20
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQmi92tTu20

Anytime you experience something that you that feeds your spirit that for some reason you can no. Longer do either either you can no. Longer do it physically or emotionally it could be a person. But it can also be activities right.

Horse riding example is one let's say that um um person's very social very outgoing has lots of girlfriends or boyfriends if he meets a significant and. I'm using relationships because relationships are one of the biggest catalysts for these things especially if you're dealing with soop as a narcissist. CU one of the. First things they're going to do is cut you off from your social support network okay.

And because they're. So good at creating identification and tapping into your emotional needs you'll tend to do what they say if you're coming to. Vegas um we'll cover some of that stuff. But let's say that he he systematically isolates her from the people who were closest to her growing up family friends she's all by herself she's there because she's in love.

She's. Doing the thing she was taught to do when you're married to someone or whatever. But she's ging for those relationships she'll develop lines that run from the inner canthus down the cheeks and the longer they are the more the more intense it is. So as you're working with.

PE your your partners or whatever pay attention do they have any and if they do inquire about them and the way you say is there something you used to do that you absolutely love to do. But you don't do anymore you you would love to do again if you could and see what they say watch what happens to their. Shen okay. And what you want to do is recover it okay.

You want to recover it this is part of the. Jing module in the face reading system right. Jing is about. Constitution and and and history life history emotional the thing the emotions that you've marked and the things that you've stored or the way you've used your.

Jing and that's what happens is when you see lines in the face you're looking at places where the. Jing has dried up like if you've ever seen a rivered that had a lot of river and it dries up and it cracks that's exactly what this is it cracks in the riverbed if you can restore that love or get them on a path to it those lines will go away okay. Some of you have them some of you don't. But we've all had things or moments in our life that fed our spirit that people either didn't approve of and.

So we stop doing it we need to recover those we need to build them into our future and our present you understand that's what it's about. So your exercise on that lane of the transformation super highway is to review your life if you want to do it on your own you can. I recommend you partner up with somebody have them ask you questions because. Then the person watching you can watch your.

Shen talk about. First. First and foremost all the things you love to do that feed your spirit all the things you love to do like. I know.

Tina loves archery she loves shooting she loves you know all these other thing you know these things you wouldn't you know you look. At. Tina. I know her and.

So. I know she's like this amazingly versatile woman right. But there are things that. I know from her past that she wanted she loved to do she wouldn't allowed to do right.

Because of the relationship she had and the the life circumstances recover those bring the joy back because you're allowed it's hard to remember them. I know. I know. But that's the process this isn't a once andone thing you understand you're going to cycle through these processes over and over and over again you're never done which freaked out one of my students once after doing the grade room like 20 or 30 times he goes every time.

I go back. I keep finding more stuff when will. I be done. I said never he goes never and he had a meltdown right.

There cuz. I told him you're always going to find more stuff you got millions of years of accumulated memories in your cells alone right. But as you fix this stuff you fix it seven generations forward and seven generations back you want to help your children fix your now yeah um are you talking with the fixing. Seven.

Generations forward is that before your children are conceived or are we are we talking out you're still helping them even after they're born know know people people ask how do. I how do. I how do. I help my children.

I said fix your your children are impr printing you constantly right. And as you change you they become changes it never stops just because they can't they don't have tools to measure it doesn't mean it's not true yes. So if you don't have kids does that like just is it like your sister's kids are okay. Or something.

I don't know. I wouldn't worry about your sister's kids. I worry about the ones you might spawn well if. I don't raise them it's still they're still cool though right.

Yeah there there is if you ask. Will she'll tell you that that sometimes traits move laterally if someone passes on a lot of times the the traits that they have will pass to a sibling or they'll it's it's weird. But you know if you look. If you think of these these traits as information wanting to move forward that's all.

I think of this. DNA is is is information that wants to keep transferring keep traveling whether those things have a physical embodiment like your your. DNA the actual physical substance of your. DNA or it's vibrational it's still the same you understand what.

I'm saying that information wants to be expressed it wants to inform that's that's. Consciousness informing matter it will find an outlet. I used to. I used to stay up at night going well if.

I if if. I die and the information. I have will be lost and. I realize you know what it won't information is never lost for long it will come back right.

You sh say there's nothing new. Under the. Sun. Well the shit's been lost and rediscovered over and over and it will it'll always be that way.

So just don't try to change the system work with the system you have right. Um questions on this is this helpful yes. Okay. So again.

I again let's be practical with it start with the that holds you back in terms of your your immediate issues start work on your character traits and you'll find as a byproduct of that that a lot of your health stuff will start to change as well because it's all it's all connected right. It's just when we try to follow the. Chinese way of connecting things you get lost in the sauce really quick. So how does it change.

Seven. Generations back you'd have to ask. God oh ask my ancors. But we do know we do know from sence scientific studies with with insects that s to 10 generations of fruit flies will carry the the ear marks of the trauma induced on the parent generation.

Seven. Generations back we know that. Holocaust survivers are actually uh the grandchildren of. Holocaust.

FES are actually in worse shape many times than their grandparents were and. I have a theory on why that's true. But they do bear the genetic damage from those time periods that they weren't even around for what's your theory um because your your neurology is inherently weighted towards negativity it gives more about six times more weight to negative experiences than um than it just the positive ones and the difference between the grandparents generation and the grandchildren imagination when you imagine an experience it is the most horrific you could make it gets idealized interesting. So when they're playing movies of what their grandparents went through they may actually be making a worse movie than what the grandparents actually told them about okay.

So that's my my working. Theory. So you combine that really super idealized personalized imaginative experience of what it might have been like combined with the actual genetic memory of it combined with the negativity of the nervous system to give more power to negative experiences. Anyway you have you may have you may wind up with a generation that's highly overreactive or over sensitive to things have.

Millennials yeah right. Um. But again it's it's just a. David.

Theory it may or may not be factual. But these are the things that we know are true thank right. So. I want you to in.

Planet. David in terms of face reading. I really want you to spend a lot of time studying this map when you get access to it if you have if you've already been to the face reading class you should have access to it already if you have lilian's book. You have access to it it's on the internet this is the one that's that's going to give you probably some of the the most useful information right.

Off the bat if another one you want to you want to pay particular attention to is when you see lines extending from the inner canus to the eye. But rather than going down the cheek they're actually coming down the side of the nose these are called disempowerment lines in. Lillian's book. I.

I call them appeasement lines because the behavior is somebody expressed thems and the push back was. So negative that they just capitulated they they wanted to do they'll do anything to appease the the the insult or the push back and. So they they they try they're always trying to make up for something. So they're trying to appease right.

And you'll see people coming in from from a a very uh abusive relationships or very uh you know very unequal relationships we're always in that one down position and it was like somebody took. An. X-Acto. Knife they just they're just really deep right.

And when you see that um if you were a predator you would know you have a pushover right. If you're a therapist you know that there's a lot of things that we need to work on in terms of their gallbladder which is uh the organ that monitors um resentment and timidity and courage okay. You probably want to work on their gallbladder which would be would show up up in here as well. But this is also uh this is a fire area here right.

And this is a metal area. So don't be surprised if if they have some kind of um lung issues okay. It's all the same it's it's all relating right.
