Title: o8wExDXA25w.txt
Video Id: o8wExDXA25w
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8wExDXA25w

[Music] all right. We're gonna go to lunch at one o'clock we're gonna come back at 2:30. So we've got about a half hour. I'd cram this [ __ ] down your throats.

So um again we are in the i2 portion of the killer influence training which is again what separates. CPI from killer influence is the inclusion of all of these other areas of study that enhance and allow us to deliver an even more powerful verbal or linguistic presentation the information that. I'm going to share with you is derived from a multitude of sources both civilian and military. So.

I will give you a comprehensive list of where. I pulled this [ __ ] from. First books you might want to start with is left of bang yeah it's if it isn't it should be now one of the things that when we talk about body language we're talking about a very very deep well. So one of the.

First things that has to happen is we need to find a way to simplify what we're doing we need to distill a massive body of knowledge to a few simple guidelines to a few big outliers that we that areare a continuum that upholds polls at this information falls. So that we can begin to extrapolate things and that's where the magics coming in if you're gonna do true kinesics work you are going to spend literally hundreds of hours watching a video of one person okay. When you're talking about an interrogator like. CSI mili you're not you're talking about someone who's gonna sit in an interrogation they're gonna videotape that interrogation and they're gonna rewind that video over and over and over again to establish a baseline to establish deviance from the norm that's not practical for us we don't have that luxury we don't have those resources.

So we need to do what a lot of the military operators are trained to do in the field look. For specific outliers specific telltale marks. But. Then we also need to kind of civilian symbolize it a little bit we need to be able to look.

At a people a person or a group of people and extrapolate certain things. So you're gonna hear me pull things from the military site. I didn't have any things from the dating and seduction side of things okay. Everything from left to banked playboy.

Guide to. Getting girls and all points in between because it's all behavioural. So. First of all let's talk about two concepts you got to have when you're talking about body language actually three.

First one is no. Single trait means anything no. Single behavior means anything period someone goes this is the most common when people see this doesn't mean [ __ ] doesn't matter if it's cook. They can be cold they could be afraid they can be comfortable in this position and can't look.

At a single body language feature or behavior and make an extrapolation you have to look. At the context of rank you coming back to an environment in context context is king over and over you got to look. At the context okay. The.

Next thing we got to talk about is we wanted to we have to determine. So if no. Single trait means anything what do we have to look. Forward to clusters clusters groups of traits that appear together usually there's a timeliness to it usually about one to five seconds either way most people's language and and speech will match up when people are being intentionally deceptive that timing is off.

So you can always tell like if you classic one is you guys remember when. Nixon was making his speech to the public and he says. I am. NOT a crook.

Right. I'm parody. Allah. But that's that was the exact timing.

I am. NOT a crook. That's out of time that's an out of sequence movement. So many times one of the things you'll see is what.

Jason. Hanson calls to the freeze when people are very animated very outgoing and they go to live they freeze they just stop all their body mechanics change okay. So what we're looking for when we're looking at clusters is we're looking at of at least two to three things that change together consistently consistently [Music]. But this doesn't help us until we have the.

Third characteristic which is called a base line a base line is the norm what's normal what's normal problem. But normal is you take takes time to figure that out right. So whenever you approach someone remember that this is from your proxemics chapter any penetration of a person's personal space causes stress deviations from the baseline becomes stronger the more stress reaches the system. So just the act of approaching somebody will cause them to deviate from their baseline the only question is degree okay.

Now the heuristic that the military follows when they're assessing baselines there's only four baselines everybody with me. So far yeah. I've never taught anybody this stuff. So this particular stuff.

So. I gave good notes your baselines can be broken down of all the possible multitudes and variations your baselines can be to be broken down into one of four things they are either dominant or submissive they are either comfortable or uncomfortable each of them has some archetypal characteristics what are some characteristics of a dominant personality posture posture in was specifically aggressive not aggressive confident upright. Taking up space okay. Dominant people take up space vertically and horizontally they also have a forward energy to them.

So forward and big forward and big what about subordinate people submit less space they take up less space more in more hidden shrink back possibly that's more uncomfortable though a submissive person will be forward. But small get it dominant-submissive forward bay forward small there's your baselines you look. At somebody in relation to somebody else who's bigger who's more forward who's more back who's has more open exposed areas person has more open and exposed areas is comfortable person who covers up their vital spots is uncomfortable. Newport is looking for a way to protect their vital spots is uncomfortable.

I use you. Elizabeth [Music]. So who's more comfortable her me why she's helping your hair taped barrier oh yeah when you see this uncomfortable comfortable you can draw a straight line between our vital spots the martial arts we have this thing called the center line and we in one of the temple of studies that. I tried in it we called the head thing called a constructive.

Center instructors. Center was the space between the eyes. All the way down the front body where all the vital organs are accessible when you look. At some of these orientation and they have clear lines of access to that constructive.

Center they're comfortable follow me if they are blocking they're not they're defensive you'll see this at bars all the time people go up they sit. Next to each other right. And as they become more comfortable they open up right. For possible baselines that you can scan a group dominant-submissive if.

I'm being dominant right. Right. If she's being submissive right. In other words you see them and not even unafraid away.

But if you see that. I saw this a lot what you guys were doing here you're three magic questions especially this one she was like all touchy and she was like all forward and right. Yeah. I was watching you guys right.

That's submissive or subordinate right. And it can fluctuate. But this is the whole point when somebody's dominant the person the submissive will be forward if they're comfortable forward and small forwards big understand if they're uncomfortable they're gonna distance or block got it okay. So we're gonna work on that part.

First we're gonna do role plays and all. I want you to do is get into groups of five okay. And. I want you guys to just get in a group decide who's gonna be the report leader and.

I want you to just take on various body language postures and if someone's gonna go out of the room they're gonna change and. I just want you to pick who's what oh great you know what. I want you to do. I want you to practice this all right.

This is the. First thing. I want you to learn how to do from a distance okay. Let's take twenty five thirty minutes - well we'll take it to lunch to do this.

Then you can go to lunch and do it with people and when we come back we'll show you the seven stages of intimacy. I mean they like the mating dance you'll get it after lunch you're not coming back after lunch and. I've got a video on. YouTube where.

I teach it called it it's called the mating dancers [Music] if you're leaving and you need to talk to. Stephanie she's leaving for. I want a clock for lunch too. So you might want to say hi goodbye whatever.

So one of us leaves in the.
