Title: Speed Healing Energy Hypnosis: Use Your Mind To Heal Your Body, Boost Your Immune System And More
File Name: P4_nYIqFGD0.txt
Video Id: P4_nYIqFGD0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4_nYIqFGD0

Yeah welcome to energy hypnosis speed healing techniques. Hypno. Thoughts live 2020. I'm your dude in a vest breaking everything.

Dr. David. Snyder all right. So just for my edification how many of you is this your.

First time in the room locked okay. Oh you poor people all right. So for those of you who don't know about me other than the fact that. I like to do weird dances.

I am a doctor of acupuncture and. Oriental medicine. I am currently working on a. Second doctorate in medical.

Qigong the stuff they outlawed in. China that's a big that's and. I'm learning all the things in my medical. Qigong class that.

I wanted to learn in my acupuncture training. But they sanitized. I've been a. Reiki master and trainer since before.

Reiki was cool back in the 90s. I've been studying. Kabbalah almost as long before. Madonna even heard of.

Kabbalah. So. I'm very much a prima donna. I'm certified in chronic healing.

Advanced chronic healing chronic. Psychotherapy. DNA healing data healing. Advanced.

DNA. Theta healing. Advanced. DNA.

Theta healing manifestation wait a minute there's more um. Bankston energy healing system which to me tops everything um that thing has just manifested patently impossible just stupidly on a consistent basis we'll talk more about all of those things. I've been a hypnotist since. I was 15 years old.

I'm a certified trainer in neuro-linguistic programming and for the. Last seven years. I've been in the top two. NLP trainers of the in the world by globalgurus.org.

I've also 15 different products on various forms of human influence. I'm going to stop now. I also have several high-ranking black belts in the martial arts one of which is a 10th degree black belt or no. Canal and karate.

A system that specializes specifically in manipulating the acupuncture points in meridians of the human body for not nice purposes okay. So there's a lot right. But nobody wants to hear me anytime. I start to talk about my syllabus or my curriculum batai rather people either.

I'm the world's biggest liar or. I'm trying to compensate for something. I'll let you figure that one out for yourself today is about something that. I had when.

I. First started in the martial arts. I thought about all these cool. Chi things and you know.

Kung. Fu theater and. Dragon. Ball.

Z and all these things and. Then. I got into my. First martial arts thing in my teacher basically that's all he would talk about it.

But aside from breaking bricks. I'd never really orderly on a bed of nails which is basically physics. I'd really never seen much. So.

I started to kind of adopt the beliefs of my teacher that maybe this is and. Then one day. I walked into a seminar this is way back in the day and it was a martial arts seminar on pressure points how to manipulate acupuncture points and meridians for self-defense it's actually an uh an energetic martial arts aspect of acupuncture that was hidden in the traditional karate forms. But it was.

Kept. Secret it was held back and if anybody ever tells you there are no. Secrets they're full of all right. They're either lying to you or they were just never taught which is more often the case trust me the vows of secrecy that were in place thousands of years ago are still in place today some of them are based on the system itself others are cultural as politically incorrect as that is to talk about there are certain places you won't get in the door just because of the color of your skin or where you were born shouldn't be that way it sucks.

But it's what it is right. Here's what. I tell all my students you're never going to make the world the way you want it to be until you can accept it the way it is and deal with it the way it is you have to start with a. Baseline and work towards that does that make sense.

So. I walked into this seminar and. I got to wait and. I sit down.

I got my notes and there's this. Shadow looming over me big dude right. And he falls out cold right. Next to me and.

I'm like what did. I just walk into and the guy teaching the seminar goes you're fresh he goes to me do you mind if. I dizzy you and. I'm like.

I've been hit by the best. I've been kicked upside to head. I've been punched in the face right. Sure he goes do you do forms.

I go yeah you guys know what. I mean when. I say forms these little these little dances that people learn right. They're all coded they're not what people think it's really cool.

But the forms are designed to preserve information as well as hide it. So if you don't understand the code that is involved you just get this dance it's kind of like singing a song in a foreign language you can mimic it perfectly. But you don't know what the hell you're saying that's what most people doing forums today are basically dealing with okay. Which is why most people moved away from forums because the explanations that they were given for them were bs.

Anyway. So he goes do you mind if. I dizzy you and. I'm like okay.

He goes you do forms. I go yeah he goes you do. Kata. I go yeah he goes what's this move it's an x-block what's it for.

I guess someone's swinging an action here your blind goes. Next thing. I know two pairs are picking me up he knocked me out with my block because not blocked turns out this point connects stomach five this point connects three gallbladder points on the head and it causes a short circuit in the cranial nerves that meets in the brain you go out that's neuroscience they're connected to the acupuncture points and meridians all connected the difference is how many people here know the the story of the. Tower of.

Babel okay. So the style about in in a. Reader's. Digest version back thousands and thousands and thousands of years ago human beings all spoke one language and they all worked together and they created amazing things and one day they got it in their head hey let's build a tower up to heaven and take over and.

So they start building this. Tower and. God looks down he says huh. So you think you're coming up here huh he waves his magic hand and all of a sudden everybody's speak in a different language nobody understands anyone and before you know it they're suspicious they're misunderstanding their misery and everybody in the everything crumbles as nobody understood what we want to do is get a.

Common. Language a language that everyone understands. But even more importantly that every part of you understands you see that's why energy healing takes a long time it's why the results don't always. Last because the parts of you that need to communicate and work together aren't okay.

Famous hypnotist by the name of. Milton. Erickson once said your clients will be your clients because they're out of rapport with their subconscious mind remember ever read that okay. So let's start unpacking that what's the biggest part of your unconscious mind anybody know oh he's asking questions by the way.

I this is a highly participatory seminar right. The more you get up off your button actually do the drills the more powerful it's going to be for you okay. The most powerful part the largest part of your unconscious mind is your body. But when we when we hypnotize people what's the average position of the uh the hip of the subject in the chair it looks something like this we leave the largest part of the subconscious mind relatively untouched.

So you have an autonomic division to your nervous system you have proprioceptive divisions to your nervous system you have your central nervous system which is your brain and spinal cord these all make sense you all been to anatomy class right. Here's the problem they don't all speak the same language and they're not fully connected to all the different parts of you you know the science out there say if you can point to where you feel it you can change it literally true okay. Let's let's just get to. Basics.

I want everybody to stand up because it's after lunch and if. I keep talking you're going to go into a food coma. So the. First thing we're going to talk about is interoception and exteroception for those who don't know all these sections interception is what's going on inside your body and the ability to.

Monitor and feel that extraception is what's going on outside of your body. So one of the. First things we want to learn to do is connect the inside to the outside. So we're gonna play some games is that okay.

Okay. I want you to close your eyes. For me and. I want you to remember a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever now.

I'm not the pleasure police. I'm not going to ask not that one no. I'm teaching. I'm not.

I'm not gonna. I don't care who you were with what substances were involved how many state lines you crossed. I don't care all. I care about is that when you remember that moment when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of absolute pleasure.

I'd like you to notice there's a place in your body where those amazing wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it excellent. I'd like you to notice look. At it with your inner eyes. Notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings.

I'm curious. I'm wondering what color of colors that might be for you. First impression whatever it is imagine a beautiful ball with that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball with energy is going to begin to grow it's going to begin to expand it's going to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all downers all bummers real or imagined well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited.

Supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to make it go away try to imagine some other making that go away and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied stop testing open your eyes.

Notice how good you feel what just happened we got some happy in here don't we all right. We just talked. I. I actually skipped a lesson the thing that connects by mind and body is breath psyche and some are connected by pneuma.

Body. Mind connected by breath okay. Now close your eyes. Breathe that color through your entire being once again notice what happens now now.

I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body either where that feeling starts and grows from like before or its strongest or both point to where you feel it now here's where it gets really cool if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that amazing feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it go ahead take your other that's right. Now let's make sure we got the right. One. Tracy outline of that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is now make the picture bigger like you'd expand the windows on your iPhone notice what happens to the feeling in your body does it get stronger does it get weaker whichever one you do is perfectly okay. It's no. Right. Or wrong now bring it back to its original size now.

I don't want you to slowly keep the size exactly the same slowly pull the picture closer to your body does the feeling get stronger or weaker lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket the more you get your body involved the better this works that's right. See a lot of happy faces now now here's what. I want you to do you can have this feeling back in whatever way you want for just a moment. But for the sake of our drill.

I want you to unwrap that feeling lift it back up over your head now you all know what a frisbee is why don't you go ahead and take that frisbee throw it all the way behind you until it disappears behind the. Horizon completely when you know it's gone scan your body notice what happened to the feeling what do you notice okay. Now imagine your hands are the world's strongest frisbee magnets suck that frisbee right. Back into your hands as you hold it up there.

I'm going to tell you one of the most important things you're going to learn this entire conference inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your. Universe you are the king or queen of your. Universe you have every right. Permission and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want.

I want you to play with that power right. Now. I want you to take this picture this feeling that you're holding and. I want you to play with it.

I want you to make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it in your body move it out notice how every time you move that picture around or you change the size and location the feelings and the quality of those feelings change as well and. I want you to keep playing with it. I want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that sweet spot. I want you to fix it into place notice how the feelings in your body shift and change is the energy of that picture flows into your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream and from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very.

DNA of those cells reprogramming transforming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful perpetual pleasure. Factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done it's locked in test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead that's right. When you're happy when you're satisfied stop testing open your eyes. Look. Up here was that cool give yourselves a big round of applause all right.

Have a seat [Applause] what you've just experienced is what we've come to call the proprioceptive grid now. NLP was the. First to discover this aspect of it oh. So many years ago.

But it didn't go far enough you see back in the in the time when. NLP was incepted it was believed that the things you were just playing with were nothing. But hallucinations that they were just something you made up which was true enough to be true except that the universal language of all beings is metaphor all you are if you look. If you reference quantum physics is light different frequencies of light interacting and communicating some parts of that light are transducing to higher frequencies some of those light based frequencies are going down they're becoming denser.

So how do we make that functional. First and foremost you guys remember the song we danced to at the beginning of the class do you know why we do that anybody if you haven't. I know you know the reason that we do that is to remind us hey get your body involved. But there's a deeper one everything human beings do is in response to a.

Feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of every. Behavior we generate is in response to a feeling either to move away from it or towards it and that's how it works. But there's more to it you see we talk about vibration this we talk about vibration that and we understand it theoretically we understand it somewhat you know depending on what we do we may be a little bit experientially. But how do we play with vibration and frequency in the body feelings all vibrational frequencies that enter the body create a sensation they create a.

Feeling we talk about. Laws of. Attraction and manifestation we talk about you will attract into your life that the qualities or the the situations offense and circumstances and people that are in harmony with what your dominant thoughts true not true and. So we spend time doing all these affirmations and all these vision boards and everything right.

What if it was something else what if it wasn't the pictures what if it wasn't the affirmations what if it was the feeling that comes from it might want to turn the phones off or put them in airplane mode the vibrational signature that you send out to you to the universe is analogous to the the current default body. State you have in other words if. I'm walking around in a happy playful curious state well that's what is obvious to me there's a lot of other little sub frequencies in there that go out as well part of your job is to clean up those garbage frequencies. So you have a pure signal does that make sense.

So the. First thing. I'm going to teach you is dominant thought versus non-dominant thought how many people have ever done affirmations. Okay.

So this is where this is always fun for me how many people don't usually start doing affirmations until they're in a shitty mood. I'm going to suggest that that might not be the optimum way to approach your affirmations okay. We're going to talk about this a lot more uh tomorrow morning. I guess tomorrow morning when we do hidden.

Laws of. Attraction the crash course. But. I'm going to give you a little thing.

I want. I want you to think of an affirmation that and just make one up right. But it's something you want that you don't have it yet. I want you to just say it to yourself real quick just say it to yourself real quick okay.

When you've done that just raise your hand. So you've done it all right. Now what happened in your body when you gave yourself that affirmation you felt it how many felt a a good feeling perfect how many felt a really obvious good feeling and in the background there was this little nagging icky feeling that you were trying to ignore congratulations you just found your dominant thought six things. I want you to remember right.

Now and. Then. I'll explain this for you when you're dialoguing with the unconscious mind you have to understand these if how many people would like to eliminate almost all resistance to their therapy sessions okay. If you teach your clients the six things.

I'm about to share with you you will eliminate 99 of all resistance in it from a client if you internalize these six principles when you go to work on yourself you will get success much faster remember. I said at the beginning of our training you have an autonomic nervous system you have a proprioceptive nervous system you have a cerebral a brain and spinal cord all of these systems are supposed to intercommunicate. But they don't all speak the same language your autonomic nervous system doesn't speak. English it doesn't speak.

French it doesn't speak. German. Hebrew ancient. Greek your autonomic nervous system communicates in.

Sensations. Sensations and imagery and it's important to understand this because you have a two-year-old whose job it is is to take those feelings and those images and make a story out of them that may have nothing to do with what they actually mean you understand that here's the problem we spend. So much time in this part of our mind that we relate to everything through those filters. So when information comes up from the autonomic nervous system we assume that what the neocortex is telling us it means is true not better than 50 of the time it is not you all know this you're hypnotists right.

There's the presenting problem the thing that came in the door for and. Then there's the real reason they're there right. That they don't know they didn't know well it's the same thing when you're not in trans of course you're never not in trans which is the problem. So we're going to talk about really really quickly and.

Then we're going to close the loop on um the feeling thing hope that's the transformation those are the techniques you're going to be learning um where's my six. Dynamics there we go if you want if you want to take these home by the way. Richard has them on business card um oh. I got a bunch of other stuff when.

I'm going to do this one section. Then we're gonna do some more administrative stuff like how many people like a copy of my notes okay. You notice there's a little packs of mints on your chair there with a. QR code on it if you scan that code before you leave and type your name and email each and every one of you will receive in the mail a copy of this presentation or actually you'll receive actually more than what's in the presentation because there's a lot here.

But um this is where we want to start um also um again more administrative stuff keep opening all these. Loops remind me to talk about this when. I'm done [Applause] your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up.

I know. I know it's never loud you ever hear the expression the the conscious mind shouts the unconscious mind. Whispers when you did your affirmation you have that obvious good feeling because you were you were saying something you wanted to have right. But in the background there was that little icky.

Naggy sensation right. That's your dominant thought you became subtly aware of it because the the information you were trying to install was in conflict with it you provoked it provocation is one of the most powerful therapeutic tools we have especially when we do it to ourselves all right. The unconscious mind always answers. First many times non-verbally this is why.

I do not teach my students to use scripts ever because all the information you need is going to come from the client and where attention flows energy goes retention goes energy flows. So the more attention. I'm paying to my client the more of my energy is interacting with all the different divisions of their nervous system their proprioception their interoception their mirror neurons their cardiac nervous system all of these things integrate to create our subjective internal experience which is vibrational data in the form of a metaphor. So when.

I have you remember a time in your life when you felt. X and all of a sudden there's a color connected to that feeling it's a metaphor. But it's a metaphor that represents that vibrational frequency you get it. I just did when we did the the pleasure game that's what it was right.

We're going to do a lot more of it right. But this is what. I want you when you start doing this work on yourself remember when you ask your unconscious mind a question pay attention to what pops up. First okay.

Whatever comes up for it no. Matter how nonsensical non-linear irrelevant that's what the answer is it always answers honestly your neurology always gives you what it believes to be true and as far as your neurology is concerned that's all that matters in uh there was a guy by the name of. Dr. Eric.

Knowles he did a book. Called resistance and persuasion and one of the studies he found out about the brain was the brain doesn't care about true or false it cares about plausibility if something is true. But the brain conceives it as implausible the neurology says no. It's not true.

But if something is patently not true. But it could be plausible it'll accept it in hypnotic languaging we have this thing called a cause and effect statement cause and effect statement hacks into that phenomena if you talk to somebody using proper cause and effect language the neurology automatically encodes it and responds to it like it's true and if you really understand it you can make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the mind of the listener even if those things have absolutely nothing in common nothing to do with each other there has to there doesn't have to be any actual connection between those two things at all if you use a cause and effect statement properly the brain just welds them together and it's true would that be useful yeah kind of my language classes. I'll teach all that that all right. Always answers honestly always feels like you make it up this is again how many of you you've all had this experience well something came up and.

I just think. I was just imagining it right. This is where what comes up from the autonomic nervous system meets the neocortex right. Remember the part of you that controls all of your energy.

Fields the part of you that controls your long-term memory that controls your immune system that controls all of your emotions is also the part that makes up of course it's going to feel like you made it up okay. You always have an urge to edit what just came up you've all had that that can't be right. Moment you've had clients who've done that the moment that you have that moment stop realize the. First four and go back to surrendering to the process okay.

Never allowed never linear the reason these icky feelings that. I say are your dominant thoughts aren't because they're weak it's because they're deep they're deep in the tissues they're deep in the autonomic nervous system they're little think of it the best the best metaphor. I've come up with for people to use is you know you guys don't know what an antivirus is right. You know how sometimes when your system's scanning your your computer it comes across a file it can't delete anybody ever hasn't happened what does it do with it quarantines it right.

It takes it and puts a little space on the hard drive where it can't hurt anything. But you don't have the software to get rid of it yet. Then the. Next upgrade comes in and now you can get rid of it you had it.

First how many people have you ever done a liberty detox liver detox all right. So do you know what your body does with toxins it can't metabolize it wraps them in fat and stores them in your body does that sound familiar emotion. I can't metabolize wrap it up put it somewhere in the body toxin. I can't metabolize wrap it put it somewhere in the body as above.

So below one of the coolest things about the neurology is if you start from the autonomic nervous system and work up you can find. God in a consistent reliable repeatable way if you start up here and try to make it work down here you're going to be chasing your tail. So we start with the autonomic nervous system what is the autonomic nervous system actually how does it do all this or not in terms of like chemicals and like that that's what's the what's the code it's using how does it take this energetic phenomena and pull the information out of it and create a process because that's what it's doing all these vibrational fields are like. DVDs that have information encoded in them your autonomic nervous system is uniquely designed to decode and express that information that's why when you look.

At this this little diagram up here. I'm giving you way too much. Theory it kind of looks like an egg-shaped. DVD doesn't it this is my interpretation we're going to unpack this model.

But. I want you to have these six dynamics of an unconscious response now when you take this back to your clients teach this to them. First before you put them in trance sometimes even think about you can test this before you even do any any suggestibility games or whatever teach them the six dynamics of an unconscious response okay. I've totally given up doing any form of hypnosis pre-talk because in my opinion my experience it actually primes the client to be more resistant because your client may have come in with only one or two myths they have.

Then you've got going through the entire laundry list and now all of a sudden all of a sudden you you've actually given them suggestions right. Now notice. I said teach this to them before you put them in trance or do suggestibility tests why because if you try to explain this to them after and they've had any of those experiences they think you're trying to protect your session they think you're trying to save face. But if you teach it to them before they go in the moment they've had those experiences it ratifies the experience in their world and it paints you as the authority and they know what to do.

Next you get it okay. It seems like a big like not a big it's a big deal here's another another uh davidism. I want you to internalize the nervous system of the human body never rejects itself the nervous system of the human body never rejects or resists itself what the human nervous system creates the human nervous system accepts your system is uniquely designed to take energetic frequencies and step them up and step them down okay. You just haven't been able to unpack them until now okay.

So the fastest way to get somebody like notice when that when you all pointed away. Philip reached out and touched the picture there was a color. But. I guarantee her color was different than your color which was different than his that's what's more important because when you study these energy healing systems depending on the culture there's going to be different colors for different things that's made up all systems are generalizations that worked for somebody and if you train long enough with them they'll eventually become yours.

But the most powerful colors sounds smells tastes correspondences you can generate are the ones you come up with that will always have it's the difference between a transplanted kidney and a cloned one which has a higher chance of being accepted damn skippy clone your energy design it create it install it okay. How do we do that point to where you feel it whatever it is you want you point to where you feel it reach out and touch it. So let's all play whatever. I stand up.

I want you to close your eyes. And on a scale of one to ten. I want you to think of something that's saying. I got a shittiness of about sitting this level about one two or three now.

I know half you're going to go for. Godzilla right. I'll explain why that's a bad idea when you're working on yourself when you start doing partner work you can go after. Godzilla.

But when you're willing to train this for yourself start with the little ones and. I'll explain why that is point to where you feel it in your body now if there were a picture floating in the space around you a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch that picture. First impression excellent trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is now let's make sure we've got the right.

One reach up grab that picture with both of your hands without slugging the person. Next to you make it bigger notice what happens to the feelings in your body does it get stronger does it get weaker if it gets weaker when you make the picture bigger just make it smaller it's not it doesn't really matter which one you do it just matters that you know make sense put it back to its original size slowly pull it closer to your body does the feeling get stronger or weaker now one of the things all right. Now put it back excellent now use your imagination. I want you to put a big thick black frame around that picture the bigger and thicker and.

Blacker the better now most of you are probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. I want you to feel along the base of that frame you're going to feel some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television or remote control. I want you to find the contrast knob or the brightness knob turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely and notice how that makes you feel turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide for yourself which one you like better excellent now.

I want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and on that white and outer blacked out screen in glowing golden letters or whatever other color makes you happy. I want you to write the lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what those lessons are and. Bam they put it on the screen like it's nobody's business some people have no.

Conscious idea what those what those lessons are. But the part of you that created this feeling in the. First place it knows. So let it do the writing right.

On that screen everything that this experience had to teach you positive or negative if the bad feeling comes up or a crappy feelings put that on the screen too keep writing all the lessons are retained and everything else has been let go now some people draw squiggles some people draw pictures every now and. Then you get someone who's really reactant they write you you you across the screen every now and. Then some people right. With both hands simultaneously they're writing.

Chinese or. Hebrew at the same time. However your body wants to do it just let it go let it happen as the feelings come up they come out put them on the screen when you know and only when you know they're completely done do this. Next part now my wife when she does this she's she writes.

War and. Peace she writes for 40 minutes at a time the screen will scroll like a tablet. So you have an infinite writing space when you know it's done reach up shrink that picture down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller and notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that frame that small motion lives up over moves up over the top of your head back.

Beyond the. Horizon and it disappears. Beyond the. Horizon completely and you all know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail feel it nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead when you're done testing stop notice how good you feel open your eyes.

Would you notice what happened to it it's gone raise your hand it was gone excellent how many of it just diminished one or two okay. Good you need to write more. So have a seat what you just did was called. Magic.

Frame one of the problems that you're going to have is that you have different layers to each energetic or vibrational container that you store in your body you have the substance itself you have the channels and. Then you have sub distinctions and. Then that all comes together to form the story of what happened as hypnotists we deal with the story. The.

Event content we don't really if you're a neuro-linguistic programmer you start asking okay. Is in color black and white is it moving or still is there sound right. You all know those distinctions right. If you're an energy healer or like a holographic memory resolution practitioner you deal with the just blanking the.

DVD you're gonna learn all three that's how you get fast change work because you integrate all of them okay. So magic. Frameworks by pointing to where you feel it reaching out and touching it this creates a link through your nervous system between the outside of your body the proprioceptive field how many people are familiar with heartmath.org okay. You all know that your heart has a radiates an electromagnetic field that can be measured with instruments up to eight feet in diameter from the body this is science now embedded and impregnated within that field is an emotional information that is picked up either by a person's heart or the hemispheres of their brain those systems synchronize and the information is reproduced in the other person they've done this with dogs they've done this with horses okay.

So when we think about the proprioceptive field that you've just been playing with. I want you to think of that heart system your mirror neurons your proprioceptive awareness right. And you're into receptive. So when.

I say proprioception proprioception is this long drawn out word that just means time and space if such a thing as your. Sixth. Sense actually existed it would be your proprioceptive nervous system. But it wouldn't be your.

Sixth. Sense it would be your sixth seventh eighth ninth tenth and eleventh senses because as far as science can tell there's about seven five to seven different channels of information that your proprioceptive neurology monitors one of which is electromagnetic fields okay. How many notice when you made the picture bigger the feelings got more intense excellent how many of you noticed when you made the picture smaller the feelings got more intense. But this means.

I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh. I hope he doesn't call me. Next all right.

All right. So if how many notice no. Change at all oh okay. Good because.

FD didn't. I was gonna show you how to fix it. But. I'll save that for.

Later. Then all right. So this is called. Magic.

Frame why do we want to do this. First if we look. At the transformational. Triad magic frames at the top why because every time you have an experience your neurology begins to assign meanings and lessons to it your your neurology's primary job is to protect you and it doesn't need your permission to do that how many people here have ever had a client that says you know.

I've been. I've been in three different relationships and they audited now. I just can't seem to get back in the game. I just can't.

I just. I just. I just stopped myself. I just right.

Okay. How many of you have ever had someone. I you know. I.

I've had three businesses they were successful. I lost them and now. I know what to do. I know how to do it.

I know when and. I just can't seem to to get going congratulations you just hit a safety lesson how many people here have ever been worked with somebody that went through a car accident and the. MRI says they're fine the x-rays say they're fine and yet they have limited range of motion congratulations you just hit a safety lesson you see your neurology if the if the event is traumatic enough or it happens too many times your neurologist says wow holy cow my job is to protect this person. But every time they've started a business they've lost it and it almost killed him.

I got. I got to protect him from this how am. I going to do. I know if he never has another business he can never lose it unconscious mind flips a switch he can't he knows what to do he knows when to do he knows who to do he can't get out of the gate safety lesson how do you know if it's a safety lesson well here's the basic idea if you do an intervention on somebody maybe say it's at an eight or nine or ten and it starts there and.

Then you do your intervention and it drops and it reaches a point where it just stops getting better safety lesson if you do an intervention on somebody and it goes away and comes back safely less hit it with the frame the frame is designed to install into your nervous system the understanding that those lessons have been learned and retained the metaphor. I like to use how many people here have ever like made soup you ever try to unmake soup right. You put all the ingredients in and you cook. It and now.

I gotta pick out right. That's almost how it works functionally when your neurology creates a safety lesson around something when you look. At that little oval diagram that's a static representation of something that's in constant motion and different and interacting it's like reaching in and finding the soup and finding the piece of the soup your neurology doesn't have many times a real good way to remove some of that it's frozen it's stuck you understand it's vibrationally it's stuck when you point to where you feel it and reach out and touch it you connect the interception systems of your body to the outer systems of your body because you're using both hands you're now connecting the right. Hemisphere in the left hemisphere you're using your eyes.

Even though your eyes. Are closed a lot of times you're accessing the visual cortex which has the most brain real estate of any part of your body except well. Second only or the only thing that comes close to it is your hands get it. I'm lighting you up like a.

Christmas tree okay. Now we talk about bypassing the critical faculty well when. I'm turning the knob all the way to the right. And all the way to the left and.

I'm evaluating what part of my brain is that it's the critical faculty. I'm not bypassing it. I'm integrating it that's what. Richard bandler used to call.

Superior thinking the ability to examine the structure of a thought and its content and the effect that it's having and make it change. So we're lighting all of you up and everything that you do is vibrational. But it's being interpreted by your system in the form of a metaphor. But your body doesn't know the difference between something you're physically manipulating out here and something like this because as far as it's concerned it's all the same it's energy yes.

Kelly close hold on a. Second. I guess. I need my mic.

Runner now to it and they either can't find it or they're unsure does it matter. First impression pretend you know it always work okay. Because the part of you here's one of the things you understand if you don't have a. Feeling by definition you don't have a problem helpful hint numbness is also a.

Feeling point to where you don't feel it now. First impression the nervous system can't not answer you. I teach my students this isn't something you learn if you kind of look. At any by.

Design or some of the other things the answer is always in the question there's this thing we call it we have called the somatic search engine your neurology is neurologically pathologically driven to answer any question you give it regardless of how badly formed the question is can pass the microphone to say is this making sense check yeah um phase right. Here okay. Some some people come into this world with a very sensitive hyperactive central nervous system absolutely okay. So what do we do for those people oh.

I'm glad you asked. I have. So many things. But it starts with what do you want instead that is one of the most powerful questions you can ask any nervous system ever what do you want instead that brings us to color breathing remember this is important what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts what do you want instead instead is one of the most powerful words you can use with another human being even yourself would you like to know why.

I'll tell you tomorrow we come out of. Trance. Jesus don't make me do the raspberry drill on you guys all right. Why why what's.

So powerful about instead instead allows the nervous system to generate any other possibility. But the original one try to argue with that and notice what happens instead give her the microphone. So is that on okay. Can you hear now okay.

So when you do have these everything is a gift. But also has its disadvantages. So. I guess maybe.

I'm being too specific. But it's like is there a way to establish like. I guess what you're going to do with the color that you can still have some of the advantages. I think.

I'm about to answer your question just hold that for a. Second one of the things you will discover if you haven't already is that whenever you successfully do an intervention on somebody they always spontaneously reframe the experience you ever notice that they can't go back to thinking about that thing the same way anymore now many times that's a spontaneous reframe. But a lot of times our techniques actually go for that true or not true. So when you start to process something with one of these techniques or all of these techniques you'll know you're done when they can't get the feelings back and or they can't think about it the same way anymore the emotional charge is gone and they can't they they have this spontaneous epiphany about it okay.

This is something. I've watched over and over and over again is that when people have their resolution moment they're they're thinking about the whole event changes the memory the story. The energetic charge connected to it is just gone it's flat and all of a sudden they become a lot of times they become grateful for the experience because they learn something. But the lesson the lesson is hidden behind the emotion the emotional charge keeps the neurology from fully processing the data and.

So they can't get to it these are un these are thawing those energetic packets. So the neurology can now access the data and process it you're walking around in a holographic information processing system you are light how many people have been in my face reading class okay. How many people have heard me say that when you unpack a marking on the face the marking goes away. I was like what the did he just say yeah right.

If not. I'm doing a face reading class. Sunday morning coming off you may be able to experience that you are nothing. But refracted light.

So when your vibrational density changes the angle of refraction of those light waves and particles changes and you look. Different. I've seen people literally grow a brow bone in 20 minutes like they come in they live this whole life being downtrod and put down by their family their power has been taken away you resolve all that you get all of a sudden instant. Frank and brow it's crazy.

I didn't. First tell my teacher. Lillian told me that. I was in the back room you heard this because.

I test everything. I don't have time for low percentage technique which is often why. I'm kind of a little bit standoffish with other energy healers because the more energy. Heroes.

I talk to the more. I realize nobody knows what the each other's talking about they don't right. The two cleanest distinct vibrational date vibrational matrixes with two aspects quality and quantity the rose secretions the radius the radiusesologist had it right. You can measure energy by the qualities it represents or the qualities it expresses and the amount of it that's your vibrational qualities and quantities that's all you need to know about energy and it's infinitely programmable and reprogrammable.

But the way it expresses itself is through body feelings. First and. Then all the other other sensory modalities interpret the data and now you have this map of the world that we call reality which is really just a metaphor you don't you don't exist in real time for those of you who want to do the science of the research on that get the book. How emotions are made by.

Dr. Lisa. Feldman. Barrett how emotions are made it's a theory of constructed emotions by.

Dr. Lisa. Feldman. Barrett brilliant book.

Combine that with bezel. Vander calls the body keeps the score and now you've got what we're really doing to ourselves okay. Chinese mapped all this out thousands of years ago. But they use different languaging and a different model to describe it color breathing is where we take a vibrational frequency that is a problem and we asked the nervous system what will fix this what will fix this this take the the engine behind this is called resolution frequency generator that's the name of the technique it's the engine of transformation remember that everything human beings do is in response to a.

Feeling it's a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of. But the layers of your brain can take any feeling and turn it into a color it can take any color turn it into a sound it could take any sound and turn it into a smell or a taste and you can go back. NLP map this out they called it crossover or mapping across and they thought of it as a hallucination no. It's vibrational data okay.

Now why is this important for you traumatologists how many people have read. Basil's book. All right. So you guys remember for those of you who haven't if you're doing trauma work you probably need to really read that in that book.

Dr. Dr vandalcook. Talks about a condition known as alexithymia. Alexa thymia is an inability to name a feeling or a set of feelings here's the rub if your neurology can't name it it can't process it.

So you just turn it into a color and it'll process it like gangbusters different different cortex of the brain the data it's the same vibration same information. But it's expressed differently now what point to where you feel it what's the color. First impression oh it's black oh if you're higher mind your guardian angels. God your autonomic nervous system could send you a.

Feeling a frequency a vibration a color that would completely dissolve the x y z color in your. XYZ part of your body. I'm curious. I'm wondering what color or colors might it send you.

First impression color pops up colors just popped up didn't it in your head your neurology can't not do that now take that color breathe that color through the area where the nasty color is and notice what happens what happened to the feeling is it better or worse what you mean you just cleared and like what how fast was that 20 seconds is it really that easy yeah because everything you're experiencing you created what you created you can change you use a color to dissolve a color now in in my regression skills training there's seven layers to this the nice thing about what we call holonomic regression is a you don't need to cycle them through the trauma a gazillion times they don't need to be classically hypnotizable you can stop halfway through the process have a conversation pick up where you left off and completely resolve it and you can get the same level of resolution that you would from classical regression right. Now this is still this is baby step for us. But how fast was that does it really matter how intense the issue is no. Not really there's.

But we start with the small stuff for training why because your nervous system has a negativity bias your nervous system is designed the book. That you want to research for this is called the power of bad the power of bad and it's by the guy who created willpower to um. Baumeister. Roy baummeister your nervous system one bad thing happens your nervous system assigns a gravity of four to it one good thing happens your nervous system assigns a gravity of one it's a suck ratio.

But it's one you can work with now. I tested this in a very interesting way you guys don't know. I have a. YouTube channel right.

Okay. So you know that when you're on social media and on. YouTube whenever you post something people everybody loves it they never leave a bad comment they never flame you never tell you you're full of if you guys if you were a serious practitioner you only learn stupid vests right. So.

I decided to test this. I said okay. I get lots of on my. Channel all the time.

So let me go read a few. I. I read one negative comment notice where. I felt the bad feeling and.

I've counted how many positive comments did. I have to read before. I started feeling better about three or four say oh now here's the suck part about that besides it's a ratio that you can work with and that's pretty reliable. But for every bad thing that happens you need four good things just to get to zero um.

So we have to train how do we do that well this is how you start you can do this all of these on yourself you can do all these you just did actually think about it right. So resolution frequency generator is a way to take the energetic expression of the memory and the traumatic event turn it into a and it doesn't have to be a color no. If you're somebody who thinks they're. Alex um they're uh uh are fantastic and you can't turn it into a sound turn into a smell my my observation of adventasics is that they actually do see stuff they're just not conscious of it they can't consciously access of it.

But you act you ask anaphantesic to describe stuff and say well watch their hands you ever notice when people talk about their they move their hands. I got this problem if. I could just get past it life would be good figure out where it is and what it is you laugh watch people when you get really strong rapport with people and you see them do this you can literally walk up to the into the proprioceptive grid tickets let's just put this back here and tell me how that feels it just happened it's pretty good right. Why resonance okay.

Color breathing is here's my problem. First level here's my problem what do. I want instead what might that be like what might that be like okay. Okay.

So think of something on a scale of one to three that you want to change close your eyes. Go ahead don't be bashful something you want to change point to where you feel it point where you feel it you're all like. I'm writing stop shut up point where you feel it notice there's a color connected to that feeling just know for yourself what color of colors it is for you and now ask yourself the magic question what do. I want instead what do.

I want instead. First impression once you know what it is you want instead ask yourself what might that be like. I call this your. Steven.

Spielberg moment. I want you to make an alternate reality movie where you have exactly what you want instead and. I want you to make it awesome. I want you to make it big as a drive-in movie theater screen.

Crystal. Clear like an. IMAX. Turn.

Up. The. Sounds the smells the tastes the feelings best experience ever and when it's perfect in every way. I want you to watch it over and over and over again not once not twice.

But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times better a hundred times more powerful a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before until it overwrites and replaces every experience you've ever had before and. Then it just keeps getting better. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body were those amazing feelings start where they grow or they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color colors might that be for you.

First impression whatever they are. I want you to notice as you watch that movie. Step into it and live it. First person over and over and over again.

I'm faster and more deeply you live that movie the faster and stronger those energies begin to grow notice how it begins to grow and expands to fill your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between and. Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger till it becomes. So strong. So powerful begins to radiate radiate radiate from your body like the.

Rays of the. Sun forming a beautiful colored frame around that new reality movie that you've created and when you're ready to own it to personify it to embody it completely. I want you to reach out with both of your hands grab that frame and the reality inside of it lift it up over your head expand it to fill the infinite. Universe pass it through your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes mind body and soul over and over and over again and notice what happens to that nasty colored spot that was in that one part of your body and just keep passing it through until it's completely gone and.

Then keep doing it until every part of your body is vibrating in perfect harmony with this new vibration this new frequency this new energy in reality just keep doing it now you may notice as you pass through this you get a little warm some people break out into sweat some people get tingly some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up. However your body does it that's just your neurology resetting itself keep doing it until it's impossible to go back to the way it was and when you know that's true test it when you realize it's true test it try to go back and try to bring that old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead when you're done just look. Up here what just happened my friend it's different how many like uh right. Uncommon what the hell just happened how many got hot about 50 of the time you're going to get a thermogenic release remember there is no.

Alchemy. Without fire right. What happened to you. Patty oh is that other stuff gone listen now try to bring it back now here's the here's how you test that beside try to bring it back notice what happens.

Instead. This is. I'll explain this a little. Later.

But you're going to get three basic responses when you ask them to try and bring it back they're going to try and bring it back and nothing's going to happen they can't they can't bring the old feeling back they try to bring it back the new feeling gets stronger you tell them to bring it back they look. At you get pissed off and say. I don't want it back you're done you understand okay. Now especially with color breathing like level one color breathing especially there's a couple of other things that can happen um.

Salva let me use you real quick okay. So how many people are familiar with something that's let's not blind you how many people are familiar with this concept of. Russian dollars you know how you take one doll out and all right. When your body encodes a trauma or what.

I call a holographic memory unit a container it places it somewhere in the body. But your body doesn't group things by what by when they happened it groups them by what they have in common this is why when you regress the cause you don't always get to this initial sensitizing event. First you get a couple other things that are similar it stores it in the body like that. So when you find the a problem and you ask them what color it is and you generate the resolution frequency if the if the the areas like right.

Here and it's this big and you wash that area with the frequency a lot of times best case scenario it's gone. But a lot of times they'll go from this big to this big this is called. This is called the. I call it the.

Russian dolphin scenario phenomena it doesn't mean you fail it means there's another issue you cleared the. First one this is a different issue. So you ask them what color this is what color would dissolve it and it'll shrink again and you just keep repeating it until it's completely gone the other phenomena that can happen again notice there's no. Content involved in this at all.

I'm outside the container. I don't need to know a damn thing he's processing which makes it really good for people who have a lot of sexual abuse childhood there's a lot of. Shame and. Trauma perfect for this right.

What can also happen is he's got something here right. And. I wash the area with that color all of a sudden it moves to here different issue disconnected. So.

I washed that color it moves to here. I just keep. I just this is called body mapping okay. This follows more.

I think this columns more the lines of tension and fascia right. But again they swirl your acupuncture. Marines run as in your fascia right. So you just track it through the area and that's using a color to dissolve a color right.

If and you can keep it super. Bare. Bones by saying okay. What color is it what color would dissolve it fill the room with the color wrap it around you breathe that color through the area and you're going to get one of those phenomena okay.

That's how you do it that's color breathing right. Now you notice that like you saw we'll have a seat. I'm going to pick on you a little bit. Later um you notice that magic frame is at the apex of the pyramid most of you are pretty familiar with energy spinning yes.

How many people are not familiar with energy spinning okay. So in energy spinning. I'm opening a bunch of. Loops here.

But. I want to teach you the three techniques because. I want you to spend the. Next hour doing this to each other.

So. I want you to make a list of you want to fix and. Then you get to diagnose and just decide which technique is going to fit the bill better right. This is your emergency.

First aid kit anytime anywhere you can do this at. Starbucks in the line at. Starbucks because. I have right.

You can use it in an elevator. I had one student do this while driving a car at 70 miles an hour down a highway okay. Anytime anywhere this almost destroyed my practice. So because.

I used to charge by the hour and. I could fix in minutes. I had to drastically retool my programs. Anyway.

So the magic frame is at the apex of the pyramid why because if any of those other techniques don't work it hits a certain level and. Then it stops or it goes away and comes back you're going to have to. Magic. Frame.

It. Anyway. So. I want to just start with that now the way you test if it's a magic frame scenario again questions remember.

I keep coming back to questions is it okay. To get rid of this. Second question you got to be watching them is it okay. To get rid of this because they're always going to say yes.

Is there any look. For the congruency of it in other words if they're going is it okay. To get rid of it yes. Then what do you want instead is it okay.

To change it okay. So again if they have a problem getting rid of something because some people think they need to have those crappy memories right. That's why the magic frame is also. So important because the.

Magic. Frame allows them to preserve the part of those crappy memories that they actually wanted and let everything else go because at the current the current program that they have. It's. All or.

Nothing they don't get to choose once you have installed. Magic. Frame they get to choose what to keep and what not to keep and the system's willing to let it go see the system the system thinks you're going to make the same dumb massive mistake again that you've made three times in the past it's not going to let it go because it's gonna get it has to keep you safe does that make sense. But the moment you extract it it'll it'll let the rest go you'll feel the energy just leave the body 50 of the time or better you'll break out in a sweat you'll get hot all over it's normal okay.

But because these other two if there's a safety lesson attached you just preserve that right. Away and a good chunk of the time all you need to do is. Magic. Frame it once and it's gone you don't have to do anything else.

But even if you don't get rid of it a hundred percent you nuke it with the rest of them. So you start here and. Then you can go and you choose you go into energy spinning or color breathing do you need to. Magic.

Frame it again you can you just it's like. Legos you understand and you just psych you just link the chain. However you need to with these three techniques now to do energy spinning it's really simple you close your eyes. You point to where you feel it ah come on up yourself.

But we'll just do one real quick you got something you want to get rid of okay. Skill is zero to scale of one to ten how big is it. I'm excited all right. Is it okay.

Get rid of it any reason why you might want to keep it excellent. I want you to go ahead and point before you feel that. First impression that's right. So.

I would like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to this feeling what color of colors would it be for you. First black. I want you to notice. I want you to reach and grab all that black energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes that hides you got it all right.

Let's find more all there excellent as you look. At this color savvo did their color change or stay the same. First impression same notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning excellent. I want you to grab it with both of your hands and.

I want you to play with the direction it's spinning until you find the exact speed and direction that gives you the exact feeling you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have and. Then when you find that space. I want you to spin it like a wheel and double the spin double the speed. I'm.

Still. Still training there you go got it now double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot foreign notice the change notice it's gone notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your neurology any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software. So although there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know he's sweating like bullets when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead many times this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into our system people go through all kinds of interesting.

Transformations and. Sensations some people break out in a sweat like you're doing now some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up. However you do it that's exactly what's supposed to happen it's just your neurology resetting itself there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just noticed the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off notice what happens instead what do you notice brother it's why is that a good thing it's gone scale it okay.

When you're ready open your eyes. Notice how different you feel that's a happy camper all right. Of of all the different of these three this is the most dinette fun to watch because you'll see the best part is you don't have to believe any of this nothing. I showed you today requires you to believe it you just gotta do it right.

If you can use your body use your imagination point to where you feel it. Go and trust those six dynamics of an unconscious response all of these techniques will work notice. I did not say believe it. I had put.

I had a person in. L.A you all you've all had these people like like you're kind of you wanted to do something. But they don't really want to do it. So they just kind of pretend to go through the motions it's like point to where you feel it what color is it.

I don't know well look. Uh it's green you know these people right. I had a guy up in alley did exactly that. I had it like it was like pulling teeth to get him to point to it make it a color pull it out and.

Then. I said okay. Now notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction just finish like. I don't know.

I like this okay. Great make it the opposite of what it was a what just grab it and make it the opposite of what it was now now spin at the opposite he said what. I said spin it the opposite way now here's why we get the body involved if the body's engaged in the process it doesn't matter what the neocortex believes it's just a matter of time. So about 35 45 seconds into him doing this he slams it in.

I grab. I just like. I slam my hands over his. I add my energy to his he just he just wriggles like a fish on a hook.

For like 40 seconds his eyes. Are rolling sweats pouring out of him he's and. I just hold that space for him and after about a minute or. So.

I put my hands on he goes what the just happened because he wasn't there to learn therapy he was there to learn how to pick up chicks yes. Yeah they'll. Shake you'll watch the eyes. Private yeah yeah one of the things you'll notice is the body will start to do all kinds of crazy you gotta let them know that's that's what's supposed to happen because the body's gonna vent it in whatever way is normal some people.

I had one lady. I was doing a gray room demo she she was 20 minutes after she was out she was still shaking and she goes what's going on. I said it's just your body venting and we're talking all of a sudden it stopped and she's like oh you're magic no. It's you right.

So energy spinning uh someone passed my phone and. Kelly. So. I know we're talking about feelings and events.

But. I'm. I'm wondering if if some and you're treating or you're working with them for. IBS and you just magic frame or yeah there's a there's a very yeah always.

Magic. Frame because the. IBS is a chronic condition chronic conditions always have a reason they always have a reason and you've got to vent that emotion. So if you ask the right.

Question you can gen you can put it you can either completely eliminate it or put a huge dent in it right. Yeah your intestines are one of the most emotional the one of the biggest receptacles of emotion and. So that's why a lot of massage therapists won't work on your abdomen because they know they start pressing on your tummy you're going to freak out right. Emotions are coming out right.

Um. But yeah. IBS it'll work it'll it'll either you'll either get to do a to do chronic and terminal stuff because. I've done it you actually have to ask a slightly different question.

So in. Chinese medicine we have this phenomenon known as a root and branch okay. Acute pain symptoms symptomology they're all branches there's a reason the tumors there and there's a feeling connected to that reason where in your body does the feeling connected to that reason live where is it stored okay. I'll give you.

I'll. I'll tell you. I'll just tell you how. I discovered this.

I was at a training in 2013. I was an. NLP certification at. Dr.

Richard bandler's place in. Orlando. I was on uh. I was on break and my good friend.

James. C2 had been telling people about my experiences in. China where. I discovered how to use this on cancer uh and he was he told this one guy named.

Gustavo and. I'm just sitting there it's a 15 minute intermission okay. Let's understand. I'm in the lobby of like if.

I was standing outside of this room waiting to get back in this gentleman comes up and he goes hello are you. Dr. David well. I wasn't doctor are you.

David. I go yes. My name is. Gustavo.

James. C2 says you can't cure my cancer. James. C2 says what.

James. C2 says you can cure my cancer you gotta remember up until. I'm a regression therapist. I work with cancer.

But it doesn't take. I got 15 minutes. So. I'm like and.

I got another download. I said point to where you feel it he goes it was prostate cancer. I said that's not the problem he goes what. I said that's not the problem there's a reason that tumor is there and there's a.

Feeling connected to that reason where in your body does that feeling connected to that reason live he points at his heart. I said close your eyes. And look. At it notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color.

First impression because it's red. I go excellent reach in grab all that red energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes it hides about 90 of the time they find more okay. He pulls it out and go as you look. At it did the color change or stay the same.

First impression he goes it's the same. I go excellent notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning he goes it's going this way. I said grab it and make it the opposite of what it was now double the spin double the speed double the. I'm doing it right.

Along with them we're dancing in the middle of this freaking. Lobby right. Keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back to the way it was key phrase when you know it's impossible for it to go back to the way it was slam it back into that spot he spends it he spins and he spins and he slams it into that spot and as soon as he slams it. I just like he saw me do with stavo.

I slam my hands over his he goes because. I'm adding my energy to his. I'll explain some of that in a minute and. I swiped his conception vessel and his governing vessel his gallbladder meridians and his triple warmer meridians and.

I came back and. I added more energy to the system do you need to do that no. It's just something that was part of the download and. I hold him there for like 45 50 45 seconds to a minute he breaks out this massive sweat he turns beat red and his entire personality changed he lost his anger he lost his anger he goes oh and.

I'm like bye because my my my seminar was starting. I. I. I.

I got to know him a little bit better. But. I didn't think much of anything and. Then about three or four weeks after.

I got home you guys remember back in the early 2000s there was this little teacup. Pomeranian named. Bo who's like the world's cutest dog or whatever right. I get this package in the amounts this little stuffed bow and there's a letter and it's from it's from.

Costa. Rica. Gus lived in. Costa.

Rica and he's thanking me for what. I did with him in uh in. Orlando and there's all these numbers this is before. I got my doctorate all these numbers.

I didn't understand what the numbers were and. So. I called my student. Zach whose mother was a critical care nurse and.

I said what are these numbers in here he goes oh they're tumor markers his tumor is shrunk by 50 percent can someone pass the microphone. So um you said that. IBS our kids it has always the reason um isn't it that that isn't it like that everything has its reasons like. So why did you know here's here's how.

I look. At disease disease is a metaphor it's a communication it's your autonomic nervous system's way of communicating in. So in a way that's going to get your attention because it doesn't have words. But what happens is when certain emotions gravitate to certain organ systems or.

Meridian systems when that system can't handle the emotions it's it's shunted off to its young organ. So for example if. I've got a lot of grief and betrayal and. Trust um and loss and my lungs are weak my my large intestine will volunteer to hold that energy because it's the paired organ and.

So the energy that's why you'll get gas or or you know constipation or bloating they call it cheese stagnate it's all just energetic stagnation it's really what it is um and if you think about it as stagnation it gets really easy to fix. But the minute you attach a story to it like somebody's diagnosed with cancer the. First thing they do is go on the internet and read up everything there isn't on cancer you just make that tougher to get rid of because you've added a story to it all magic works because we take an energetic unit and attach a story and a geometry to it it's it's actually quite cool and makes things a lot understandable. So if you think about it for a moment if you the.

Chinese. Medical. Systems they say that your cells are composed of five basic things heat light. Sound electricity and magnetism heat light.

Sound electricity magnetism if you go to a chiropractor what are they going to treat you with heat light energy you go to a do what are they going to treat you with heat light energy sound right. So they train you how to do what these machines do if you come to vibration. I'll just one. Second if you come to vibrational healing.

I'll show you how to do sound and vibrate your own organs it's pretty cool and. Then you learn how to project that out of you and vibrate other people's organs it's really cool. But um all right. Go back to your question when we were doing the exercise there was this.

Terror that it will never come back for example actually the word. I use this is important when you realize it's impossible to come back test it now once again the most powerful language patterns pattern that exists in human beings is the awareness verb category the awareness verb category and here's one of the things it can do the awareness language pattern category allows you to set up automated processes in the minds of the subject in other words if. I say realize the truth of what. I'm saying your entire focus of attention goes on finding what's true in my statement to the exclusion of everything else right.

It you can't and even if you know. I'm doing it you can't stop it and. I don't have to use negations or fancy languaging it's just a byproduct of how this particular set of patterns interacts with your neurology. So when.

I use it when you get the videos by the way those of you who scan that. QR code not only am. I going to give you the notes for this. I'm also going to give you the video.

But you gotta. I'm only gonna send it out to the people in the autoresponder. So if you haven't scanned your. QR code please do.

So and enter your name and stuff. I may give you some other freebies too um not not. So much because honestly you don't need them if you just get the basic steps point to where you feel it notice the color reach in grab it take it out spin it the opposite direction it'll work you can do it completely you can just mimic you and it'll work. So the secret to this is.

I'll be right. With you. I've got her and. Then her and.

Then her it's all right. You know go ahead. I just wanted to ask because. I couldn't like do that.

I couldn't realize that like okay. What happened is you probably tried to. Short. Circuit the process you'd probably just take longer the.

C the reason that this works aside from the linguistic power of it is it. Taps into another neurological phenomenon that. NLP discovered called a convincer strategy there is a certain number of repetitions that your brain and your autonomic nervous system have to go through a process before it installs and is accepted each of you will do it you'll have a different number of repetitions that that has to happen now if. I were teaching you to be a neuro-linguistic programmer we would have a 45-minute elicitation process.

So. I could elicit all the parts of your brain that you're using and how many times. But. I'm a hypnotist.

So. I can cheat. I like all. I have to say is keep doing it until it's impossible to go back to the way it was and when you realize it's true test it and you'll cycle as many times as you need to.

But what happens a lot of times especially in a group like this some people process faster some people process slower and they see other people getting done and all of a sudden they feel pressured to rush through the experience and that and they cut they cut the process short. So. I understand that if if you felt that way. I get it we're in a group and.

I have to keep the group moving. But like for a lot some of this stuff. I take forever whereas my students are they're over and done right. So um okay.

That's four. I'm gonna start charging the sixth one and this the sixth point and the time is unlinear can you say. I'm not sure. But either your mic is not on or never allowed never linear.

I can. But if. I do that we won't get to the actual practice part okay. The six dynamics of the unconsciousness for those of you came late the unconscious mind always answers.

First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up never loud never linear what does never linear mean you all if anybody's ever done regression go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is a source to be getting the root cause of. XYZ problem they came in for something that happened when they're 35 all of a sudden they're five years old watching their parents argue over money and the. First thing they go is that can't be right.

That's what it means many times where the client expects they're gonna go is dramatically different than where they end up okay. That's all it means the icky feelings the. Naggy feelings are the ones that are they're not weak they're deep and those are the things you need to clear. First on the same note how many people have ever come across a client where it comes in with a problem that you know you can fix.

But they have this. Terror that it won't work and they bring that they keep bringing that back right. In case it wasn't obvious the fear is the worst of the two problems if you try to take care of the presenting problem and. Then take care of the fear they'll bring it back.

So you nuke the fear. First. So if they've been to 37 therapists and failed every time they're coming in thinking that it's not going to work. So you don't you don't approach the main problem head on because that's not really the main problem the main problem is their fear fear is a negative you'll learn about this tomorrow fear is a negative manifestation phenomena okay.

If they're coming in. Jerry kind used to talk about the four possible attitudes for a hypnosis client to have anybody here family. Cherry besides me oh man you should go to omnihypnosis and buy everything. Jerry kind did right.

He's just four there's four possible attitudes a client can take in a hypnosis session. I love these suggestions. I know they're going to work that's the one we want. But there's three others that can completely shoot your your session to.

First one is. I hate those suggestions they're not gonna work right. If they hate what you're saying yeah you probably got the wrong patient right. Um.

I don't hate those suggestions. I don't love them maybe they'll work. I guess they'll work remember if you're unconscious mind isn't emotionally invested in the suggestion it's not going to work it's not going to act on the suggestion the only way to get around that is massive massive mind-numbing repetition right. Because the unconscious mind perceives effort through emotion and through repetition the.

Third one is the one that shoots more well-meaning therapists in the foot because it sounds. So much like the. First one. I love those suggestions.

I hope they work remember hope is the bastard son of try all right. We all know trying is lying. But think about the think about the. Dynamics of the word hope in your mind don't we use the word hope when all the odds are against us everything is pointing to the fact that it's not good something's not going to happen.

But there's a tiny chance it might right. Well remember your unconscious mind is lazy it sorts for what's familiar right. If you give if it's 20 years of doing this and a minute and a half of doing this it's going to do that and that's what hope does right. So eliminate.

Hope from your in this in the context of. Therapeutics eliminate hope because the the conversational dynamics of it sends your. Mar your your person's mind in a different direction now trust me there's. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna give you the theory behind all this. But. I want you to have an experience. First.

So you realize you don't need it you understand what. I'm saying because once you've had an experience now this gentleman has all kinds of experiences anybody else use this stuff clinically on the field. I know she has right. I know this gentleman has did you have you used it before.

Thomas yeah spinning yeah spinning is where everybody starts. But now you add these two and now you have anything that comes up you can fix. I know that sounds like a big claim don't believe me go do it you have 660 plus people out humans in their natural habitat all looking to feel good. So you have two ways you can do that you can take away their or find something that makes them feel good and make it even stronger because isn't that the.

First thing. I did with you see when you you can amp again it's all frequency it's all vibration. But it's all coded you have the editing deck. So you can turn anything you want into anything you want.

It's just sometimes we have somebody to guide us through a process. So we don't have to get in our own way do we need a potty break feel it do you laugh this works yes. So good um this is really great. I've been a regression therapist.

So when you do the work where he released the anger because anger. I bleed off the anger before you can ever do anything else right. So that was pretty impressive what do you do with forgiveness um forgiveness work that's really that's a great question here's what's weird you know in in if you're trained in regression or pretty much any other form they tell you that that forgiveness is like the the cure-all [Music] [Laughter] it's true enough to be true problem is most people don't understand what forgiveness really is. Right.

We've all had this experience especially if you're a regression therapist you regress to cause and the. First thing that pops out of their head is. But. I forgave them for that now you didn't speak in the word doesn't make it true forgiveness is a.

Feeling. But here's the problem also many people can't get to forgiveness until they've gotten to acceptance they're bleeding off they're in denial this is where most of your cancers come from they take an emotional energy and they stuff it and pretend like it didn't happen and it creates a massive energetic emotional shell that just gets stronger until it actually becomes what we call cheese stagnation. G stagnation becomes blood stagnation and now you have a tumor if you go to a medical. Qigong practitioner they're going to give you special exercises that are going to break you in other words they're going to give you exercises that build up the energy in that area until you have an emotional abreaction it might take weeks and.

Then they'll start treating you because now the armor is gone and they can go in and clean out the stagnation because before they couldn't get to it you can't process what's inside the shell we have an advantage because we can do it in two minutes point to where you feel it now make it stronger and stronger all the way back to the very. First scene situation or event and we just and now we can process it right. This is what makes you better energy workers than most. Qigong people right.

I promise. I will give you a break energetically the map of the human body you have a soul that's who you truly are okay. Understand that and you're just a light you're not a male you're not a female you're both you're light to exist in this realm the soul creates a template this is called your spirit body in. Chinese they call it the.

Gen the realm of the. Shen is emotion thought and intention sound familiar the. Shen pulls in denser elements to create an energy body that's what. Qigong people deal with.

Qigong means energy skill that forms a a denser set of elements we call the physical body that's the map the only disciplines. I have encountered all of your is in your mental body the source of all your stuff is in your mental or spiritual body your. Shen body that's why you can go to a chronic healer or you can go to a. Reiki person or you can go to um even.

DNA. Theta healing to a certain degree and they'll go in and they'll clean it out and. Later it's back why because you cleared the energy not the generator it's just like you got the wrench you just got another. Branch.

But you didn't get the root you guys with this model you go right. To the. Shen body you go right. To the spirit of this and sometimes every once in a while you go right.

To the soul how many people here have ever heard of phenomenon in hypnosis known as the hidden. Observer the hidden. Observer every now and. Then during a deep trance process this other part of a person will come out and it speaks different and it's calm and if you ask who it is.

I just observe say hello to the soul because that's what it does when it creates the body it's it knows everything it's not it's the. Divine part of you it's not bound by time and space it sees everything it understands everything it's affected by none of it okay. But it needs a vehicle to exist here and that's the. Shen body which is the blueprint which pulls in the energy which creates your physical form when you have an emotional experience it's filed up here it creates energy to manifest.

Then it comes out the physical body you guys leap right. To the top of the deck when you clear something a psycho-emotional issue you dissolve the thing generating the energy and 99 of the time especially with these techniques the symptoms go away and they go away fast why energy body. Spirit bought it's not an illusion it's not hallucination yeah we all heard the astral plane right. Do you ever look.

At the descriptions of the astral plane sounds an awful lot like an imagination right. When people gesture [Music] they're using their physical hands their energetic hands and their spiritual hands to access filing cabinets of information that are in your mental body does it make sense. So when you point to where you feel it and you reach out and touch it not only are all the division if you don't even have to think of this as a spiritual thing you don't have to think of it as an energy thing you can think of it as a neurological thing and it'll still work that's the beauty of it because no. Matter what disciplines you're pulling from whether you're a martial artist an energy worker a hypnotist a medical practitioner an.

MMA fighter everything human beings do intersects at the autonomic nervous system. Therefore all the things subjective and objective that we process must be encoded in a substance and a language the neurology can understand and when you give your neurology the right. Instructions it can do almost anything you ask. I haven't found many things that can't it can't do yet.

I'm still exploring and now. I give it to you go out into the world and play with this point to where you feel it reach out and touch it create the connections work with the system and find out how you do it. But think of these things you can think of these things as purely hallucinations like old school. NLP did or you can think of them as fields of vibrational energy being expressed to you in the form of a metaphor and because you can manipulate the metaphor you can manipulate the energy and the information in it right.

Your neurology cannot create a vibrational metaphor that expresses one thing without automatically creating the potential for its opposite remember when. I was talking about. Gus. I said take it out notice what direction it's moving all.

I did was make him up. I made him just change it to the opposite neurology says oh. I can do that how you amplify it until it can't go back and. Then you put the program back in the computer 99.99 of the system the program was identical assistant oh.

I can do that why because he created it is it really that well you find out for yourself when you come back from your break. I want you to get into groups of three. I want you to write down three to five things that you want to change and you're going to guide each other through these processes you pick your favorite one you pick the one that comes easiest you start with that the secret to learning none of this is to try to learn all of it. So take a training tip from.

Bruce. Lee start with what you're good at and make it even better make your strengths. Unstoppable and your weaknesses are relevant right. Start with you're always you're all going to have one that's that you like that's your favorite start with that and.

Then add the others uh there was one more this lady had a question where's her microphone you thought. I forgot you no. I never forget okay. So my question is about the energy spinning uh.

First question is you can use that for uh medical stuff right. Oh yeah. Dr. Bill here.

Dr anapol he's a critical he uses this on anything that comes into critical carrying because it's faster than drugs okay. That's what. I thought okay. So um with that one you know how at the end when you you like put your hand around on him and use your energy and not well how do you do that on how do you do that online because.

I'm strictly oh. I do it all the time it's really here's what. I do all right. This is kind of weird.

But. I'm working with some online and. I'm doing the spin with them. So even though their eyes.

Are closed because its energy is a non-local phenomena and. I have a report connection. I'm actually influencing them if you watch me when. I'm working with.

Savo or what. I'm doing. I have a lot of demos of this on. YouTube.

Every time. I bring someone up. I'm doing it right. With them because.

I'm in rapport with this person their mirror neurons are picking up what. I'm doing. I'm amplifying the energy in my body and. I'm spinning it in the same direction.

So. I'm actually adding more energy to their system and. Then when they go to slam it in. I.

I slammed my hands over them and because the unconscious mind and the neurology is not expecting that strong adult the. First thing that happens is holy something really did happen well it's almost like an incident a shock induction right. And any and. Then you'll just seem to start to process when.

I'm doing this on. Zoom. I can either just guide them through the process like. I'm standing.

Next to them. But what. I'll do sometimes is if. I can especially if.

I can get around the monitor as they slam it in. I will actually do this and the monitor now represents them and. I'll hold that space right. All these work wonderfully through.

Zoom and that's what's cool you can deal with some pretty heinous you don't have to be in the room right. I mean. I had. I don't.

I keep telling. I'm gonna keep telling stories if. I don't you guys are gonna like float home all right. So it is uh 419. let's take uh is let's do 10 minutes because.

I want to get us back and. I want to get us practicing.
