Title: pfi2mfpMoI0.txt
Video Id: pfi2mfpMoI0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfi2mfpMoI0

On your marks get set wait for it wait for it. I'll post there boom welcome welcome welcome this is done hold on a. Second wait a minute this is. Dr.

David. Snyder welcome to secrets of human influence how to make people to like love and trust you before pillars if irresistible you would influence charismatic communication on command how to win arguments and overcome objections oh. So easily in fact when you start to incorporate these techniques you may be surprised that you don't have arguments anymore because you know exactly what to say and the way to say it to get people to want to do what you want them to do in the shortest amount of time possible. I'm.

Dr. David. I want to thank you all for your enthusiasm for showing up today uh let me just take a moment to make sure that. I've gotten all of my uh my resources kind of lined out.

So nothing's overlapping or what have you. So real quick before we get into the the administrative stuff um quick question how many of you are joining us for the. First time if you're joining us for the. First time type me and chat your name and where you're checking in from go ahead and type that into chat because.

I want to know you not in the biblical way of course. But. I do want to know you right. Um.

So. DRM says hi. David. I want to be good at gnosis what is the easiest way to hypnotize someone instantly have them pretend hello from.

UK all right. Cool now if you're a veteran of. Planet. David.

I want you to type your name how long you've been bebopping around. Planet. David and uh what do you love best about what we do here. I mean if you've been around because.

I'm going to put you guys to work in just a few minutes very shortly you're going to be part of the webinar experience. First of all before we get um watching. YouTube's butter product about two years ago awesome. Miriam been with you for about a year cool right.

Jack since 2014. we got some veterans in the house yo thank you thank you this is actually a custom job now why am. I asking obviously it's obvious why. I'm asking about all the new people the new people you don't know. David from.

Adam right. You're going to have questions and that's cool because. I love questions if you've watched any of my early videos a lot of people used to get frustrated because. I would actually take the time to answer their questions even if the question took.

Us way off topic. I've learned a lot in those years and. So. I've learned a little bit better about how to manage questions.

So before. I go into my other disclaimers let me just um well let me let me just kind of break this up a little bit. First of all before we go any further if you're brand new to. Planet.

David if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of the. Next two to three hours right.

My intention is never to offend anyone. But. I do have a lot of provocational tactic in my presentation style and the reason for that is as my students find out very very quickly you don't know you have a problem until it gets provoked right. So if something.

I say gives you a strong emotional response maybe out of proportion to the comment being made that's something you should. Mark down notate where in your body you feel it and. Then go to our. YouTube channel find videos on the transformational.

Triad the color breathing the. Magic. Frame and the energy spinning and get rid of that once and for all okay. The secrets of human influence covers a massive massive range of technique and information.

So. I am my promise to you in the time that we have together if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the field of influencing humans we've got time for this much. So my commitment my promise to you and the time that we have is. I will take you as far down that rabbit hole as.

I can. I will give you the most actionable skills available easy fast user-friendly stuff that you can start applying immediately to start getting more yeses and agreeance and compliance to the things you want in life if you're tired of hearing no. This is a great place to start okay. But.

I warn you with great power come the great responsibility the best part besides not having to believe any of this stuff is that it is the absolute most honest ethical and desirable way for one commute human being to communicate with another human being it's really really cool um. I built the entire system around never having to lie cheat to see manipulate in an unethical way anyone these techniques are powerful and they have the capacity to be misused the best part about that adult is as you learn these techniques you become aware of what they feel like what they look. And. So people try to use them on you you actually now have a greater degree of ability to protect yourself from unwanted unethical influence is that a useful is that a useful skill to have to be able to detect when influence is being used on you and have greater degrees of choice is that something you might want more of cool excellent.

So like. I said this is the scope of everything we've got time for this. I will take you as far down this rabbit hole that. I can and.

I will point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step to level up your skills even more powerfully is that a fair trade just type in the chat if you think that's fair excellent okay. Very cool let's. Circle back to the to the whole question answer thing.

I say. I gave this answer a little bit in my my pre-game warm-up. So to speak. But let me just reiterate it again it's natural for you to have questions.

I love questions. I. I really do. I believe that the better the question the better the training unfortunately when you're doing a webinar class like this there's a structure that you kind of have to keep to our structure is known as a free form webinar what that means is it comes in three parts the.

First part is foundations right. The. Second part is upgrading your skills getting the the ability the support that you need to keep going the. Third part is customization part three between part one and part two.

I'm going to give you a set of programs that we've put together that create a very synergistic way to level up your skills from the comfort of your own home that's going to happen at about the 60 to uh 65 minute. Mark give or take once that's done we're going to circle back around to what we call the customization phase and what does that mean part one is all about foundations simple easy understandable principles for the how the human nervous system perceives influence how it responds to influence and how to get inside of people's hearts and. Minds in the most pleasurable way possible right. In seconds literally in many cases right.

Part three is about how we take those foundations and we've customized them to the applications that you most want to learn about. So if you want to learn about baby we'll talk about that if you want to learn about sales and marketing we'll talk about that if you want to learn about how to overcome resistance to the persuasion that you're giving we'll talk about that right. If you want to learn how to make people like love and. Trust.

You bordering on love in as little as 20 minutes we can talk about that it will be your choice what direction our webinar goes from there because this is all about you right. This is your class this is your webinar yeah. I have a format. But there's enough flexibility in the format to make sure that the you know again.

I have to go with majority rules. But to customize these things to what you want the best part is is the vast majority of the processes regardless of the application you choose are the same. So it's like the. Swiss army knife of human influence and persuasion does that sound like a plan does that sound like something you'd like you might want to do okay.

So for those of you who are. I'm going to go to my my. PowerPoint in just a. Second here.

But for those of you who are not familiar with. David you may be asking the question well who the heck is. Dr. David and why should.

I care. First and foremost. I am an actual doctor of uh. Chinese acupuncture and.

Oriental medicine. I've been a practicing clinician since 2005. um my. I run a clinic with my wife and. So on a beach where our specialty has been treat my my specialty at least has been shooting physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion right.

Most classically trained hypnotists and neuro linguistic programmers they deal with behavioral issues or they deal with weight loss or smoke cessation something along those lines my practice has never focused on those things. I've done one or two here and there. But the vast majority of the practice that. I've dealt with has been treating illness chronic and terminal disease cancer.

Parkinson's multiple sclerosis scoliosis uh asthma. COPD um what other neuropathies you know it's very deep very complex physiological phenomena that is rooted in repressed emotion and as you get deeper and deeper and deeper into the psychosomatics of the human system you find out that pretty much every chronic issue has an emotional component that is either making it worse or keeping it from resolving and. So that work over the over those 15 years gave me tremendous insight into how human beings actually create their body and their lifestyle we took. That and we applied it to the other fields of study and what other fields of study you may be asking or that well.

First and foremost. I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything ranging from how to be a better therapist to how to attract the love of your life how to close sales how to write better more persuasive sales copy how to overcome objections when arguments have changed belief in seconds through normal conversation. I've been. I've been an adamant student of body language face reading graphical analysis and integrating these into very powerful user-friendly systems that allow people to influence to create the most influence on any human being they choose in the shortest amount of time possible.

So much. So that in 2020. I was named the number one. NLP trainer of the.

Year by global gurus.org. I've been in the top two. NLP trainer slots in global guru's rankings for the. Last five years maybe a little longer.

I don't keep track of it all that much. So. I've been doing this a long time uh. I consider myself a human influence technician or technologist and.

So everything. I do is about getting people to make a change to do something that. I want them to do or that they want to do for themselves what you're seeing here is a letter from globalgurus.org and it says. Dr.

David it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for. NLP and. NLP stands for neuro-linguistic programming this letter is from 2020. I also received one uh for 2022 as well.

So literally for the. Last two three years the program from which the techniques in this webinar are drawn killer influence has been the number one ranked persuasion and influence. NLP training system in the world. So what you're getting is world-class stuff it has stood the test of time there is no.

Theoretical fluff in this webinar everything that. I'm going to share with you everything. I'm going to teach you has been proven hundreds and thousands of times not just by me. But by my students and people who watch our.

YouTube channels all over the world you're going to get the world-class stuff the stuff that you can take right. Out into the world and start using immediately. So this is a copy of the global gurus page and you can see here. NLP power and killer influence was ranked the number one amongst all these different programs.

So. I'm really proud of that and. I just wanted to share that with you. So you know that.

I'm only giving you the best stuff okay. I'm also a lifelong martial artist. I hold the 10th degree black belt in. Okinawan karate.

I have a 4-3 black belt in. Okinawan kuntao a secondary black belt and kosho. Kenpo through karate as well as the. First three black belt in fonkuru uh.

Jiu. Jitsu. I'm a certified instructor in combat. Systema.

Cinco mono. Escrima modern. Arnis and. I have more energy healing credentials than.

McDonald's sells hamburgers. I've been a. Reiki master since before. Reiki was cool uh.

I've been. I'm become a lifelong student of the. Kabbalah. I studied with studying.

Kabbalah before. Madonna ever even heard of. Kabbalah. So.

I'm very much a prima donna. But be that as it may. I'm an advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist. Advanced.

DNA. Theta healer. I'm certified in the. Bankston healing system and.

I have studied many many different forms of medical. Qigong in fact. I'm actually doing a. Second doctorate now in.

Chinese. Qigong medicine energetic medicine under. Dr. Jerry.

Allen. Johnson. So. I will doctor of.

Qigong as well. So. So when people see this list they're like he's the world's biggest bragger he's full of or he's trying to compensate for something. I'll let you figure out exactly where uh where where the truth lies.

But people may be asking when they see this laundry list okay. Why why why why is this important why is this relevant well the. First thing is because of what these things have in common and that. First thing is pattern recognition you see everything human beings do from the way they move to the way they talk to the way they think to the way they create every subjective experience they have and let me let me jump out of my.

PowerPoint really quick just to talk about this every subjective experience that a human being has that they create every thought every memory every. Daydream every desire every fear has a structure that structure equals a pattern and once you understand what that structure is and how to recognize it influencing human beings yourself or others becomes amazingly simple amazingly simple it's almost it's. So simple it's almost unfair. But it's not in that when you do this right.

You never have to worry about lying cheating or being deceptive because it's never needed just never you never need to resort to those kinds of things. But human beings everything human beings do has a structure to it and that structure that process generates a body feeling that body feeling is what causes people to move towards or away from things. So the. First rule.

I want you to get and if you haven't started writing things down yet this is probably the. First thing that you want to write down everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. Does that make sense okay. So when people ask what do all these these things pattern recognition what does that have to do with human influence pretty much everything because once you can perceive the structure you know exactly what they're going to do.

Next or have a really good idea of what they're going to do. Next and you know exactly what point in their process to inject a change or inject information that causes them to to um from their own volition from their own idea do what you want them to do right. So let's talk about is this the right. Place for you.

So we talked about a few things. But let's let's kind of go a little further. I'm going to go ahead and. I'm just going to ramble off some things and if any of these things applies to you just type that's me in the chat room or.

I want that in the chat room. So by a show of active uh participation in the chat room how many of you would like to become super attractive to the opposite sex make them find you charming fascinating irresistible go ahead and type that in the chat if you'd like to stop being afraid if you'd like to banish fear and insecurity from your life radiate confidence and assertiveness and if you like the word. Alpha maybe truly radiate that power to be truly. Alpha if that's something you want in your life type it in the chat right.

If you'd like to make more money at your job book. More clients help your help your clients be more successful if you're a coach or a therapist or a hypnotist or even a massage therapist for that matter if you'd like more type that in the chat right. If you're if you work for somebody else. But you're always getting passed over for promotions or job or pay raises and you'd like to have the master keys to getting any job you want getting any promotion you want in the shortest amount of time possible type that in the chat if you would like to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people get them to want to do the things you want them to do type that in the chat if you think that's relevant to you if you'd like to program yourself for massive.

Financial abundance with more than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some type that in the chat because with the things. I'm going to share with you in tonight's webinar all of that and more is possible okay. If you'd like to cause people to like and admire you trusting me and love you type it in the chat right.

Um if you'd like to inspire your employees lead your teams better get your children or your spouse to actually do what you want them to do when you want them to do it type that in the chat if you'd like to be able to speed read people and know in just a short amount of time if they're high quality friend material they're people that you're going to be able to like and love and trust yourself okay. Because if you really understand the things. I'm going to share with you those things and more are possible for you see people are saying their sound is too low. I'm going to turn up my microphone just in case does this make it better or worse type that in the chat does this make it better or worse better okay.

All right. Somehow my it looks like my my gain on my microphone got turned down way better excellent all right. So does that sound like something that you'd like to do something you'd like to play with all right. So let me go back to my.

PowerPoint for just a minute. I don't like. PowerPoints by by trade. I actually use one note more than.

I use. PowerPoint because. I feel that. I get a better connection with you and you get the competitive connection with me when you can actually see my face.

So. I will use the. PowerPoint from time to time for emphasis. But.

I would much prefer to just look. At you face to face if that's okay. Is that is that better for you guys what do you think talk to me oh yeah okay. Perfect excellent all right.

So here's my personal promise to you if you stay until the end of tonight's webinar. I am going to teach you the fastest most powerful most ethical way to influence anyone you to like love and trust you and often obey you in the shortest amount of time possible. I'm going to teach you how to do it ethically and honest in the way that they actually thank you for doing it would that be cool right. I'm gonna show you how to have people hanging on your every word it is such a ridiculously easy thing to do one of the things that will happen when you when you apply this this secret is that no.

Matter where you go perfect strangers will suddenly find me the most fascinating conversationalist they've ever met and from within that framework within that connection that you create you'll be able to steer the conversation mind them for information that allows you to link the things that you want them to do to the things they most want. So if they just want to do it off their own selfish desires right. I'm going to teach you how to have them literally salivating to do what you want them to do and thanking you for the opportunity to do it right. I want to teach you how to control your emotions and remove resistance to your influence.

So that when people say. I don't want to do that. I'm going to teach you if it's something you guys want to learn a simple conversational framework that allows you to cause your subjects or your the target of your influence to generate their own reason for wanting to do the things that they just told you they didn't want to do would that be useful do you think. I have teenagers and pre teenagers.

So. I'm going to tell you it's hella usable right. Um and. Finally.

I'm going to give you the exact steps you need to take to go from interesting information to maximum. Unstoppable persuasion in the shortest amount of time possible does that sound like a plan are you okay. With that is that okay. So what are we going to cover in tonight's webinar.

First and foremost we're going to talk about the secret back door to the human nervous system a simple language tactic that if you apply it will literally force a person's nervous system to pay attention exclusively to you okay. I'm going to teach you the secrets of emotional bonding and attraction how to literally open up a person's. Heartstrings figure out what they most want and need and in an ethical honest way connect what you want them to do to what they most want in their heart of hearts and keep them connected to it. So they're literally salivating to work with you and do what you want them to do and you can give them exactly what they want exactly the way they want it that's right.

So if you're in any kind of therapy business sales business. Mark you know networking this one secret is probably one of the single most important profitability creating relationship stability creating processes you can have. I have not found a single uh form of human interaction or context in which this does not create profound change. I mean profound it's very simple to do you have everything in this webinar is actually quite simple and that's one of the reasons why a lot of people especially experts out there don't want you to know it because it gives them an extreme advantage over people who can't recognize these skills.

I'm going to just give it to you right. So that you can go out and start creating the life that you want instead of the life everybody wants you to have does that sound like a fair trade if you get to be able to create the life you want instead of the what that everybody around you wants you to have is that useful by the way. I'm a for feedback. So.

I'm going to keep asking you is that useful is that okay. Do you get that. I'm always going to be taking your temperature why because. I want you to know.

I'm paying attention all right. I'm going to give you a secret when it comes to any kind of relationship you should write this down attention is the currency of relationships let me repeat that a couple of times attention positive attention is the currency of relationships one more time with feeling attention is the currency of relationships. I wrote. I wrote.

A. Course many many years ago on human sexuality and how to be any. Partners ideal over the. First time that you're together and.

I devoted an entire chapter to this one concept pay attention because if you can pay attention to the human in front of you everything that you need to know to influence them to do what you want them to do will come out it may not always come out through their words. But it will come out through their body through their eyes. Through their gestures attention attention attention and when you start utilizing these techniques the level of attention that you pay to this person and how they feel which is the real key how they feel as the target of that attention just ex it exponentiates the the. Rapport that you have in the connection the trust people won't want to give up their relationship with you don't believe anything.

I'm telling you have fun with the webinar take the skill sets test them and. Then come back and tell me what you discover all right. So. I want to teach.

I want to talk a little bit about something. I call the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence and how to remove that resistance to influence. So you could. Finally take control and get the life you want the way that you want it.

So you guys ready to jump in yes. Or yes. That's uh. TI record would say okay.

Good all right. So uh let me go to a slide really quick because. I want to give you kind of an overview of what we're going to do today is we're going to kind of take a sample platter approach we're going to take a few techniques from a larger system than. I created many many years ago and.

I'm going to go deep dive into those pieces. So you can just take them out into the world and apply them immediately. But. I want you to understand that there is a full system connected to the pieces you're going to get.

So let me show you this really quick. So what you're seeing here is what we call the. CPI killer influence system uh. I believe it's to be to the right.

Of your screen. I could be wrong you should see a little. Target diagram it says know your outcome control your state get. Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process link to their.

Criterion values how many does everybody see that type in the chat if you see it okay. What you're seeing here is what we call it's the core of the. CPI and killer influence system this is called the universal persuasion protocol let me repeat that the universal persuasion protocol what this is is a. Formula that you follow that allows you to influence people anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason how many of you have ever gotten into a situation where you want to influence or persuade somebody and you have absolutely no.

Idea where to start or what to do. Next type in the chat if that's ever happened to you okay. Delilah said yep. Gina says yep fabrico says a lot happens to me yep always right.

That just went out the window because this is what you do in any situation where you seek to influence another human being the. First thing you want to do is know what you want know your outcome right. And. Elaine says well yes.

With myself exactly guess what it doesn't matter if it's on yourself or on another human being because you all have a nervous system and they all work the same way. So the. First thing you got to know is know what you want and how you're getting it it's that simple that's why it's zero you can't even begin this process if you don't have that right. It's it's the platform.

So you got to know what you want right. And let me let me let me elaborate on this. I wasn't going to elaborate too much. But this kind of gets people stuck especially if you spend a lot of time over educating yourself on neuro-linguistic programming which.

I love by the way right. You know. NLP has changed my life. But.

I usually take issue many times with the way the system is taught most people who learn it after they come out of the seminar can't actually use it they come out man. I learned all this amazing stuff now what and they have no. Idea where to start why because that little diagram that. I just showed you was missing from their training it's a road map for influence and persuasion it's a road map that allows you to know exactly what to do.

First. Second. Third fourth fifth right. And it doesn't matter the context.

But let's go back to this whole outcome thing in. NLP they have this thing they call keys to an achievable outcome which is like a five or six step process where you have to become super specific on certain things. I make. I often make a light-hearted joke which is true enough to be true to air is human to really complicate things you need a neuro-linguistic programmer okay.

Jeffrey. Gilbert says can. I show that again yes. I can right.

That's the that's the situation that that's the protocol right. Here. So the. First thing you want to do is know your know your outcome now what we talk about knowing our outcome it's knowing what we want and how we know we're getting it.

So when you think about what you want how specifically what specifically do you have to see or hear or smell or taste to know you're moving in that direction right. In the in the course. I wrote on sexuality many many years ago uh there was a chapter in that course called how to make any uh system of attraction or seduction work for you and the. First thing was what we call sensory acuity and that means the ability to pay attention to the person in such a way that you can measure if they're moving towards what you want or away from what you want now.

I'm not. I'm not going to make you go through the five different or six different characteristics of an achievable outcome that. NLP teaches it's it's overkill for what most of us want what do you want how do you know you're getting it it's that simple right. Do you want to make a friend okay.

How do you know when this person is going to be your friend is it going to give you their phone number when they spend a lot of time with you how are you going to know right. It's that simple right. Um you want to make more uh you want a job promotion how are you going to know you're going to get it well they gave you the job right. It's that simple don't overthink it because if you overthink you won't take any action and that again is one of the problems that um.

NLP tends to install in in its practitioners again don't don't shoot the messenger right. One of the problems is we tend to spend too much time thinking and not enough time taking action right. So my job is to give you the bare minimum stuff that you need to get out into the world take a step and get a response and get a result is that useful would that be helpful do you think okay. Yeah way over thing.

So. Anyway. I'm gonna get off my little soapbox on the. NLP rope.

I have. I. I still do practitioner certifications. But to get into my.

NLP training you actually have to be a great hypnotist. First um because if you can be if you can do hypnosis the way. I teach you you can rock any. NLP technique in front of you like that right.

So. NLP is often the. Last thing. I teach because it's the.

Last thing people need even though a lot of our. NLP is actually embedded uh within our within our other trainings you just we just don't tell you it's. NLP. So by the time you get to the.

NLP class it's almost anticlimactic because you're already a master of all the core skills. So it's like oh. I can do that boom in fact most of the time a little anecdote most of the time in my my student my. Advanced students get to the.

NLP training and. I start teaching in the. NLP curriculum they look. At me with this confused look.

On their face and they say why don't we just spin that because that's not in the original curriculum right. It's just one of those and it's just like no. We got to teach you that you know what we're taught. So you know we honor our lineage.

But at the end of the day we want to constantly keep growing and evolving and to me a truly. Advanced technique means it makes things easier not more complicated or or uh sophisticated if that makes sense higher levels of. Technology should make your life easier not harder right. Or be more context specific.

I'm gonna get off my soapbox again okay. Let's go back and. So knowing what you want is is the. First thing like when we teach you language patterns we're going to talk about language boundaries a little bit in this course um if you don't have an outcome in mind you can't even begin right.

So let's assume we've done that all right. Let's go back to our diagram. So we've we've got our outcome right. We know what we want the.

Next thing. I want to do is. I want to control my stick my state everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of period every form of human behavior begins and ends with moving towards or away from something now when we control your state you need to go into the psycho-emotional state that is going to give you access to your mental physical and emotional resources to deliver a persuasion message it's actually quite easy the fastest way to control your posture or to control your state is to control your posture and your breathing how many of you have ever heard of power poses uh by a a researcher named. Amy kite anybody type it in the chat if you've learned it right.

She you know we've been doing in this in the killer influence in. CPI systems we've been doing far more um. Advanced posture work than. Amy talks about in her research.

But and. I need to give. Dr. Dr.

Cutty full credit for this she actually did the scientific research we knew um from day one that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling and your feelings literally control your reality we'll talk about that we'll talk if um we may or may yeah we'll actually talk about a little bit in this training. But we'll talk about it a lot more uh in the persuasion trainings as well as uh hidden. Laws of. Attraction which is a manifestation training the uh you've all heard of the particular activating system it's a part of your brain that actually modulates what you pay attention to and.

So if. I walk into a room for example and there are 10 data points in that room that. I can pay attention to if. I'm in a good positive state or mood when.

I enter that room and eight of them are eight of those data points are positive and two are negative intuitively what do you think. I'm going to orient on. First if. I'm in a positive mood what do you think type it in the chat this is the participate it's called the reticular activating system brass for short right.

The eight positive data points if. I walk into that room in a shitty mood what do you think. I'm going to pay attention to right. What if.

I told you what if. I told you it was actually possible to influence another human being's particular activating system non-verbally from across the room with their back turned if. I told you that was possible would you believe me it's absolutely possible right. Because you have this thing called neuroneurons.

So here's my point that reticular activating system is a perceptual filter what it does is it. Cherry picks the data points in your reality come to come to. CPI and killer influence is one that you'll learn at the. First day um it literally.

Cherry picks your reality. So if. I can connect with your neurology and generate a positive body feeling in you your reticular activating system will become sensitive to that and it will reorient what you pay attention to in the external environment. So that it's in harmony with the verbal message you want to deliver right.

If you've ever wanted to. Fast. Track for making a good. First impression this is actually part of it we choose this day one as well.

So how what's the fastest way to change another human being state here's the answer change yours. First mirror neurons take over and a person automatically begins to reflect the emotional states that you're embodying right. Have you ever heard the state the statement emotions are contagious anybody type it in the chat this is how you leverage that phenomena by learning how to control your state and that means in our world to be able to enter or exit any emotional state at will on demand in any sequence that you want and everything follows from there. So when you enter a persuasion situation the.

First thing you learn that you have to do after you know your outcome you got to control your state. Then once you have control of your state you intentionally get rapport with that subject or that object of your attention you use whatever language skills you have to manage their state okay. You used your. Rapport your state control your report and your language to manage the state of the subject you jump into and utilize whatever mental or physiological process they use to make or generate the behavior you want them to make and you connect it to their emotional values and desires and beliefs right.

So if we go back to our diagram what are we going to do we enter a bar we see something we think is interesting the. First thing. I'm going to do is decide what. I want.

I'm going to control my state. I'm going to get. Rapport. I'm going to use my language skills.

I'm going to manage the state of the subject. I'm going to jump into their process. I'm going to link to their. Criterion values right.

So here's what we're going to do we're going to play a little repetition game. So that we really drive this home we're going to cross contextualize. So let's say. I am a therapist.

I'm about to go in to work with a client what's the. First thing. I'm going to do. I'm going to decide what.

I want. I'm going to help this person get what they want. I'm going to control my state. I'm going to get rapport with the client.

I'm going to use my language skills to manage the state of the subject. So they will be in the mood to do what. I want them to do and be willing to do what. I want them to do.

I will jump into whatever process they use that allows them to engage in the behaviors. I want them to make and. I will bond to their deeply held values their emotions the things that drive them let's say. I'm going to teach a class right.

Class full of fifth graders what's the. First thing. I'm going to do. I'm gonna know what.

I want. I'm going to get rapport. I'm sorry. I'm going to control my state.

I'm going to get. Rapport. I'm going to use my language skills. I'm going to manage the state of the room.

I'm going to jump into whatever process they use and. I'm going to bond to the things they most want. So that they get what they want by doing what. I want the longer.

I can keep somebody connected that way the more they will tend to do what. I want them to do by default by default okay. So let's say for a moment that. I am going to go into a networking meeting and.

I see someone who's who whose connection. I want to make right. Who. I want to remember me.

I'm going to know my outcome. I'm going to make an impression a good impression this person and they're going to want to do business with me simple right. I'm going to control my state what state do. I need to be in who do.

I need to be to project the resources that. I. I need to do this. I'm going to get rapport with that subject.

I'm going to use my language skills whatever they might be to manage the state of the subject right. I can't control another person's emotional state. But. I can dramatically influence and manage it by changing what.

I do and how. I present myself. I can navigate and direct their emotional content right. You can't ever fully control how a person interprets what you say.

But you can't significantly influence it that's why if you look. At the diagram it's. State. Management instead of.

State control the only person whose. State you can ever fully control is you okay. So and. Then what am.

I going to do. I'm going to jump into whatever process they use and. I'm going to show you really butt head simple ways to do this it's really crazy and. Then.

I'm gonna it. Bond to what they most want and give it to them in a way that they recognizable okay. In a way that they recognize it. So repeat after me control your state get.

Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process bond to their criteria and values once again control your state get. Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process bonds if you understand that sequence you can initiate influence anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason what does rapport mean get. Pratt it means create a connection and openness and a receptivity in the other person. So that they are are willingly interacting and engaging with you that they they are are predisposed to trust and like you now.

I don't necessarily need them to like me. But. I do need them to be open and once you have openness it's very easy to get the other stuff right. Now what's cool is by the time you're done you will have a handful of techniques that do all of that you won't need a whole palette we have a whole system.

But. I'm going to give you just the the nuclear nuts some some nuclear nuts and bolts for letting you do this okay. Before. I do that.

I wanted to give you. I wanted you to understand that there's a full system at play here that goes well beyond this. But this is the core right. If you don't know what to do you don't know how to do it control your state get.

Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process. Bond their emotional values and belief systems does that make sense if you if you're with me. So far type it in type it in the chat is this helpful does this give you a map to follow okay. Good.

I. I absolutely can. I've actually been doing it since. I got on on the on the webinar.

But um what. I'm going to do is. I'm going to give you key pieces that if you just apply the key pieces the rest will take care of itself it's almost like a done-for-you kind of a process. So let's talk about how to learn this stuff really really quick how many of you buy a show of uh that's me in the chat would like to be up to 30 to 31 33 better at everything anybody okay.

I'm glad you said that. So here's all you got to do take everything that. I teach you and apply a playful fun-loving explorational let's see what happens kind of a mood right. The studies show that when you approach any subject with a playful explorational curious based let's see what happens easy going energy you are up to 31 percent more intelligent more adaptable more perceptive more aware and if you're using this in the persuasion context big one if you're using this in the persuasion of influence context your counterpart the person you are seeking to influence is up to 31 more compliant in other words you have a 31 better chance of them doing what you want them to do now that statistic that finding comes from wait for it hostage negotiation can you think of a more tense situation than negotiating with a terrorist or you know a kidnapper right.

So what do you think what do you think your success rate would be if you had if you could get your boss the person evaluating you for the job for the pay raise to be 31 percent more compliant and likable and amenable to you you think you might get a raise you think you might get a promotion what if that's where you started what if. I could show you how to hack it even further would that be okay. Would this go well with dark seduction well. First of all why would you do dark seduction you don't need to do dark seduction you just got to make people have fun with you and connect with you okay.

Cindy. Lauper said it best. Girls. Just.

Want to. Have type it in the chat right. The more fun a person is having the more of their defenses go down right. I don't like.

I use the word seduction from time to time in my marketing because it it gets people's attention. But. I don't as a rule. I don't like the word seduction right.

Because the when. I was researching the definition it basically implied to getting you're enticing people to do things that are not in their best interests and. I just don't believe that that's how we should move through the world. I think you should move through the world attracting people who think you're the coolest thing since sliced bread and they get everything they want from doing what you want if that makes any kind of sense right.

Again a lot of people put these titles on books to sell books. I'm not going to pass judgment on that right. Marketing is a lot of. Seduction right.

I'm going to give you very very powerful ethical usable ways to get everything you want in such a way that you can actually go to sleep at night and feel good about the day you've let or the life you're leading right. And you don't have to believe a single thing that. I'm teaching you all you've got to do is do it. I'm really you know in a playful way.

I'm serious all you got to do is do it and. I challenge you to try and make it fail right. So understand take everything that. I'm going to share with you over the.

Next two three hours whatever it is rapid in a playful exploration let's go do this and see what let's see if. David's full of or not go out and play with it see what happens right. That's the. First thing can we do that do.

I have your promise that you will take everything. I tell you to do in this webinar and follow the instructions to go out and actually play with it play with it please if. I have you again. I'm good at what.

I do. But. I can't multiply zeros if you're not going to take the actions you might as well click away now right. Okay.

Now what if you had the ability to have have people literally hanging on your every word that by by showcase how many of you here hate. Small. Talk anybody okay. What if there was a simple language hack that would allow you to do two things simultaneously one eliminate the need to make small talk and.

B cost someone to immediately start to like love and trust you and have them hanging on your every word thinking you're the most fascinating conversationalist they've ever met would that be useful what if there was one technique that did all that more. Liam's got it right. We call it the echo technique. So write this down and and bro and blazing it in backwards on the inside of your eyelids.

So every time you go to sleep at night you see it in glowing golden letters the echo technique okay. The most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the ones that just came out of their mouth cross contextually the most powerful words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth right. You can see me do this live in action on my. YouTube channel go to my early early videos where.

I'm teaching the echo technique inevitably somebody in the audience challenges me and if you pay attention you'll see you'll hear me. Echo back their exact words for two three minutes and they don't catch it because that's the. First per that was the. First question for those of you for this is new for that was the.

First question that came up in your mind well don't catch me doing that no. They won't. I challenge you to get caught. But here's the secret you got to do it sincerely from a certain perspective.

So. I'm gonna. I'm gonna go to my notes now and give you the full teaching uh for this webinar on the echo technique which is how to get maximum attention from any human being in the shortest amount of time possible you guys ready okay. Perfect uh here we go all right.

Pull this down all right. So the echo technique the most powerful way to communicate with human beings is literally guys when you do this it literally forces a person's neurology to pay specific attention to you very often to the exclusion of everything else how many of you have ever been at a party it's loud it's noisy there's lots of people and from across the room somebody says your name to somebody else and you turn around and look. Anybody ever had that experience yes. Or yes.

Okay. Why did that happen how did that happen it's because your unconscious mind which never sleeps never takes a break is constantly scanning the environment for anything that relates to you. So when a person speaks that spoken language has passed through every single layer of their nervous system it is a perfect key to lock fit to every thought process that they have it's almost like you guys know what a sonar is or a radar you guys know what. I'm talking about right.

You're you're in a submarine and sending out little sound waves and those sound waves go out and they bounce off something and they come back and as soon as it comes back the nerve the the system reinterprets it and makes an image your nervous system is constantly scanning the environment it's pinging a map a model of itself out into the world and it's looking for the matches it's looking for the things that are in resonance with the map of who you are and what's right. And desirable in your world the words that you speak have been filtered through that entire system. So the moment they come back it's a perfect key to lock fit to everything the nervous system is scanning the environment for and the moment your system perceives it they lock in on it and what happens is the person who who has heard their own words come back to them starts to feel understood heard validated approved of connected with and that starts a. Cascade of processes in a person that deepens and amplifies.

Rapport one of the things you'll discover that the minute you hit somebody with this. Echo technique they start running off at the mouth how many of you noticed when you actually applied the echo technique out in the real world the person started talking more and more wouldn't shut up anybody type it in the chat me right. Yeah um yoka um. I.

I could um. I can talk about the three. I've talked about the three levels report in another video if. I start talking about it here we're going to go off in a way direction we won't get to the techniques.

I need to get to. But we'll put a pin in. I promise we'll talk about it in another video okay. The three levels of report that they're referring to starts with classic.

Rapport uh coherence and what we call vibing right. Um different types of. Rapport are used for different applications okay. Catania says.

I didn't realize it yeah should. I do this all the time what if. I want to have an organic natural conversation you'll still be having an organic natural conversation the difference will be that the person you're communicating with will feel like they've absolutely been heard by you understood by you approved by you and they will bond with you and give you even more information your job once you've initiated that process is to guide the conversation from within it okay. Again we teach you how to do that in the full class we can't do that here.

But we can give you the echo technique and we can give you the red hot nuclear-powered building blocks that let you just start to begin this process anytime anywhere under any circumstance and that's my job. I'm not here to teach you the full system if you want to get access to the full system. I'll show you how to do that in part two. But if you don't need any of that to be successful immediately okay.

And that's what. I want. I want something that you can grab a hold of take out into the world to start using it anywhere language is involved texting video. Zoom phone email any place where language is involved okay.

This technique. Works more than it doesn't and if it irritates you when it's being done it's because that person either not doing it well or they're doing it from the wrong mindset or attitude okay. A lot of people in the classical. NLP world will say if if you're caught matching and mirroring somebody it will annoy them that's not actually true it only happens if you stop doing it if you keep doing it eventually their system acclimates and they stop paying attention and they go right.

It it goes right. In right. Most people haven't really tested this stuff they just take what they were taught at face value. So let me go let me go back over um the echo technique and.

I'll do a quick like still solo demo for you. So you can understand this. So. This literally primes your target it'll.

First of all this the beautiful thing about the echo technique and we'll talk more about this when we get to three magic questions is that it virtually eliminates small talk and boring conversations because when you start doing this with somebody eighty percent of that conversation will come out of the other person's mouth all you have to do is. Echo and ask another question. I'm going to give you what. I call the master.

Echo sequence this is a. Formula that you follow when you're doing this out in the real world and it's and it's worth its weight in gold if it had to wait right. Okay. So it also primes your target to keep talking and give you more and more and more information about themselves at the same time remember information is attention attention is the currency of relationships the longer they talk the more attractive and trusting and connected to you they become it automatically makes your listener um feel heard understood and accepted it raises their feeling of personal validation and it raises your social status okay.

It matches every internal filter that they have and indirectly links to deep deep emotional needs there's two ways you can tap into people's value systems attention is the currency of relationships okay. Uh this is why we're. So we're we're for social media right. It matches every internal filter that they have okay.

Right. So how do we actually apply this all right. Well. First thing just use their words verbatim whenever you can.

But if you want a little deeper training on this this is called the master. Echo sequence. I'm going to do a demo for you in just a. Second and.

Then we're going to talk about emotional bonding. But. I want you when. I do the emotional bonding part.

I want you to pay attention and notice how many times. I use this okay. So here's how it works for you when you're out in the field when you see somebody that you want to interact with you go up to them you ask a question you pay attention to their response you validate their response you. Echo their words you ask another question let me repeat that three times for you master.

Echo sequence again. I'm all about formulas to follow recipes that give you the greatest yield to your investment you ask them a question this opens them up you pay attention to their response you validate the thing the response they give you you. Echo their words you ask again let me do this face to face one more time with feeling you ask a question you pay attention you validate their response you. Echo their words you ask another question this creates a structure.

But it also allows you to create an organic conversation by asking questions that move the conversation in the direction you want it to go does that make sense are you guys with me. So far is this useful all right. So when. I'm back in my you guys saw it earlier when.

I went through my bio right. That. I've been. I was.

I've been a lifelong martial artist right. And when. I again. I was.

I was just starting in the in the. NLP world. But. I.

I knew enough about. Criterion values and the power of a person's very own words that. I started integrating this into uh my phone conversations when um when my prospective clients would call for my martial arts studio and. I had com.

I had competitors a half a mile in every direction right. So the phone would bring it and the call would literally goes something like this now pay attention as. I do this to how much of the master. Echo sequence.

I use it goes ring ring good afternoon. Coral. Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can.

I help you oh hi. David my name is. Bernice. Jones and uh.

I'm. I'm interested in uh karate lessons for my 10 year old son. Josh oh hey. Bernice nice to meet you.

So you're. So you're interested in karate lessons for your 10 year old son. Josh yeah don't laugh that's what they say it's like all of a sudden just read their mind even though they just heard it right. Yeah yeah um.

Josh is a really great kid and he's you know he's super smart in fact he's. So smart that uh his his teachers have have decided to move him up a grade and. I think that's great. But honestly.

I'm a little nervous. Josh is is is not a big kid he's kind of small for his age and he's going to be in a higher level class with bigger kids older kids and. I'm worried that the uh the bigger kids might pick on him and. I've heard that martial arts uh was not only good for you know protecting yourself against bullies and stuff like that.

I also heard that it was good for concentration. Focus self-confidence and. I. I was really hoping that that maybe martial arts could help my son.

Josh oh. I see. Bernie. So.

Josh is a really great kid he's. But he's small for his age he's. So smart that his teachers actually moved him up a grade in with kids that are are bigger and and taller than him and you're afraid that they might pick on him and you heard that martial arts was a great way to protect yourself against bullies and develop confidence and self-esteem and you're absolutely right. Martial arts for centuries has been a way for smaller people to defend themselves and protect themselves against bullies to develop greater levels of confidence confidence concentration and self-esteem and focus and we have a class that's designed exactly for kids like.

Josh okay. That will help them become more confident more focused more able to protect themselves from those beliefs. So. Josh can feel good going to school and knowing that he has the tools and you'll feel good because.

Josh should be able to actually stand up to people who want to push him around and he'll have that focus and that concentration that you're looking for. So. Bernice. David that sounds amazing uh what do.

I do. Next well it's great all you got to do we have like. I said we have a special program for kids like. Josh that's designed to impart all those qualities that we just talked about it's a it comes with two private lessons and one group class and a free uniform and he gets to come in one or more with an instructor learn some real cool self-defense techniques and things and.

Then we'll put him in the group class with with it uh a guide you know someone kind of like a buddy who will go through the class with him. So he can see how that all integrates and uh kids love it they have a good time and they they get to really start to internalize all those amazing qualities of being able to. Stave off bullies being able to be more focused and concentrated. I have uh.

I have a slot available today at about 5 30 that we can put him in or would uh tomorrow at around six be better for you uh let me think um you know. I think. I think maybe five you know 5 30 today would be good because. I could have him come home like.

I haven't do his homework eat dinner and. Then bring uh you know and bring him in. I. I.

I'll see you today okay. Great let me uh let me take your name and phone number we'll depends on you and. Josh in you're welcome to watch the class or if you want you can just drop them off um we encourage the parents to watch the class. But sometimes the kids feel you know a little odd with the parents staring at there.

So it's just really up to you you decide to discuss it with. Josh what makes him feel best and we'll see you at 5 30. right. You have a great day thank you. David click eight out of ten nine out of ten people they show up right.

Now what did you notice would less info repeated still have worked possibly one of the things. I wanna. I want you to err on though is overuse of it. So you can see the effect right.

Validation how many times that was a beautiful conversation thank you right. How much of what. David said was different from what. Bernice said right.

You're absolutely right. A couple of times. I actually got it out of sequence did it matter right. For years.

I didn't have a sequence exactly you never have to sell when you do this why because every time you talk to them you're talking about the things they most want you don't have to sell them something somebody wants they're going to ask you to buy it does that make sense. But again don't believe me go out into the world apply the formula right. Would you like to experience a little bit of what. Bernice got yes.

Or no. Yes. Or yes. It's.

TI record would say okay. For this you're going to need a pencil and paper this. Next technique is called the emotional bonding checklist in the. Echo in the.

Echo. Technique we we stimulate a person's emotional needs indirectly through surface level words with the emotional bonding checklist we go right. For the center of the persuasion bullseye the magic question to begin this process is called what's important about right. So you guys ready you guys ready to play right.

So let me preface this this is one of the most powerful influence techniques you can use on any if not the most powerful. I gotta be honest whether you do this on yourself for yourself or you're using it with another human being this gives you the literal roadmap that creates the things that are most desirable and undesirable in their world. So that you can either give it to them or remove it from their life does that make sense it'll it will in a minute. So here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to take out a piece of paper and. I would prefer if you actually hand wrote this rather than typed it on your keyboard. But it doesn't matter now obviously if you're driving a car operating.

Machinery you shouldn't be doing this at all right. But what. I want you to do on the top of that paper. I want you to write this question what do.

I want to get from training with. David today write that question what do. I want to get from training with. David today dot dot when you've done that type done in the chat again the more done.

Eric. Eric's has done done done excellent now underneath that question. I want you to write the answer and go with your. First impressions here's something.

I want to give you for free right. Off of that there are six. Dynamics to an unconscious response unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's never linear in this context we're only worried about the.

First four always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up right. Actually through it right. Whatever comes up.

First that's what you write what do. I want to get from training with. David today or what do. I want to get from following.

David's instructions today dot dot dot write the answer underneath that right. Number one. Next to that. I want you to write what's important about that if you followed my instructions if you got the results the things you want to be able to do as a result of training today you got it what's important to you about it what what's that going to do for you what's important about it write that down right.

What's important about that once you've written the answer type done in the chat okay. Excellent now now that you've answered the. First what's important about question once you know what's important about that write number two number write the what's important about question again and ask yourself what's important about your answer to question number one in other words we're digging a little bit deeper. So let's say um in in as an example you know you want to you want to what do.

I want to let from. David. I want the ability to influence people to want to do what. I want them to do anytime.

I want them to do it write that down what's important about getting people to want to do what you want them to do anytime you want them to do it well the answer to that is. So. I get the things. I want and.

I can feel good about it and. I can. I can have more security for my family excellent that's just an example could be. So.

I never have to feel afraid ever again could be. So that. I know that. I can make.

I can take care of myself and. I'll never be at another person's. Mercy ever it doesn't matter what the answer is as long as it comes from you once you've answered question number two. I want you to write three what's important about that and apply the what's important about question to the answer you gave for question number two.

So you should have three degrees of what's important about you guys following me. So far type yes. If you wouldn't excellent okay. So answer those three questions and.

Then. I want to. I'm going to give you an experience that's going to transform everything that you do okay. Well kinda okay.

Would it help if. I showed you a template. I. I hesitate sometimes to show the template because sometimes the template actually confuses people a little bit more all right.

So let me see if. I can make this better and somewhat legible that's not a good one okay. This will work. So when you apply this process to yourself it's called the emotional motivation checklist when you apply this with another human being it's called the emotional bonding checklist it's the same process what changes is who it's directed at okay.

So you might want to take a screenshot of this just to make it easier again. I'm not holding anything back. I'm going to give. I'm going to.

I'm giving you exactly the process right. So you know we started off with what do. I want to learn from. David today right.

And. Then. I make my answer maybe it's. I want to make more money okay.

Great. Then you ask what's it going to do for you what or or like. I said what's important about right. You answer the question whatever it is number two what's important about getting that answer the question number three ultimately if you had it what would it do what's important about having right.

Does this help. I'll do a cleaner one and maybe send it out as a. PDF. But this is the basic structure okay.

Now here's where the magic happens. I want you to take the paper that you're holding and. I want you to stand up you should have at least three levels of answer on there okay. Let me see if.

I can model this for you um doesn't work. So you take your piece of paper with your answers written on it okay. You hold them up ah doesn't have to be too high. I like to hold it up just above eye level or at about a 45 degree angle right.

You can't my my screens my background is messing with me and what. I want you to do. I want you to read the answers to question one two and three out loud. First of all to scan your body notice the body feelings you have right.

Now and. I want you to take the answers to the questions what's important about that you've written question the answer to question one the answer to question two the answer to question three and. I want you to read them out loud to yourself five times read it out loud to yourself five times right. Close the door.

So nobody will hear you. But nice and loud or nice and you know at my volume we've been out loud five times take an inventory of how you feel and. Then type what you feel in the chat when you're done. So the question um you can see.

I'll show it to you again for those of you who want to see it again okay. Faith says empowered excited. Rapport okay. Focused right.

Anxious okay. You've got some stuff to clear that's okay. Grateful excellent empowered beautiful let me ask you a question how fast was that how fast was it seconds now let me ask you a question made it real immediately. Wendy says now let me ask you a question what if you could move through the world giving these kinds of feelings to everyone you meet what if you could take these kinds of feelings because how much think about it based on what you just read out to yourself how much more do you want those things how much more do you want those things now how much more are you associating the answer to that question to getting those needs to the guy in front of you.

I'm pulling back the curtain what if you could move through the world making everyone you meet regardless of the context feel this way how would that change your life save time for sure you wouldn't waste a lot of time on people who don't match your stuff right. That's the secret to this the emotional bonding checklist goes right. To the heart of every human being's emotional needs and when you talk to people using their exact words including this information because all you really did if you think about it all you really did was repeat the exact words your heart gave you five times five times with no. Context well.

I said context for you. But the idea is think about it there's nothing else around this look. At what happened to you okay. Perfect now how many of you would like to take this even further tap it in the chat excellent.

So at the beginning of our webinar. I promised you. I would take you as far down this. Rabbit.

Hole as. I could. I would lay the foundations for influence and persuasion that are unstoppable completely ethical and get everybody loving you and wanting to do what you want them to do have. I delivered on that.

So far okay. So with your permission. I'd like to share with you a special program and a series of packages that. I've put together to help you leverage this even further and help you become absolutely.

Unstoppable and get all the things we've talked about including what's on your list right. Now at the beginning of this webinar is that okay. May. I have your permission to do that okay.

All right. That being said cool. I'd like to share with you something. I'm very very proud of this is actually one of my favorite webinars to teach it's the sequence of human influence.

Ultra persuasion home study course. Mastery of course this is a course designed to help you reach into the hearts and minds of yourself and everyone you know. So that you can ethically and honestly make more money close more deals get more dates help more people feel more confident move through the world feeling more powerful and able to get the things you want. So that you can.

Finally win the game of. Life all the while becoming more. Charming charismatic and irresistible and a whole lot more there. I can't.

I mean begin to list all of the things that this technology has done for my life this is why. I'm such a big proponent of it this is why. I believe that this is the ultimate survival skill if you are a human being trying to survive and thrive in a human society this is the most important skill that you can have the ability to get human beings to actually want to do the things that you want them to do without saying no. Arguing lying cheating or stealing to me this is the ultimate success skill set and here's what we're going to do for you today everything in this package is available until.

October 26 2022 at 11 59 pm tonight right. At that point it goes away it turns into a pumpkin. But don't worry the the courses are completely worth it at full price. But if you want the biggest bang for your buck you might want to stay till the end of the webinar.

So that you can get even more good stuff because. I promise you there's going to be more coming we're going to teach you more stuff. So what does this include the set the secrets of human influence home study course begins with our killer influence program the 17 video seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol that's going to teach you how to think like a master of influence influence masters of influence have a certain mindset and a way of looking at the world that allows them to find the.

The. Leverage points in any interaction or communication that leads to the greatest best result for the good of all concern it's a 297 value you're going to get that right. Away how to control your psycho emotional state. So no.

One else can this is a special module several modules of training that teaches you how to enter and exit any psycho-emotional state at will through your physiology and through your breathing and. Then through your mind alone and. Then we teach you how to combine this. So you can link with anybody else's nervous system influence their physical body to their reticular activating system and literally being emotions back in forth it changes their brain from the inside out.

So they are pre. Supreme predisposed and primed to perceive your communication in the way you want them to perceive it and they think it's their idea right. We do that through the. Special.

Report skills you heard uh yoga talk about three levels of. Rapport this is taught in the. Power report skills for connecting with anyone anywhere there are three levels of. Rapport only one of which is the classical report skills taught in neuro-linguistic programming we'll show you how each of these three levels of.

Rapport work what they're good for what they're not if you're trying to use classic. NLP skills for attraction and dating you're going to wind up in the friend zone 9 out of ten times. But if you understand vibing you have the exact ingredients for maximum attraction maximum. Rapport in minimum time we'll show you the ins and outs of all of this stuff and.

Then afford the most powerful type of. Rapport that you have is known as uh kinesthetic report or heart coherence this is where your heartbeat your lung your breathing patterns almost instantly start to synchronize with another person uh if you're familiar with heartmath.org you can go to their website and you can download their free ebook. Go to chapter six it'll give you all the studies that this is this is derived from this is validation and corroboration of these skills all this is done before you even open your mouth right. So 297 value we're going to teach you all the skills that you need we're going to teach you the seven most powerful most irresistible language patterns that exist let me ask you guys a question think about what you learned.

So far about connecting with the person's deepest emotional needs what if you also had the ability to instantly make anything you want cause or seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things have nothing to do with each other what could you do with a superpower like that right. That's what one pattern does what if you have the magical ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things have nothing in common right. You could literally make a white shirt mean. Trust right.

Those two things have absolutely nothing to do with each other. But using one simple language pattern you can make connections that people believe is absolute reality that's language pattern two what if you have the ability to make anyone you want pay attention to anything you want and avoid paying attention to anything else what if that what if that pattern would also allow you to instantly cause automatic processes to go off in their minds. So that they automatically start thinking the way that you want them to think and you just kind of sit back and watch it happen that's what language pattern number three does what if you had the power to force a person's internal mind movies the movies you make in your mind what if you have the ability to make those movies be exactly what you want them to be with absolutely zero chance of misinterpretation or being wrong that's four patterns guys right. What if one of these patterns was.

So powerful that even when the person you were using it on knew you were doing it it still worked what could you do with powers like that because that's what you're getting and. Then there's other language patterns that just round out and. I'll give you ability to create very powerful spatial representations that allow you to control the perceptions of time and to move around objections very very jointly this is the system that was named the number one. NLP course in the world we never here's the part here's the funny part about this guys we never even promoted this as an.

NLP class right. They just this is the most powerful ship we've ever seen right. It's a 200 actually you think about it it's way more than 297 value. But that's part of the course right.

We're going to teach you how to manage the emotional states of other people. So that you can navigate and move them from where they are to where you want them to be in the simplest easiest most effective way possible and jumping back really quick going back to that whole how to how to control your psychomotional state. So no. One else can what if you had the the what if nobody was ever able to push your emotional hot buttons for a very long ever again would that be useful to have.

Stone could get under your skin or if they did they call you by surprise you could instantly get out of it that's part that's that's level two training right. There with the how to control your psychomotional state that's part of it okay. What if you could instantly hijack a person's internal. Behavior code in other words every time somebody wants to do something there's a there's a like a firing pattern in your brain their visual cortex their auditory cortex or kinesthetic cortex they light up in certain sequences those sequences are hidden in their words what if you could easily perceive those codes and use them to install influence even more powerfully.

So they just automatically do what you want them to do would that be helpful would that be useful right. We're going to teach you how to do that actually if you want to be really technical. I've already taught you how to do it right. Starts with the word e and ends with.

Echo right. Okay. What if you could emotionally. Bond anyone's deepest desires to what you want them to do.

So that they automatically do what you want. So they can get what they want isn't that the definition of win-win that's again what you got to experience with that emotional bonding checklist that emotional motivation checklist it's the persuasion bullseye now look. At what you can do with just pieces of the system what can you do with all of it right. What could you do with all of it think about it what would your life be like right.

So 200 that part is. So you're also going to get the killer influence mind control. Manifesto this is a 218. I think 240 page manual that not only covers the entire seven-stage.

Universal persuasion protocol it also teaches you about lie detection how to cold read people how to uh tap into other types of neurological filters. So that people automatically want to do what you want them to do and have the greatest degree of understanding what you're trying to communicate um how to do how to reframe things uh how to personality profile people in as little as 90 seconds uh let's see how the social hypnotic operators things like commitment and consistency scarcity these are hypnotic operators that. Society has programmed into you that make you automatically buy the stuff they sell or run away from the things they want you to run away from or run towards the things they want you to run away from these five hypnotic triggers are responsible for 80 to 90 percent of everything that's bought and sold in this country right. If you understand these triggers you can become aware of when they're used on you you can choose now to follow that that impetus or you can resist it remember without awareness my friends there is no.

Choice right. So this gives you the ability to see it perceive it defend against it. But also in your way to ethically use them right. So you can you know if you have clients that you want to help this will help you to motivate them properly to become your client and do what you want them to do right.

This is all part of the killer influence mind control. Manifesto right. You'll also get access and. I'll talk about this in a little shortly to an online community with people just like you who want to make their lives better through the.

Arts of persuasion and influence and are looking for people to practice with to communicate with to commune with people you can talk to about this without them wanting to burn you at the stake is that a fun thing you can feel you can talk to about this stuff and not feel weird right. I'm going to give you access to an extended family of people who are there for the same reasons you are right. It's really cool what do you think you like that right. Total value on this package if you bought it on the website it'll be 2 497.

But for those of you on the webinar today who are willing to follow my instructions to get the most bang for their. Buck. I want to reward you for taking action today if you grab this package before the end of our our training tonight we're going to include absolutely free these full these these uh several exclusive special bonuses these are courses. I hand picked to take the core training of the killer of the sequence of human influence and round out your persuasion skills to give you the ability to adapt and modify and overcome any obstacle that you might find out in the real world okay.

First one. Weapons of. Mass instruction what one of the most powerful and. Unstoppable and undetectable forms of human influence is storytelling and metaphor now.

I was very very frustrated for many years as. I was studying influence persuasion because every. NLP teacher in ericksonians as. I went to said there's nothing more powerful than story metaphor and every time.

I went to a story in metaphor training all they did was tell stories without telling what the was going on behind the scenes after get buying yet another course on storytelling metaphor that did nothing. But tell me stories and talk about the hero's journey. I realized something that if there was going to be a course on storytelling and metaphor that was actually user friendly based on. Neuroscience.

I would have to create it and that's exactly what. I did. I created a program we call weapons of mass destruction it's a it's a it's a 17 or 10 17 or 18. DVD set it comes with a full manual it has five specific modules the.

First module is the. Neuroscience behind story and telling and metaphor why you want to use it why it's never perceived as a direct attempt at persuasion how it persuades people to do things in the background how your brain lights up when it hears a story right. All that's in there. Then we're going to teach you the five most important ways to use.

Story the. First one is called connecting stories it's it's how to use short little stories to spark conversations get people talking about themselves and create bonding in thing in in interactions as simple as standing in the line at the movie theater the line of. Starbucks would give you actual templates and formats to follow. So it takes all the guesswork out of creating these things.

So you literally have these this little swipe file these these little bullets for your persuasion handgun that you can deploy anytime you want to right. The. Next phase is called. Alpha stories.

Alpha stories are the classical types of stories used for persuasion motivation inspiration team building they're they're stories that amplify the persuasion push let me explain this because. I want to. I want to compare and contrast this with the. Next module in this in the in the program called.

Omega stories. So let's let's assume for a moment that um. I have this big filing cabinet that's full of stuff right. And.

I want to move this filing cabinet across the room. So. I have to overcome the inertia. So.

I. I get down. I get low and. I push and.

I push and. I push and. I inch the. I inched the filing cabinet across the room if.

I'm smart. I get a bunch of other people behind me and they help me push the filing cabinet across the room that's how alpha stories and. Alpha persuasion strategies work they add more push to your persuasion message. But what if what if.

I took. Some rollers or some oil and. I put it on the floor in front of the filing cabinet. So now.

I could just remove the resistance the friction to the final count. So the final count just easily slide across the room without more effort sometimes with less effort what if. I could remove the resistance to my influence that's what. Omega stories do and it's based on the work of.

Dr. Eric. Knowles who wrote a book. Called resistance and persuasion that's module 3 of weapons of mass instruction right.

You're going to learn exactly how to do it the two things that make stories irresistible the sixth cap and the five category checklist that if you build these things into your story they become neurologically irresistible and. Then we even give you a quiz that you can take your story tell it to somebody and they can rate your story on these five or six characteristics. So you can consistently improve the power of your story. So anytime you need to to whip that story out you know you have the greatest chance of influencing another human being right.

So that brings us to the final module in the weapons of mass instruction series we call this ninja stories not only are stories super powerful by themselves stories can be used as a delivery mechanism for about 14 different persuasion tactics right. Embedded commands analog marketing behavioral priming semantic priming uh nested. Loops all of these things can be built into your story that amplify magnify and direct the persuasion they're hidden in the background of the story like subliminal it's not subliminal. But it is and they create what we call ninja stories.

So if you're coming from a classic. NLP background and you've heard things like embedded commands and and analog markings and anchoring these are all things that can be embedded within a story now why am. I telling you this because there's a lot of people in the in the personal development field that are doing this on you okay. They're not teaching you.

NLP they're not teaching you persuasion they're using the techniques on you without your consent without your knowledge. So. I want to level the playing field a little bit okay. So in my in the.

Ninja. Story module what. I literally do is. I show you all of the persuasion tactics that these pitch men and these high level speakers and stuff are using to get people to.

Stampede to the back of the room and buy things that aren't in their best interest necessarily right. I'm going to teach you how to use them each and every one. I'm going to teach you how to use each and every one and how to build your own stories. So that you can turn the tables or in an ethical and honest way if you're teaching or you're presenting and you're giving value to people you can use these techniques to amplify and accelerate their learning have them wanting to sign up for you you know you it's your skill set you get to use it.

However you want right. And. Then. Finally what.

I do just to prove this to you. I take a transcript of one of the most famous presenters in the world and. I deconstruct his talk and show you all the hidden tactics all the. Secret.

Story work that's going on that's priming you to do things you'll never look. At some of these people the same way again. But it will change your life right. It'll.

Empower you right. I'm giving you these all. I'm giving it to you free because. I want you to understand.

I'm we in our world in. Planet. David we call it seeing the. Matrix bonus number one.

But wait there's more is this cool they're famous they're dodgy. Anyway. I wish that were true. I wish that were true um some people are actually quite quite ethical.

But they understand persuasion influence they understand that people need to take action in order to change and as long as you're not manipulating as long as you're not being deceitful whatever you can get them to do to make a decision which is really what it's kind of what separates the dodgy ones from the the true the heart-centered ones when you're a heart-centered influencer what you really care about is helping people get to a point where they can make a decision you don't become married to what that decision might be. So we'll talk about that more on the train. But let's go back to this okay. So that's that's bonus one it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free okay.

Just for grabbing one of these um one of these uh these packages okay. So the total combined value is 4 487 dollars. But we're not done yet there's more free stuff coming your way bonus number two. Renegade reframing how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds during normal conversations this is this is like.

Kryptonite for people who like to argue this is. Kryptonite for people who have limiting beliefs what now think think about this for a moment how many of you have ever had somebody say no. To you and give you a. BS reason or a reason that you just couldn't you couldn't overcome anybody what if for every single objection argument insult um limiting belief you had 14 different ways to instantly change that belief and create a new one what if you could do this to yourself what if you could list all the all the limiting beliefs that you have shoot these 14 bullets out and 14 different new options and ways to believe about something how would that change your life because that's exactly what.

Renegade reframing is all about you see when. Richard bandler the one of the founders of. NLP would teach his practitioners and especially when he was teaching um reframing um he would challenge his students to try and attack his belief systems or change his living beliefs or his objections and they would try to argue and met a model and do all these techniques and. Richard had this seemingly psychic ability to just say the right.

Thing at the right. Time and one of one of. Richard bandler's students was a guy named. Robert dilts and.

Robert would would actually observe. Richard over the course of several trainings and he made a discovery he discovered that there were 14 separate language passenger points of view that. Richard would apply to anything his students said that instantly neutralized that statement and created a a moment of confusion that he could install another suggestion right. It just instantly stopped people's thought processes in their track it changed and reframed the beliefs and he discovered these patterns he codified them and for a long time it was really kind of challenging to learn when.

I got my hands on. I said we got to find a way to make this more fun and simpler. So we created a special manual and a card game we call it the reframe game with this particular training you now gain the ability to instantly change a belief during normal conversation in as little as 30 seconds right. 14 different ways to do it in as little as 30 seconds and.

Then if you start combining it becomes even more. Unstoppable right. And the best part is you don't ever own unless you screw up the stuff we teach you in uh in the killer influence training the secrets of persuasion the. First thing.

I talked about you almost never need to use this. But you can use this on yourself to completely transform all of your limiting beliefs and free up your your behavioral flexibility again it's a 1997 value it comes with a card game you just print the stuff out cut it up and you can just throw a throw a card at somebody. State a limiting belief and that person has to use the card to overcome it and you can become very very good very very fast some of us have even talked about turning it into a drinking game uh that might be dangerous. But it's include the card game is included it's in the back of the man you just print it out cut it up and have fun with it okay.

It's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free just for grabbing this special webinar package total combined value is six thousand four hundred and eighty four dollars. But we're not done yet the. Next bonus is the one remember. I talked about famous pitch men men who are men and women who can get up on stage and have people stampeding to the back of the room to become a client by a product or service whatever you want us.

I decided many years ago that people needed to know how to do this on stage and. So. I created this course this is called. Charisma and conversion and it's a special course on presentation skills hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers.

I've taught my students from the time. I took. The stage and. Raven up to today is that the most powerful cost-effective way to build your business create content for your channels establish yourself as an authority is public speaking to get in front of a group of people who have a problem that you can solve and skillfully artfully guide them through a series of experiences that position them to want to take further action with you and.

I take you from. Soup. To. Nuts with this.

I teach you basic stagecraft. I teach you a process we call persuasion architecture how do you exactly how exactly do you design a talk that's subliminally programs people to want to take the. Next step with you right. On paper what does that look.

Like what are the steps and. Then we actually get you up on a stage well you'll see us do it in the video because you're not digging you're doing this from home you'll see us getting people up on stage and giving them feedback on their stuff how to hold a microphone how to walk how to move on stage and. Then what we do we go back and revisit some of the material from cpi2 or the weapons of mass instruction and we show you the. Art and.

Science of. Storytelling. So you can begin to deploy these things on any group in your on anyone in your audience. So they want to take the.

Next step with you learn the materials faster and feel good about it. So again um it's an integrative system we put these three bonuses in here. So that you have the whole enchiladas. Dan.

Kennedy likes to say and you know if you if you are a coach a therapist um who a networker and you know these are these are important skills to have we're going to teach you the fastest easiest most effective way to get maximum. Charisma maximum conversion in the shortest amount of time possible. Eric's asking about bottom line. I like bottom line people we'll get to it.

Eric. I promise it's total combined value 8 481 dollars. So this is what we got for you. So far 17 video seven stage.

Universal persuasion protocol two thousand four hundred ninety seven. Dollar. Value. Plus the killer influence mind control.

Mastery manual. Weapons of. Mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling metaphor. Secrets 1997 value.

Renegade reframing 1997 value. Charisma conversion and not a presentation skills for presenters and public speakers 1997 value total combined value is 8481 bucks. However because. I want to reward the people who take action because.

I want you to get off your butt and get in the game. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible. I'm going to slash the price on this okay. You're not going to have to pay 8 488 bucks you're not going to have to pay 6481 5347. you're not even gonna have to pay 33.47 right.

24.97 sound like a fair price guess what we're not even going to do that for those of you who are actually serious about taking charge of your life if you've enjoyed what you've learned. So far and felt the power of it and can imagine what the full system will do for you with all the bonuses you can get it all today for one low installment of just 9.97 one installment of 9.97 and if you need a little extra help we'll let you break it down into three easy installments of just 397. all you got to do to get yours is click the link in your in your chat there go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go one more time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go. I want you to have this if you know you deserve it right. If your little voice it feel like it's too expensive it's too much work too much material that's your neurology trying to keep you the same right.

If you know if you felt the power of just the few pieces you've learned today imagine what you can do with everything right. But it's your call right. Go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go right. So for those of you um who may be a little on the fence or a little nervous well what if it doesn't work.

David right. What what if. I don't get what. I want everything that we're offering you today comes with a 60-day 100 satisfaction guarantee if after 60.

First of all. First of all if you have questions about it all you need to do is give us a call or send us an email and let us help you through the sticking points if after we've helped you through the sticking points you're still not getting the results that you were expecting if we're not over delivering all you got to do is pick up the phone give. Stephanie a call 858-282-4663 send us an email and we will literally refund every penny you invested if you're not getting the results we don't want your money we don't want your investment we want you to take it back and go find something that actually works for you. But.

I promise you when you apply these techniques you will be astonished is this better than stealth. CPI and actually yes. Stealth. CPI and killer influence start in the same place with the universal persuasion protocol.

But uh killer influence takes you into the realm of hypnotic operators which are things that don't rely on language such as the meta programs the cold reading the social hypnotic operators um the. LIE detection skills the personality profiling things these are extra things because there are times in life when you can't use rely on your language. So we give you a broader toolkit that you can apply anywhere right. And it comes with a 60-day 100 money back guarantee you have apps think about it for a moment you can try it for for 60 days if it doesn't work let us know we'll give you your money back you can keep the course right.

You can keep the course right. Now please don't screw us that way you know if the shit's working and you just want to get your money back don't be a right. We have a strong no. Policy.

But. Anyway. But like. I said you have absolutely zero um zero risk here uh.

Trevor saying. Obama type of influence would you guys like to know a funny a fun factoid you know there's a uh a. PDF floating around the internet that claims that. Barack.

Obama was using conversational and covert hypnosis in his speeches right. I challenge you to find a copy of that. PDF and look. In the footnotes you might be surprised whose name and what course you see there just saying.

I can either confirm nor deny that such a thing actually happened. But hey. Anyway 60-day money-back guarantee if you're not happy we're not happy we'll give you your money back you have absolutely nothing to risk and absolutely everything to gain all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com now let me give you a little heads up usually when we hit this point in the training people just. Stampede over to.

Stephanie and start calling left and right. All right. Um if the line is busy make sure make sure make sure that you leave your name and your contact information if you leave your name and your contact information you will qualify for any of the bonuses that we're offering if you uh just call and hang up and don't leave any contact information and call back. Later we can't offer you those bonuses okay.

So if you when you call please please please leave your contact information and you will qualify we'll get back to you within 24 hours. I promise you. Stephanie's amazing at helping people to um get their their situations resolved in the shortest amount of time possible another thing if you've bought some of these courses in the past that we're offering in this package we will let you swap out a course of equal or lesser value. So you can customize the package and not have duplication in your package right.

We're here to make sure that you get the biggest bang for your buck. So by all means click that link go to www.killinfluence.com forward slash go and core call. Stephanie at 858-282-4662-858-282-4663 okay. Um now if that wasn't enticing enough if everything.

I've talked about hasn't got you salivating to take your life to the. Next level if you grab your course for the end of tonight's webinar. October 26 2022 11 59 pm and specifically before. I log off the webinar we're going to include these special fast action bonuses because remember the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced.

I want you to be an action taker nothing happens until you get off your ass and actually do something starting with clicking the link and. Then actually doing the drills to get the skills that's why. I said this was an audience participation webinar if you get if you do the drills you'll have the experience and you'll have true confidence in what you're learning. So the.

First thing we're going to do is give you a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring practice remember. I said.

I'm going to give you access to an online community this is it on the. Third. Saturday of every month we get together in person or virtually and. I literally people log in.

I go around the room and. I say. Stephanie what do you want to learn. Seth what are you on.

Kevin what do you want to learn. Faith what do you want. Eric what do you want to learn right. And.

I write down what you want to learn about on the board. I step back. I look. At what everybody wants to learn about.

I see where they all connect. I create a lesson plan on the spot and. Then for the. Next five hours.

I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep. I break you up into groups. I have you practice with each other give each other feedback right. Every we've run that program every month for the.

Last 11 years right. We have videotaped and archived every single training session have them archived on our. NLP power website we have it archived in our private. Facebook.

Group and we have it archived at our platinum and. Diamond level membership on our. YouTube channel as a trial member of the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program for the three months you were part of that program you can participate in all the live sessions you can you can binge watch and have complete access to the entire 11-year archive everything from persuasion and influence hypnotherapy neuro-linguistic programming marketing dating attraction manifestation energy healing accelerated learning you name it if it has to do with the mind and the body it's in there right. You can binge watch to 10 11 years of video that for the most part has never been released anywhere it's not on. YouTube it's not in a product it's completely yours right. Um uh could tell me to ask a question.

But. I didn't catch it. So maybe she can ask it again um. Anyway you get it for three months if you love it after three months let us know we'll tell you how to become a long-term member if you don't like it at the end of three months your membership's done you've got some great people you met some great people who like to do cool stuff you learn some great stuff you got an opportunity to practice to get feedback from me as well as some really.

Advanced people and you've got skills that you can take out into the world and use right. Away you won't get a certification from. The. Mastermind what you will get is the most important piece.

Hands-On training that you can take out into the real world and use instantly and automatically to get exactly what you want is that is that useful right. If you think it's. I think it's useful. I'm a little biased though right.

That's fast action bonus number one total value it's a 1597 value we're going to give it to you free total combined value. So far is ten thousand seventy eight dollars all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go. But we're not going to stop there once again. I like to do things in multiples you're also going to get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this was a special program.

I designed for people who are completely impatient and want to learn how to get started fast the stealth stuff is actually an acronym it stands for stands for strategic suggestions through emotionally. Amplified linguistically triggered hypnosis or transmitted hypnosis this is going to take you teach you you can watch two videos and be hypnotizing other human beings in an hour it has videos on the most powerful language patterns that exist hypnotic anchoring uh. Criterion values elicitation uh lie detection instant and rapid inductions and there's a special six video set in there called instant influence um where you actually see me teaching these language patterns live at one of my early. NLP power meetups it's all there it comes with manuals transcripts and workbooks.

So you can actually do the drills and get the skills right. You can literally watch a couple hours of video and be out using this stuff right. Away. So for those of you who want a fast start this will get you there you take what you learned in this webinar combine it with this nobody will be able to resist you right.

Don't take my word for it test it right. It's a 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely 100 free when you grab your package total combined value if you were to buy these things individually on the website would be eleven thousand seventy five dollars obviously you're not going to have to pay that all you got to do is invest 997 or three installments of 397. now some of you have heard me talk about the power of live training and to me as good as this webinar package is it would still be my. Second choice compared to a live event and don't believe me ask the veterans about the difference between video and video is powerful. But the difference between being in a room with me for five straight days versus watching the video and this is why for the.

Next 21 people who grabbed this package today. I'm going to include a free. VIP ticket to our. Next five day killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis five-day certification boot camp live in.

Las. Vegas. January 24th through the 28th it's a 2250 value and you're gonna learn everything. I've talked about and a whole lot more because you're going to have me personally guiding instructing you and installing these things into you will embody these skills like it's nobody's business through five straight days of.

Hands-On training. I'm going to teach you how to control your emotional state how to emanate. Charisma on command make people like love and trust you how to hypnotize people during normal conversations and have them liking loving everything you say and doing salivating to do whatever you want them to do how to read anyone instantly and. Technology.

I'm sorry detect lies and. So much more. So much more it's a two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value total combined value if you were to buy it all on the website is 13 325 now let me explain a little bit about this special. VIP ticket this.

VIP ticket does not expire what does that mean let's say for whatever reason you can't make the training on. January 24th through the 28th all you got to do is pick up the phone let. Stephanie know send her an email we'll move you to another training this. Tech this training this this ticket does not expire if for some strange reason you want to give this ticket to somebody else you can do that right.

If we raise the price for the killer influence seminar down the road you don't pay anything you still get in for free if something comes up at the. Last minute where you can actually come to a training. But the training is sold out there's no. Room at the end if you have one of these special.

VIP tickets we'll make a seat for you we'll find a space for you we'll move you right. To the head of the line right. It never expires you don't use it you don't lose it until you use it the price never goes up it can't be canceled you can gift it to other people people absolutely love this course does it have to be paid in full before the course begins generally speaking we prefer to have at least two-thirds of it in the can uh before we allow you to attend. Stephanie will answer all those questions when you call if you need to again don't be afraid to ask.

Stephanie anything you want you're gonna hate me for saying that that's how it is two eight two four eight five eight two eight two four six six three eight five eight two eight two four six six two okay. Total combined value 13 325 you get it all for one low investment of 9.97 or three installments at 397. this is what you got my friends secrets of human influence home study course 2479 value. Weapons of. Mass instruction 1997 value we're going to give it to you free objection obliteration 1997 value that's right.

I get reframing by the way that's the old name we're gonna give it to you free. Charisma conversion 1997 value we're going to give it to you free. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program three-month trial one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give it to you free stealth instant conversational notices crash course 997 value we're going to give it to you free and of course the amazing killer influence.

VIP super ticket five-day certification boot camp live in. Las. Vegas. January 24th to the 28th at.

The. Orleans. Hotel and. Casino.

It's a two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value we're giving it to you free why because we want you in the freaking room we want you to take this course and kick ass with it we want you to go out into the world and get everything you want there's plenty there's there's a lot of prosperity in the world if you have the skills to ask for it to make people want to do what you want them to do don't take my word for it grab your course apply the skills if you're not satisfied use the 60-day return policy give us a chance to help you through the sticking points. But once again if this isn't if if. I'm not under promising what this will do for you um we'll give you your money back. So all you got to do is uh your when it's time to install it of 9.97 or free installments of 397 all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash.

Geo hopefully. I didn't screw up that. URL um www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go go go go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go now while a bunch of you are doing that okay. Um you're probably gonna have questions you probably want to get your orders processed stuff like that.

So here's what we're going to do. I'm gonna keep my promise team now we're going to take a seven minute break when we come back we are going to enter part three oh sorry about that um www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Joe um this is. I should never type what.

I'm trying to teach. So. I'll just. I'll just let uh.

Brandon and uh. Stephanie and. Ted and. Holly put the.

URLs in there go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go we're gonna take a seven minute break when we come back we're going to uh transition into part three of our webinar and this is the customization phase this is where we now drill down on the specific contexts that you want to learn about the areas are sticking points that you are having in your life that you would like a fix or a technique to conquer all right. It's we're going to take a seven minute break when we come back we're going to jump into more teaching more training more practice more experiences click your links now go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go go right. Now. So that when we get back when.

I get back from the break we can just jump right. Into training if you have questions make sure you call. Stephanie email. Stephanie.

But make sure you leave your contact information. So that she can make sure you qualify for all these bonuses now these fast action bonuses they they're gone when. I log off the webinar all the other stuff. I talked to.

I talked about before the fast action bonuses they're good till 11 59 pm tonight. But the. The. Mastermind training the stealth instant conversations notice crash course the.

VIP super ticket when. I log off the webinar they're gone period. So make your decision decide who you want to be click those links. I will see you in seven minutes congratulations to.

Anna. Dobbs for joining the killer influence family we have some special goodies in line for her when we see her. Next all right. For those of you who are waiting for the break to be over if you got questions how often will these five-day boot camps be done we do it in two two to three times a year killer influence is one of our primary core on-ramps into.

Planet. David. So we try to do at least two or three times a year. So if you miss your opportunity if you've got one of the.

VIP tickets and you miss your opportunity in. January you can probably pick it up um usually. I think we do one right. Around.

July or. August sometimes and. Then uh no. Gene we're still here right.

Um again some people just have a little uh low attention spans that's all right. Um. But yeah we do it uh two to three times a year um we try to we try to put a lot of time between the training just because um from killer influence people often decide where they want to go. Next and we want to make sure that you take the minimum number of courses to get where you want to get from where you are to where you want to be without laying out a lot of funds.

So we're very comprehensive conscientious that way um. So uh we have one quote versus how to protect myself from soaking low energies around you here we go we actually have a whole series of uh energetic and vibrational trainings that. Shield you from uh negative energies we just actually. I just talked my my mega.

Platinum uh 100 000 coaching clients are all at the retreat with me while. I'm doing this and we just taught uh two levels of energetic self-defense uh. Last night. So um they're all happy and feeling ultimately right.

Okay. We got a couple of. Nets. I think.

I just said this. But. I'll say it again how often will these boot camps be done like. I said before uh we do them two to three times a year uh usually at the beginning of the year uh the middle of the year and the end of the uh close to the end of the year um.

However one of those versions is is called defense against the dark arts it's a slightly different program it's designed to teach people how to protect themselves from persuasion. Predators narcissists sociopaths machiavellians dark. Triads dark empaths how to catch lies and detect lies how to conversational skills behavioral profiling things of that nature it's a derivative of the original killer influence class that we're teaching you right. Now um.

But sometimes we alternate between killer influence and defense against the dark arts. So you can expect to see it two to three times a year on average because it is one of our major uh prerequisites for a lot of higher level training. So. I hope that answers the question.

Tom. Moore says. I can't hear you hopefully we fixed that oh yeah. Gene.

I. I think yeah. I think. I just answered that question yeah okay.

Foreign as far as. I know there's no. Official certifying body for covert hypnosis. So.

I don't know what certification body you would want to present this material to a lot of hypnosis organizations do recognize our certificate. But. I don't know of any governmental agencies in. Canada that would be relevant to this certification if you buy a new website are all the bonuses included no.

It's only on it's a webinar only special if you have other questions. I would call. Stephanie directly because she can help you uh navigate the ins and outs of purchasing all right. Okay.

Let's see here all right. That's the end of that. So let's go ahead and looks like we're right. About ready we're just at the end of our break.

So let's let's let me live up to my promise let's start training now this is where once again we call this. I call. I'm starting to call this the customization phase why because this is where we take all the foundations that we laid in the. First part of the webinar the uh the playful curious explorational attitude everything human beings do is in response to a feeling the fastest way to control to change another person's emotional state is to change yours.

First um control your you know know your outcome control your state get. Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process link to their. Criterion values right. How to.

Echo the technique and why it's important the master valid the master. Echo sequence right. These are all things. I taught you in part one the universe the emotional bonding checklist or in your case the emotional motivation checklist.

So you can overcome procrastination instantly when you use this on yourself procrastination goes right. Out the freaking window the only thing that can slow you down um if you use this on yourself. ET signed up yeah welcome um. I think that's xen.

I'm not sure. But um is that. Etienne welcome aboard um. But.

Anyway. So these are all things oh. SP did okay. Um.

So these are all things that we taught you the emotional blinding checklist emotional motivation checklist and if you use it on yourself unless you don't have a skill set to implement what you want to do you're gonna just take off like a rocket because it's going to blow procrastination right. Out the window right. Because it. Taps into your biggest emotional drivers that lie underneath why you do the things you do right.

Everything that human beings do has a checklist and the checklist changes from. Context to context. But you have one even if it's for things you've never even considered wanting you have one right. That's the power of this your y opens your heart and allows you to create yeah in in many ways you're right.

Right. Um. So let's let's get started let's kind of drill down. So type in the chat for me what are you more interested what are you most interested in knowing about do you want to know how to make people like love and trust you in as little as three minutes do you want to overcome resistance to persuasion what what do you want to know about what context what what kind of skill set if you could put the cherry on the proverbial.

Sunday what would it be what do you want to know about type it in the chat what you want to know about okay. Foreign you teach. Can people really drain your energy and how can you cut that off yes. Absolutely people can drain your energy and if you understand energetic and vibrational techniques you conceal your energy field uh and harness your attention differently.

So that people can't drain it off of you uh part of that is part of your state control training uh in in day one of killer influence um let me see here let me see what else we got um let me make this bigger. So. I can see it uh what. NLP method technique would be the best and.

I sh and. I should use to actually change and influence my own personality character. Pedro start with uh start with your emotional bonding checklist. So figure out what it is you want to change what's important about changing it and why you're gonna and why and what you're going to have once you change it.

Then you might want to use uh one of the transformational. Triad techniques energy spinning. Magic. Frame or color breathing.

But if you want to go pure. NLP. Then uh either reframing or sub modality interventions are going to give you um the most direct way to change uh your belief systems okay. Um.

I recommend if you want to change personality and character that you uh you go and you you take the identity by. Design train see here let me see um let's see here thank you my friend you're welcome. Lori have you any tips on how to boost the ego. Lori that's a really interesting question.

I want to make sure that. I answer right. So if you can elaborate on what you mean by boosting the ego that would be helpful do you know. Rosa was cool.

I will thank you my friend which cuss covers the three magic questions uh killer influence 100 percent uh there is a smaller scaled down version in the stealth. CP now the stealth instant conversation those is. Crash. Course what is reframing it's it's conversational belief change if the.

Renegade reframing materials it's a way of changing a perspective on something through simple shifts in points of view right. There's 14 different ways that we teach. I'm going to give reframing. Catania that you can use on yourself and other people to get pretty much anything you want um transformational money checklist transmission.

Triad reframing and interventions yes. Okay. [Music] um have you any tips on how to boost ego. Then yes.

You'll get all the bonuses. I'm just eager to overcome weakness okay. So the. First thing to to look.

At is what's making you weak in the. First place is it fear is it uncertainty is it a lack of knowledge is it a lack of skill set the. First thing you want to do uh when you want to boost ego strength and. I think what you're talking about is how to boost confidence and certainty the.

First thing you want to do is educate yourself right. The. Second thing you want to do is cultivate an energy of. Relentless determination.

Relentless determination is the is the real uh success trait a lot of people think confidence is is uh the prerequisite for. Success it's actually not if you think about the times in your life when you had something had to get done and you had absolutely no. Confidence in your ability to get it done you'll find that happens more often than not. But it had to get done.

So you sucked it up you pulled down your big boy or big girl pants you did the job and you made it work anybody ever have that experience something came up you had absolutely no. Confidence in your ability to do. But it had to get done. So regardless of how fearful you were regardless of how much you didn't know you started and you figured it out and you got it done anybody ever have that experience let me ask you a question when did the confidence come when did the confidence come before or after after exactly that's why.

I'm very critical. I'm not always the most popular guy in the personal transformation world because. I. I believe in calling people on their there's a lot of people in the in the personal transformation world that are selling you confidence as a way to get everything you want and it's not confidence that gets you there it really isn't it's.

Relentless determination and that's why in identity by. Design and killer influence we spend a lot of time on that playfulness and relentlessness right. What what and see if what. I'm about to say resonates with you if it does type it in the chat what.

I have found for 15 years of peering into the hearts and minds of literally tens of thousands of people is that when people say they want more confidence what they're really saying is. I want to stop being afraid. I want to feel comfortable in the situation does this resonate with anybody type it in the chat if you think if that resume yeah. I want that voice.

I want that. The. Voice start with the. Killer.

Kelly. Bader says yep yep you see this is the thing is we we're buying apples under the term of oranges right. Confidence is just. Comfort confidence is just a sense of certainty with a combined with a lack of fear right.

That really doesn't get you there there are very few times in your life where you're ever going to be 100 confident. But believe me when. I tell you you can always be relentless if you just look. At a situation that you have no.

Idea how you're going to get that done. But you say to yourself. I'm terrified of this. I don't know exactly how.

I'm going to figure it out. But. God damn it. I'm gonna figure it out and you just put one foot in front of the other and you keep going and you pay attention and you modify and test and you change if you want to know the one characteristic that picks you think that separates.

Geniuses who are homeless to. Geniuses who change the world that's it never give up never surrender. Relentless determination now if you want. I have a.

I have a a definition of confidence that we use in. Planet. David and um you can you can adopt it if you want. But understand that my definition of of confidence actually includes relentless and.

So this is this is how we look. At it this is how we think about it confidence in the world according to. David is a sense of. Relentless determination combined with the expectance the expectation of a positive outcome a sense of.

Relentless determination combined with the expectation of a positive outcome to me that's how. I. Define confidence. But.

I will never. Define confidence um as comfort right. Because it it gives people a false sense of security as you go through life you're going to be faced with more situations that make you nervous anxious and fearful than anything else the fast track to becoming the best version of yourself is always on the other side of it when you can summon up an energy of. Relentless drive and determination to go forward no.

Matter what there's nothing in this universe that could stop you nothing and that goes to your state control training to reference. State control training and receiving seats don't. CPI estate control training that you get in identity by. Design.

So how do. I increase and exercise my. Relentless determination would you like to play with that would you like to have an exercise for helping you develop it would that be something you'd like to learn about all right. We're going to do an exercise together okay.

You'll learn more about this in in killer influence and you'll learn more about this as part of your your live training if you're driving don't do this go catch it on the replay right. If you are driving and you want to participate in this exercise what. I want you to do pull your car off to the side of the road into a parking lot put the car in park put on the emergency brake turn off the ignition take the key out put it off to the side make sure you will not be disturbed do not do this while you're operating any form of heavy machinery okay. I want you to close your eyes.

Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart. I just want you to relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounding here other than the sound of your voice assembly the sound of your natural environment or mine it's not going to disturb you it's not going to distract you in any way in fact all. I'm it's going to do is signal you remind you reinforce inside your mind body and soul the fact that you're completely safe that no.

Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter how deep inside you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions and obey my commands because you realize that everything. I say and everything. I do is for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I've asked you to focus all of your attentionology rise. I want you to close your eyes. Relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids.

I want you to keep relaxing here more and more and more until they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore when you're satisfied you're convinced they're. So relaxed they don't want to work anymore all. I want you to do is give them a quick tests just to be sure and stop testing let that level of relaxation flow from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart we'll step down now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I want you to use that amassed amazing imagination of yours wondering if you can imagine something from me. I'm wondering if you could imagine a place that was.

So empowering. So strengthening. So exciting and um safe and protected nurturing and nourishing in every way that no. Negativity of any kind could exist there for even a fraction of a.

Second without being immediately vaporized or turned into its opposite wondering if you could imagine what a place like that might be like now you don't need to type anything in the chat just imagine what it might be like what might you see in that amazing place what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell what you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you're truly safe strong empowered driven and. I'd like you to notice something that there's a place in your body for those amazing feelings start where they grow or they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it and as you do that look. At that spot with your inner eyes. Notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color colors might that be for you.

First impression whatever it is. I want you to take them on imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of empowerment and safety a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all threats all dangers you need or imagine while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body it's not in your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited.

Supply when you know you've got that breed those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or taken away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing and when you know you've got that.

I want you to just do something interesting for me. I want you to think back to a time in your life when there was something you absolutely wanted. I mean on a scale of zero to ten it had a lust factor of 127. and in that moment you made a decision that you were going to get it you were going to accomplish it you were going to achieve it no. Matter what and you've made a plan you put that plan into operation and no.

Matter what got in your way no. Matter how many times you had to change that plan you went over around through you modified you adapted and you just kept going until that moment you realized you got it you nailed it you're the winner you got what you were going for. I want you to remember that feeling of. Relentless drive and determination.

I want you to remember. I want you to see what you saw hear what you heard smell and taste what you smelled and you tasted in that moment most importantly if it's possible for you to do this right. Now. I want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment when you were absolutely determined to do it.

I. Want. You to. Breathe the way you were breathing and as you do that as you see what you see you hear what you hear you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste and you stand and you breathe in that energy.

I want you to notice there's a. Feeling of. Relentless drive and determination. Nothing.

Stops you nothing gets in your way over around through you modifying doubt you overcome. I want you to notice there's a place in your body where those feelings stuck where they grow and where they spread from you take a moment according to where you feel it now if you've never had an experience quite like that take a moment give yourself the freedom to imagine what that might be like what might you see when you're in that state what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's a feeling that you get there's a posture and a way of breathing that your body automatically takes on. I'd like you to notice something that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing. Relentless.

Unstoppable feelings. I'm curious. I'm wondering in your own mind what color of colors that might be for you. First impression whatever it is imagine a brilliant magnificent.

Unstoppable ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of. Relentless determination drive to succeed and win begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket a. Relentless drive and determination to win the and shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all despair all defeat all lack of motivation real or imagine at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding.

Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that breed those amazing colors through your entire beam let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluids those have a test tube like hot air healing fills up and move anchor it in. So forward. So completely no.

Force in the universe and turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to make it go away try to imagine somebody else trying to make it go away if you notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing and allow that energy to continue to grow to expand to become stronger and stronger with. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart that. Relentless energy begins to grow and expand and double and triple in size and strength double and triple in force and magic begins to radiate radiate radiate from your body like the. Rays of a. Relentless irresistible sun beaming that energy out into the world blowing away all obstacles all hindrances making you a juggernaut of.

Unstoppable to. Relentless determination to get what you want to do whatever it takes to go over around through to modify adapt and overcome take all the time you need to let that process take place to let it lock in completely when you know you've got it tested try to talk try to take it away notice what happens instead in a moment take all the time you need as. I continue to talk in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you can emerge from this process bringing all of these. Transformations modifications. Revelations updates upgrades with you personifying embodying them perceiving believing manifesting and achieving them in all the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions the drive to thrive is.

Unstoppable to do whatever it takes invest whatever is necessary time energy effort money whatever it is when you see something you want and you see the path to get there you do what you have to do not because. I say. So. But because you know in your heart of hearts that it's the right.

Thing for you and. Nothing. Stops you number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you one of the master keys is rewriting your reality number two all of my suggestions from me to you from. New.

Year on other than conscious mind are now 10 times more powerful 100 times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced held locked in to that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can. Implement facilitate. Express these changes in all the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions number three because my friends there's always at least three ways to overcome any situation on particular circumstance that you um that you face what was at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve in your all-powerful other than conscious mind well now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those. Solutions and.

Implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the bit of yourself ten dollars. So number four because it's all for you my friends you've made the effort you've made the journey you've made the investment you're following the instructions you're obeying the commands you're earning the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you get to live it to the fullest starting now on the. Next count you can emerge from this process.

Like a. Phoenix rising from the actions like a butterfly emerging from a cocoon one phase of your transformation complete the. Next phase the best phase just beginning ready to spread your wings take to the air is soar amongst the clouds to experience life the universe and everything in it from a much higher place a more enlightened perspective head clear mind clear heart clear thinking feeling acting with self-assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel that's one way to do it right. Let's just remind everybody that the offer expires when the fast action bonuses expire when.

I log off the webinar. So make sure that you grab yours before it's too late and just to remind you it's the secrets of human influenced home study course to 2479 value. Weapons of. Mass instruction home study course 1997 value you get uh.

Renegade reframing the art of conversation or belief change 1997 value we're going to give that to you free. Charisma and conversion uh 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program 1597 value absolutely free stealth instant conversations crash course 997 value free and of course the amazing all-powerful killer influence.

VIP super ticket five day a conversational hypnosis certification boot camp live training 2 250 value. January 24th to the 28th live in. Las. Vegas at.

The. Orleans. Hotel and. Casino.

Absolutely free total package value 13 325 dollars you can get it all for one small measly one-time investment in 997 or if you need help we can break that into three easy payments three easy installments of just 397. if all you've got to do to get yours right. Now is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go. Geo okay. One more time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go hold on a.

Second. I gotta let me start my my. PowerPoint here okay. When.

I do that sometimes things happen okay. That's good enough all right. Www.kellerinfluence.com forward slash go in case you in case my power plant blipped off too fast for you there let's go back to uh let me stop sharing the screen for a moment what else you want to learn about what'd you guys think of that did you did you get something out of that power to you. Eddie right.

On foreign if. I try to move. I'll scrape the walls. I love that my neck cracked and something we thought was amazing thank you you are very welcome again these are the powers here here's something.

I want you to this is going to sound kind of weird coming from me. But maybe not there's nothing special about me guys nothing there's nothing that. I'm doing with you today that you can't learn to do seriously. I'm.

I'm giving it all out there there are there are secrets. I'll be honest there are secrets. But. I'm not going to hold them back everything you've experienced with me you can do for yourself and you can do it for others if it's something you want to do not everybody wants to wear cool vests like this right.

But it's all learnable it's fast it's effective it will change your life you can't go back to being asleep after this. But. I can't help you if. I don't get in front of you either virtually or a person.

So please if you're experiencing the power of what we're doing you owe it to yourself to click that link get into the course get into the live training and let me work personally with you right. Just click the link if you have questions we'll answer it right. But um what. I want to do right.

Now because we have a little bit of time left what else do you want to know about what else do you want to learn about. I'm looking here. But all. I see is the people are people are still recovering from the induction that's all right.

Is. Eddie said is that. Edie says they're going to be a replay yes. In fact uh probably within an hour after this after this video is over.

YouTube should have something available to you. Laurie titman says. I boldly went where. I've never gone before perfect.

Teresa. Soto thank you. David. Kelly.

Bader says yes. There is. Edie says yes. Here's a link okay.

Uh. Kelly bear says you are very special thank you that's very sweet um that is the beauty of it we get to see the theory and. I absolutely absolutely um. David.

I will send an email okay. Faith release resistance to persuasion to these okay. Teach woo stuff this is not the place. Kevin some suggestions of people some suggesting people who do not visualize and cannot practice my hypnosis okay.

Um. Olivia. Olivier. I'm assuming.

I'm pronouncing that right. Can you elaborate on that are you like a fantastic that you can't see pictures or is there something else going helping people control their emotional states. Miriam that technique. I just gave you is exactly the same process.

I would use to help people train emotional states. So you could literally take that process and change them change the emotional content of it and do the exact same thing the fastest way to change your emotional state is to change your posture and change your breathing okay. Um let's see here release resistance to persuasion please okay. You guys want to learn how to get past resistance yes.

Or yes. Can you start using the light switch technique with your own suggestion just yes. You can. I would recommend that you focus on suggestions that enhance your ability to do the light switch technique.

But yeah you can theoretically do that that was. Moss asking again we love woo-woo we have other trainings for room trust me um. Miriam says excellent that's what. I was hoping yes.

Uh yes. And yes. Yes. And yes.

Yes. And yes. So oh it's okay. We'll go with resistance.

So. Trevor says. I want to expand my knowledge with depressed emotions other than hypnotherapy knowledge. I already have trauma resolution will do that it's going to teach you both classical regression skills and the holographic memory theory that we use to teach light-based regression techniques very powerful stuff um really really powerful okay.

So. Olivier says. I cannot see pictures in my mind either remember that's fine that sounds like a. Fantasia to me.

So it's very simple can you remember sounds can you remember smells and tastes and feelings just use those that's it you have five cortexes in your brain you don't need to do pictures. I had one lady um. I had one lady she was all factors she tried to do a picture she couldn't do it you started having to apply smells to things it was like dynamite right. Remember.

I used the visual system because it's the most common it's the it's the it takes up the greatest amount of uh real estate in the brain. But you have four others and they're just as powerful you just gotta choose to do them most people uh default to the visual system right. So close your eyes. Focus on smell sounds tastes and feelings and you can do every single thing that um that we did with the visual effect.

I'll tell you a quick story. I had a lady. I had a client not a client. But a student who came to our regression training uh just this past um month in.

Las. Vegas and her her husband was in the class and. I was talking about something called deathbed therapy how you deal with. I just lost my uh.

I just lost my mom's hold on a. Second. I'm getting too old for this guys uh there we go okay. You see.

I'm very natural in front of the camera. Anyway. So the student is um. I'm talking about death bed therapy which is a way to help people get over grief from the loss of a loved one uh many times this is because the the person died with things left unsaid unresolved what have you sometimes it's just a person needs a way to say goodbye again right.

So there's lots of different reasons to do death. But there. But most of the time it's because there's something that was left unset and. So as.

I'm describing this process and how it works um. Darren was his name he came up to my you know. I she's not part of the class. But.

I think my wife could really um benefit from this this technique would you be willing to do it on her and. I looked at her at him and. I said well she would be willing to um be a demo subject for the class that. I'd be happy to work with in that in that in that context and he says.

I'll go talk to her and he came back to me the. Next uh that evening he said. I talked to her and she said she's a little nervous. But she said okay.

So. I get her up on stage and we start going through actually one of the things that happened was um before we got to the the deathbed therapy which wound up going in a completely different direction. But there's a there's a moral behind this as. I'm guiding.

I. I she was. Brent she was surrounded by people she didn't know. So.

I wanted her to start to feel comfortable in the class and. So. I started running the class to exercises and drills kind of like the thing we did and she was feeling it. But she wasn't really in it.

So to speak and after talking to her a little bit um. I think. I actually brought her up and did this uh. I said well she wasn't getting a lot from the pictures right.

And. I said well listen to it if there was a feeling she wanted to get rid of. I said well listen to it what sound is it making and she starts describing the sound and. I said if you're higher line your unconscious mind could send you a sound a frequency a vibration a.

Feeling that would completely neutralize that that other sound that other feeling in your tummy what sound and vibration and feeling might it send you and she actually get predicted play that sound through the other sound and notice what happens and she went oh wow it's gone right. So what. I want you to to really it doesn't matter what your your sensory array sensor array is if you're not visual or you have a neurological issue that prevents you from using just use something else because. I promise you if your visual assistant is compromised the other four cortexes are going to amplify their sensitivity and become more powerful right.

It's just how we it's just how we're designed. So the mechanics are the same it's just you change the sensory modality and you can get a very powerful effect okay. I have one lady we were doing a pleasure uh conditioning through pleasure and we were doing a sub. Medallion invention we're playing with pictures you guys might have seen that and she was having a really strong responses and.

I said now turn up the sound she went oh she had an orgasm right. In the middle of the room right. You have this power inside of you it's just something that nobody's taught you how to tap into it and sometimes when you're presented with a technique if it's asking you to use a sensory modality that you're not good at you think you can't do it. But you can't you just change the cortex of the brain that you're using right.

Um does that make sense does that is that useful let me know otherwise. I'll just shut up okay. Excellent okay. So um let's talk about resistance to persuasion every now and.

Then you're gonna run up against someone who doesn't want to do what you want them to do usually because you haven't run the emotional bonding checklist or the universal persuasion protocol on them. But every now and. Then people are going to be in a situation or circumstance where they just don't want pardon me they just don't want to do what you want them to do we have a process called the resistance removal formula and this is a conversational framework that causes people to instantly generate their own reasons for wanting to do the exact thing they just told you they didn't want to do okay. It's really simple let me just.

I want to. I want to erase some of my highlights here. So. I it's not all messy all right.

I think that's as good as. I'm gonna get let me share my screen faith says that is. Magic it can be let me tell you something there is. Magic in the world.

But the magic is in you you bring the magic the mad you are the magic it's just that nobody's taught you how to get to it. But it's there it's been with you since before you were born and if you have them mapped to the nervous system and you understand the. Dynamics you can create pretty much any change you want right. So are we ready to work with uh let me see we've got people with raised hands here and these are all the same questions okay.

You guys ready to play with resistance a little bit yes. Or yes. Excellent all right. So the way this works is when somebody says.

I don't want to do something the. First thing you have to do is restore their sense of personal autonomy in other words there's a type of resistance people have called reactants reactants is. I call it the you factor it's this initial hesitance or the digging in of the heels or the or the pushback that we experience anytime we perceive an attempt at being influenced that we didn't ask for. So if.

I get somebody who's big and strong up here and. I do this. I give them a push their their. First instinct is to it's either root down or push back that's reactants it doesn't matter what my intentions are if.

I try to influence somebody that in a way that they didn't ever try to give somebody your advice that they didn't ask for right. Was it was it accepted eagerly or did they just smile say thank you and basically do what they were going to do. Anyway right. So exactly this is a this is a very common phenomena.

So one of the things you have to understand is that most people when you try to convince them to do something they don't want to do realize you're trying to convince them to do something they don't want to do right. We call that a loss of personal autonomy. So the. First thing that you have to do to get somebody to legitimately sincerely generate a valid reason for wanting to do the thing they just said they didn't want to do is you have to actually make it okay.

For them not to want to do it you have to restore their sense of freedom of choice and autonomy and you have to convince them that you're on their side okay. So a lot of times people will come in every now and. Then. I get someone who wants to quit smoking or quit marijuana.

But they're not there because they want to quit they're there because somebody in their immediate family wants them to quit or they're a doctor wants them to quit or their sister wants them and they're just busting their stones to get them to quit right. So the. First thing you have to do is you have to say hey doors closed if you don't want to quit smoking. I'm okay.

With that fact when those doors close and it's just you and me. I'm your. Advocate. I'm your friend.

I'm here to help you get what you want not what your mother wants not what your wife wants not what your kids want or your boss wants or your doctor wants. I'm here to get what you help you get what you want if you don't want to quit smoking. I support that in fact. I'll help you enjoy smoking more right.

If if you if you want to just sit here and look. At me for an hour and make people think that it didn't work. I'll do that for you too right. If you don't want to quit.

I'm not here to make you do anything you don't want to do. But. I am curious about something seriously. I mean this in all honesty if you were to want to quit smoking right.

Not for your mother's reasons or your wife's reasons or the reasons your doctor is giving you or your kids if you were to want to quit smoking for your own reasons honestly why might you want to quit smoking why might you want to do that and they'll say for real oh yeah well honestly is kind of expensive and um when. I play with my kid my grandkids uh. I do kind of get short of breath it'd be nice to be able to you know play and not not want to pass out. So.

So it's kind of expensive and you get kind of short of breath when you play with your kids and it'd be nice not to pass out is that right. Yeah yeah absolutely okay. Okay. That's cool.

So let me ask you a question just. So. I understand you better on a scale of zero to ten how much might you want to play with your grandkids without getting you know winded oh dude uh it's like six really six why. So much why why didn't you rate that less why do you want that.

So much well because it's my lungs man it's my kid my grandkids. I love them. I want to play with them. I want to be there for them.

I want to be around when they graduate from from college you know not being a ground duh cool. So. I'm curious what's the. Next step you and.

I need to take to move that forward how soon do you want to get started all right. I guess we go ahead and do the session and get this done let's do this got it the. First step in getting people to want to do what they just said they don't want to do is to make it okay. For them to not want to do and convince them of it if you don't do that they're going to paint every word that comes out of your mouth as having an agenda okay.

Would you guys like to play with this a little bit with me yes. Or yes. Okay. So.

But before we do the. Next group exercise. I just want to remind you that this is the. Last call okay.

Um for those of you who are on the fence this by the way we teach this in the killer influence training for those of you who are on the fence this is the. Last call for the fast action bonuses and all the goodies that go with it this is the secrets of human influence home study course it's a two thousand four hundred seventy nine dollar value before we add in all the free bonuses. Weapons of. Mass instruction neuroscience and storytelling.

Secrets 1997 value we're going to give it to you free. Renegade reframing the art of conversational belief change 1997 value of giving it to you free. Charisma and. Converse conversion 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program an 11-year training archive 1597 value we're gonna give it to you free stealth instant conversations versus. Crash. Course 997 value we're going to give it to you free and of course for those of you who want the real deal you want to functionalize embody all of this get the a to the killer influence.

VIP five day covert hypnosis certification boot camp we're giving you a free. VIP ticket to two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value and it's absolutely free if you can't make the. January training let us know we'll move you to the. Next one if you can make it we're going to give you a front row seat and you can absorb this material like there's.

Nobody's. Business total package value 13 325 you get it all today right. Now for one small investment of 9.97 and if you need help you need a little extra time you can break that into three easy installments at just 3.97. all you got to do right. Now is click that link www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killinfluence.com forward slash go one more time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go when.

I log off the webinar the fast action bonuses the. VIP ticket the stealth instant conversation this is crash course you know they've got a mastermind mentoring uh trial they go away the rest are available until 11 59 pm tonight. But you miss out on the ticket. So if you want it click it now get in there if the line's busy or the the website's taking a little too long keep clicking and call.

Stephanie at 858-282-4663. So she can get back to you now as we do this we're gonna do we're gonna do this exercise together okay. So you can think of something that ordinarily you don't want to do okay. Or think about what's holding you back from clicking that link and getting this course for yourself right.

Now. I want you to close your eyes. And realize that. I'm on your side that whatever you want to do.

I'm going to support that right. If you want to work on something that you've been procrastinating on it because you simply don't want to do it in your life. I'm going to support your ability to not do it. I support you right.

If you want to buy if you don't want to buy this course. I support you in that right. But. I am curious as you think about it if you were to want to do the thing that you've been telling yourself and everybody else that you really don't want to do for your reasons not mine not the chat peoples not your mom not your dad not your sister not your brother not your wife not your your kids if you were to want to do it for your own selfish reasons why might you want to do that answer that out loud for him you don't have to type it in the chat just answer it out why might you want to do that and.

I'm curious. So. I understand you better if you were to want to do that. I'm curious on a scale of zero to ten why might you want to do that just say it out loud and.

I have to ask why. So much why is this. So important to you why didn't you made it less notice what happens in your mind as you speak the reason and thinking about it like that what's the. Next step you need to take to get moving on that type of the chat where you noticed as you went through that process foreign what happened to your desire to not do it what happened to your job to do it resistance went to zero okay.

Anybody else you're all processing foreign. So much value in anything you know often. Dr. David.

Teresa says. I'm feeling very fidgety ah there you go what happened to your desire to do the thing you just regardless of how low the number was when you when you when you named it and. Then you had to defend your reason for why it was. So much what happened to your desire to do it how many of you noticed that your desire went up anybody.

So the the sequence is very simple if you restore personal autonomy it shot through the roof. Teresa what's happening to me you're playing with your magic that's a good thing now click the link right. If you were to. So the protocol let me.

I'll just show it to you we'll read it to you and. Then we'll we'll put a cherry on tonight. Sunday um this is what the protocol looks like and again we teach this far more in depth with a lot more variations in the killer influence training [Music]. So.

First of all you've got to neutralize reactants you do that by restoring personal autonomy the protocol is if you were to want to do. X whatever. X is why might you want to do that and. Then what you do.

Master. Echo sequence validate. Echo ask again on a scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that they're going to give you a number from 1 to 10. oops okay. What do you do you.

Echo validate and ask again ten or nine wow that's amazing why. So much why didn't you rate it less they're going to give you a reason you validate you. Echo you soften. So.

I'm curious why. So much why didn't you rate it less whatever they say you validate you. Echo you ask again what's the. Next step we need to take to move forward whatever they say you validate you.

Echo you ask again how soon do we need to get do you want to get started. So there's your protocol right. There this is a protocol that will easily allow you let me make it even smaller that will easily allow you to turn things that people do not want to do things that they've said they do not want to do and get and have them generate a reason that they will accept for why they would want to do it feels like embedded commands. But it's not it's not embedded commands at all.

But it is reactants it's reactants in the direction you want them to go okay. Remember this is the most important thing and we'll talk about this more killer influence remember the rationalization that gets challenged only grows stronger. So. I try to argue and and logic you into something.

I may beat you into rhetorical submission. But. I won't capture your heart your heart will not be in what. I want you to do and.

So you'll get passive aggressive behaviors reactants foot dragging buyer's remorse you name it when you apply this process you're actually flipping the script on a natural resistance and reactance mechanism when people generate a rationale for why they might want to do something even it was like they said they didn't want to do the moment they have to defend it their desire to hold on to that point of view go stronger it's like reframing. But you're using the reactant mechanism inherent in the autonomic nervous system to flip the script on them does that make sense okay. Any questions about anything we covered tonight has this been useful helpful all right. Well.

I want to thank you all for coming this is your. Last chance to click that link [Music] um you have www.kellyinfluence.com forward slash. Geo pots have you ever had someone with pots it sounds familiar. I think.

I'm thinking of. Crips uh what does pot stand for uh. Jerry all right. All right.

Very good all right. So listen in the words of the immortal calibernet. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song it seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long good night my friends. God bless click that link meet me in. Vegas. Meet.

Me. Online and let's kick some persuasion apps good night. God bless go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash.
