Title: p7GaEJFR1Fs.txt
Video Id: p7GaEJFR1Fs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7GaEJFR1Fs

It's a course that um is much needed especially now that uh people are a little bit shy going out uh this is a test uh we're doing a hybrid uh event with uh live of live folks as well as uh. Zoom room attendance. So while we're waiting for people to filter in those of you in our. Zoom.

Channel if you guys going to type in what is it you want to take away from our our training today what what is it you want to learn if you could if uh the. Next two and a half to three hours that we spent together was worth all the hustle and bustle to sit in front of your. Zoom room and and uh and and. Come.

Away with something useful what might that be what is it you want to learn while you're doing that. I'm going to go with our our live attendees and just ask the same thing what's your name again. Anthony what is it you want to take away from today what's what's on your menu for today to do what specifically do we have the mic ring for him different mic for him okay. Okay.

And how about you what's your name go. Patty welcome go. Patty. H know.

I know. Patty you didn't want to appear on camera less notified. So we won't show your beautiful face oh no. I just wanted to know when they were going to play it on.

TV. So what oh well that's a we'll see what we can do with that. Patty what do you want to take away today what do you want to learn well. I want to learn how to flirt you want to learn how to flirt all right.

You don't know how to flirt why do. I get the feeling. I'm about to get played here all right. All right.

Learn how to flirt it's interesting you know. I like when. I whenever. I teach attraction and.

I've been teaching it for a long long time and for for many years my my demographic skewed primarily male obviously um. But as time went on uh we we started to get more and more of a balance between male and female uh attendees and one of the things. I. I evolved to was.

I. I never wanted to teach a class that was all male or all female. I always wanted to have a co-ed audience because. I think it's really really important that both genders no.

Pun intended are exposed to how the other side perceives the things that that the messages that they're sending out because one of the things that happens is there's a massive even though a lot of times men and women want the same things they might want them in a slightly different order and some of that comes to genetics and biology other parts of it come to terminology they have different words for the same thing and. So by understanding the map the romance map or the attraction map or the social interactiveness map of the other gender it's easier to make the translation now before we get any deeper into um these. Concepts let me be very upfront and very honest with you once you learn how to do these things the onus the the the task of doing something different falls on you and the reason for that is because you're educated you see people. But who don't know any better can only run on their own program by definition they can't do anything different and.

So you have to be the one to adapt and change you have to be the one to translate the the what what you're seeing back and forth now in. NLP which is is where a lot of this material that. I or started with came from or was filtered through we have this these. Concepts that are very very important when we're dealing with human communication social interaction and the.

First one is the response of any communication is equal to the or the the meaning of any communication is equal to the response it creates in other person. So if. I walk up to. Patty and.

I say you look. Amazing today and she looks at me and says you fascist misogynist bastard how how dare you insult me like that who's right. How about. I just say thank you that's much better.

But my point is is that by definition by the standards of. NLP the way we parse and understand communication her that whatever definition she applies to my message is the correct one now that really infuriates a lot of people right. But this is the thing you need to understand human beings don't have the same lexicon they don't have the same interpretations and meanings to things and. So many times what you intend to send out isn't what people receive and the the the most basic if you guys have ever how many people ever been a little kid you ever play that that game telephone or telegram where you know you you whisper a secret in somebody's ear over here and.

Then they whisper it down by the time you get to the back of them it's completely different that's literally happening whenever. I talk face to face because there's. So many filters in a person's nervous system and. So many references that they're making that the meaning keeps changing every time it passes through a filter now the good news is if you have the ability to see and perceive you can there the person will give you.

Clues as to whether they're moving towards or accepting your message the way you intended it or something different is getting ready to come out right. But that take that's training too right. And. So um.

Edward what do you want to learn today um oh like more of the profit side okay. More of the profit side and. I like that because um let me explain to you a little bit about oh no. The re the the the name of the class is flirting for.

Fun and. Profit now why why would now that's it's it's a provocative title. But the question is why did. I name it that and this is again the world according to.

David. So you can ex if the things. I say to you mesh and seem to work for you use them if they don't throw them out find something that does. But one of the things.

I discovered for myself many many years ago was that the template for all human social interactions actually evolves from the what. I call the mating dance or the 1 plus one equals three scenario man plus woman equals baby and that whole dating. Dynamic that whole mating. Dynamic actually forms the archetype of many of our other interactions and especially on a professional level you think about a man and a woman coming together to create a family and a child think of two business people coming together to create a product or a business or a service or two negotiators coming together to form an agreement many of the same parallels and principles and.

Body. Language cues are at play if you how many people ever heard of something called social engineering okay. For those of you who don't know what social engineering is you all know know what a hacker is right. Well how do hackers get access to systems one way is obviously through the hardware itself in other words hacking in.

But the biggest hole in any any security company will tell you the biggest hole in any. Corporation is the human element. The. Gatekeepers and this is where social engineering.

AKA schmoozing and flirting and pretexting come in the more. I can make somebody like me the more comfortable. I can make them feel around me the more likely they are to give me a little bit more slack the more slack they give me the more likely they are to give me a little bit more the better. I make them feel right.

This is why you always send secretaries flowers right. You always shoo. The. Gatekeepers why because they can make sure that your message gets in front of the right.

People that's what they do. So if you're at a networking function right. The same rules apply everybody's at a networking function trying to be memorable trying to find the right. Person to to do a deal with or or to bring in customers if you understand how to make somebody feel good about themselves they'll automatically feel good about you okay.

Now that's the. First thing we're going to talk about is called the the the rule of friendship this is um this was a a law called uh the coined by. FBI and counter. Espionage agent by the name of.

Jack. Schaefer and it's really really simple people like people who make them feel good about themselves yes. The question is what do you do about that become aware of of it and. Then.

I'm going to show you ways that in spite of themselves people are going to find you irresistible okay. But this is the. Crux of everything that we're going to do now in the context of actual romantic flirting flirting is the promise the the the feelings of. Attraction with the the possibility that there might be a sexual encounter or romantic encounter on the end.

But it's not ever a promise the idea is you need to have a fun playful energy this is where we're going to start in terms of learning how to make people feel good for no. Reason. So one of the things. I want to share with you really quickly.

U let me see if. I can find my uh my list there's a chart or a diagram. I want to share uh. I got to figure out where.

I put it okay. This is called the universal persuasion protocol this is a template that you can insert into any social interaction and it's literally this. First do this. Then do this you can take a picture of it it's fine.

Then do this. Then do this. Then do this. So it starts with knowing your outcome knowing what you want to go for.

So if. I'm gonna if if we're going to use flirting or the techniques of flirting or creative connection charismatic connection to make somebody feel good about thems that has to be my outcome when. I create that now remember we're learning to think strategically there's a lot of people out there that think things like romance and love and boyfriends and girlfriends and other friends because we have we live in the age of. Weird pronouns and non- pronouns and things of that nature right.

Um and these techniques are applicable regardless of what your orientation is um one of the things that we have to do is we have to match a person's map of what they find attractive okay. We do that by. First knowing the outcome in other words okay. I wan to.

I want to make this person feel really good about themselves. So they'll feel good about me how do. I do that how do. I measure that you have to learn to think and outcome oriented.

So getting closing loop. I just opened a lot of us think that these relationships if they don't just happen that they're not real okay. Let's think about that for a moment that's like saying okay. I want to bake a cake here are all my ingredients if.

God me if it's meant to happen it'll come out of cake right. That's what we're thinking though because there certain. Illusions and certain paradigms that we're saw with one is the whole faded. Paradigm they're faded of soulmates okay.

The fact that you can engineer these things is actually really good if you get if you get that whole. Bugaboo that if it if. I have to work for it it's not real right. All relationships need work.

I have a whole class called soulmate. Secrets which is nothing about finding out what really is your romantic partner template the whole. Crux of that that that course is about finding out who you are what makes you happy and becoming that within yourself. So that you're not running around looking for somebody else to do it for you you need to become the partner that you want to attract right.

So we're going to talk about templates and checklists very very shortly. But one of the things we have to do is we're going to we're going to use we're going to use their checklists and a lot of other neurolinguistic and and. So social psychological processes to create this phenomenal on. But we need a way to measure it we need to know what we want and how we know that we're getting it yes.

So wouldn't you say a person would really need to love themselves like themselves before they even go out and kind of well it depends on what you're looking for okay. One of the thing in soulmate. Secrets which is of course about it's kind of like it's on the spiritual romantic side of things because everybody a lot of people um they keep meeting the same person with a different face and the reason that happens is because they have templates and woundings from childhood from previous. Partners from their parents and their parents parents that are are actually driving what they find attractive not because it's attractive.

But because it's familiar and this is one of the things that we need to really understand if we want to start to to generate attraction there are many different ways to generate attraction one of the most common ones is what we call the familiarity principle how many times have you read a story about some rich. Orange. County person or sleep with the. Milkman or the pool person right.

And maybe they're not even that cute right. But they keep. But they see them every single day and what's what's been shown is that frequency increases attractivity the more somebody even if they don't if on a scale of one to 10 you're a solid five or six if you show up every day for six months it's going to climb up to a seven it's going to climb up to an eight it's again it's the long term. But these are things that hack the nervous system this whole frequency idea now do we want to wait 6 months well.

I don't know. But the idea is the more things become familiar the more attractive they become and that's the. Bugaboo when we're dealing with the human nervous system the templates that are driving our romantic bus have been with us since the time we came out of the room your human nervous system sorts for what's familiar what was there. First okay.

Your values are going to evolve from that. But there will always be this gravity towards what you grew up with or what was familiar growing up soulmate. Secrets is about okay. This is what.

I want this is what. I'm getting how do. I make that transition what changes inside of me do. I.

I need to make to become that person and what are the qualities in my partner and how will. I know that. I'm getting it and that brings us to something called the checklist okay. You see at the center of this diagram let me just go through this real quick.

So we we talked about knowing your outcome knowing what you want now. I have about 35 personal injury attorney clients who use the exact same stuff. I'm teaching you to depose witnesses to win to do jury selection to do negotiation and mediation. I literally have seen on video expert.

Witnesses for my clients's opponents voluntarily trying to wave their attorney client privilege to answer my. Cent my students questions because of these. Technologies there's nothing here that's theoretical the good news is it's 100% ethical. But it's only as ethical as the person using it there's if you use the system the way it's t taught you never need to lie cheat steal misrepresent or confabulate in any way now there are systems out there where where truth is kind of an nice idea right.

But those are mostly for military and. Espionage applications okay. Right. This can be used for that.

But it wasn't designed that way it was designed to be on the on the right. Side of of ethics and honesty and integrity that being said it does make use of some extreme powerful neurological processes and psychos psychosocial processes. So. I want you to understand it's fun and it's free and.

I want you to take this out and use it some of this stuff you're gonna you're going to hear me say and you're gonna go you're full of best part is you don't have to believe anything. I'm telling you just use it right. And you'll find that all of your relationships will change even ones you've had for years okay. So the.

First thing is know your outcome know what you want know how you're getting it. Next is control your state now this is this is my good friend here is a. Chiang person and one of the things that we talk about in. The.

Chiang world is you have these three bodies right. You have your your soul your. Eternal. Soul.

Then you have your physical body right. Then you have your energy body. Then you have your spirit body your physi your physiology controls your psychology. So anything that changes what happens in your body changes what happens in your mind which takes it from the physical form to the energy form to the to the spiritual form that's where they all meet right.

You said that. So fast which part psychology okay. Your physiology controls your psychology right. I've been saying this for decades.

So uh it is and and one of the things that we're going to talk about is we want to make people we want to move through the world making everyone we meet feel ridiculously good about us okay. Now here's the the. Cory to physiology controls the psychology the fastest way to change anybody's body feelings is to change yours. First fastest most reliable way to change your feelings is by changing your posture and your breathing come on in don't be bashful right.

You look. Familiar have you been to my meetups before yes. I remember all right. Um what's your name again.

Cynthia welcome um let me go back to menu for today and. I love questions. So don't be bashful uh. I.

But. I will warn you the more questions. I get asked the more rabbit holes. I tend to go down.

So um. Cindy what do you want to learn today what do you want to take away from today's class a new man why not sorry. I had a had a old cartoon moment nothing in particular. I just okay.

All right. So this is if if we could sum what we're doing up in terms of uh. NLP speak this would be rapid fire deep level rapport right. And here's the thing you understand about.

Rapport whether we're talking about energetics whether we're talking about romance whether we're talking about negotiation mediation networking therapy the deeper the. Rapport the more things are possible energetically if. I want to influence your your whole system the more. I can get energetically in rapport with you the more influence.

I have over that system because the system stops thinking of me as something different or separate and that's where really cool things can happen. So. So physiology controls psychology we want to move through the world making people feel ridiculously good the fastest way to change a person's body feelings is to change yours. First.

So let's play with that. First and uh there's there's a fund drill that. I'm. G to.

I'm going to give you guys um when we go out to interact with people we've got to get our state right. So that's what this little model is about controlling your state when. I from let me give you a little bit of a background about where a lot of this material where. I got started.

I don't really hide the fact that a lot of the things. I learned um were were came from the dating and seduction fields of the early 2000s and things of that nature because. I never wanted to be a therapist um when. I when.

I was. First learning about these kinds of things there were only three things. I wanted in life. I wanted to get chicks kick butt and be cool and because.

I didn't have the answer to any of those. Pro those questions. I became pretty fanatical about finding ways to solve my problems and that's why. I'm sitting here today is because.

I had to sift through a lot of crap sit through a lot of seminars read a lot of books and. Then test a whole lot of stuff to figure out what actually works and. I don't feel like. I have to take a shower after using it because there are some things that.

I studied that. I studied with both very famous teachers and very. Infamous teachers and and one of the things that happens is people leave an imprint psychic imprint for lack of a better word on the techniques and the systems that they that they create. So one of the things that became very very obvious is that people need to get their feel their body feelings under control before they engage with people now how do we do that posture and breathing how many people here have ever heard of a.

Woman by the name of. Amy cudy okay. Your. First homework assignment is to go to go to.

YouTube. TED. Talks find power poses by. Amy cuy it's an amazing talk uh.

Professor cuy is an amazing researcher uh and she's actually done the scientific validation of the things. I'm going to share with you now in my corner. I was teaching that stuff back in the early 2000s her her material came out around 2010 2012. But she's done the hard science.

So here's what it is if you take any particular physiology assuming you know what that physiology is or what it unlocks and you hold it for at least two minutes the hormonal balance and your psychoemotional. States will change to the point where you can actually calibrate it through a blood test like if. I take a basic. Victory pose when when people even blind when they when they win they go it's just hardwired into us right.

If. I take this pose and. I hold it for as little as two minutes it's going to cause a chain reaction in my system that changes my hormonal balance it changes my body feelings and because of that it's going to activate something in your body known as a reticular activating system studying about that yeah okay. The reticular activ system.

Raz for short is a part of your neurology that controls what you pay attention to and the meanings you assign to it. So if. I go into a room and. I'm feeling great.

I'm feeling. Victorious. I'm feeling powerful if there are eight things in that room that are negative and two things in that room that are positive because. I enter that room in a positive triumphant.

Victorious. State guess what. I'm going to psychologically and and attentionally. Orient on.

First the positives. So if. I can tap into that state everything about my. Consciousness changes now this how does this apply to dating most people and when we're talking about dating or or approaching for that and we'll talk a little bit about the.

Dynamics of that both both genders want to be approached. But they have different. Hang-Ups and different fears about the approach men are terrified of getting rejected right. When they see an attractive woman they're like you can you can you can feel them psyching themsel up.

I'm the greatest lover in the world. I'm the greatest love in the world. I'm greatest love in the world. I'm greatest love in the world and.

Then they go to make you. Pro [Music] like she's got interested. Anyway right. Yeah okay.

Takes you by surprise throws you outside your map right. Like dress that y that you're old school right. But we'll fix that. So now why why why does it become that way it's because even though the guy in the corner consciously trying to build up his energy the reason he has to build up that energy in the.

First is because he's been running shitty movies for the past 20 minutes before that of all the times he got rejected made fun of emasculated right. All the things that he's running he's screwing up he's running movies that's changing his body feelings which change his posture and now he's running on pure willpower and. Then he gets within proximity beautiful women have a tendency to knock us off our game. Anyway you just automatically throw us into less than resourceful.

States unless you unless you've been doing it a long time now women want to be approach. But they've been sold to bill of goods too you see there's in certain and again this may be different with some of the younger. Generations. So please for everything.

I give you you can find an exception we're not here to talk about exceptions we're here to talk about generalized templates that we can apply overlearn and. Then we have the bandwidth to focus on the things that are different women two gaps in their socialization one is they're taught times to use body language that doesn't signal to the person that they're attracted to that they're attracted to them maybe maybe you remember maybe you were taught this maybe you weren't were you taught and. I don't know. I'm just asking that if you're attracted to a guy or a girl don't make eye contact with them okay.

But. I bet you don't have. But. I bet you don't have.

Pro. I bet you don't have trouble making contact with a guy you're not attracted to. I boom there's the. First one you got to flip the script on that okay.

If there's somebody you're not attracted to don't make eye contact the studies are there the longer you have eye contact with someone the more attracted they'd come. I'll pull up a book. On. Amazon.

But they've done studies at different universities with. I they back in the like 90s and early 2000s they would literally have eye gazing parties where people get and they would just stare into each other's eyes. For like an hour kind of creepy if you ask me. But.

But these are the things that we need to understand. So the. First thing when it comes to approach and and attractability is you make eye contact with the people you are attracted to and avoid eye contact with the people you're not. But we're not taught that and.

So the default many times creates the inverse of what we're going for right. Many women also when it comes to being approached they they they get nervous about the approach not because they don't want you to approach. But because they're afraid of the that you won't leave because what happens is a lot of times guys are. So focused on on on trying to get with somebody woman's sending off all kinds of subtle cues go away this not detour this way not not interested right.

Now every woman in the place watching that interaction knows she's not having it whatever every guy in the place is going hell he's doing. So good why because you have different sorting mechanisms women as a byproduct of their evolution have developed this amazingly powerful social radar right. You can you can have a single guy standing in a group of women talking and at some unbeknown moment every woman in the group knows the conversation is over and they're gone and our hapless hero is like. I'm alone how did that happen right.

So one of the things that we as men have to do is we have to train to get up to what women are what women are aware of naturally now because of the. S the degree of subtlety in their perceptual rate. I'm not here to be. Pro women or anti-men or or anti-men and pro women we need to understand the dis the differences about and the way the world is.

So that we can make it what we want it to be one of the other big problems is there's a gap in many women's socialization and. I think it's probably gotten worse now after the hashtag me to movements and everything else men are. So worried about stepping on a landmine that they won't. Approach at all.

So what happens is the people who wind up making approaches are the jerks in the sociopaths the people who don't care about your boundaries which again is is not your fault you've been sold a bill of goods in terms of positive social skills and positive body language body language of. Attraction you see the challenge is that because of the kind of body and and. I should. I should put this caveat out there the body language of shyness mirrors the body language of aloofness which is equivalent to being a snob and because human beings have an inherent negativity bias in other words if one good thing happens my nervous system assigns a gravity of one if a one bad thing happens my nervous system assigns a gravity of four power of bad by.

Boy bomb go check it out. I'm going to give you a very long reading list now why is that important to dating or flirting or whatever a because of the inherent negativity bias of the human nervous system if somebody's in a bad mood they automatically see you through that filter it's just something you're going to have to be aware of. So you know how to manage it right. We're going to talk about something very shortly called positive eye contact certain body language cues that as you're moving through the world you can sort for or initiate that lets you know where a person's at in terms of willingness to interact right.

So we'll put a pin in that for right. Now. But one of the things that women have to learn how to do is. So a lot of times if they don't make eye contact or the person comes up and you just blow smoke in their face or something like that they they go away.

But sometimes when they're in an interaction about halfway through that interaction woman realizes this this isn't happening this is not a. Rel an interaction. But she doesn't know how to get out of it why because more often than not she's given all the subtle cues that every woman in the place would pick up on. But our our hapless hero who who doesn't have the same social sensitivity doesn't perceive them if he knew she didn't want to talk he would leave.

But he doesn't perceive it. So he thinks he's doing okay. Because he hasn't been kicked into nuts yet metaphorically or literally speaking. So at the beginning we know women know how to handle that interaction.

Then a lot of women when they get to the. Midway through the interaction when they realize it's not going to go anywhere there's a a piece missing from their extraction action process they don't know how to extricate themselves from the interaction without lapsing into mode or with by pres or preserving the guy. So you've ever had that you're talking to a woman you think you're doing all of a sudden she just becomes the ice queen right. Why because you missed all the subtle cues that she was sending out she didn't have anything left in the in in the gun except mode it wasn't your fault except it was because you didn't pick it up ladies it wasn't your fault because you're both moving through the world remember.

I talked about checklists each of you has a checklist that determines how you know what you're getting is good or not good how many have ever heard of the psychological phenomenon known as projection okay. Projection says if. I'm angry or somebody hurt somebody me. I'm going to.

I'm going to project it on you and make you the the perpetrator each. IND every one of you is moving through the world with a little checklist and you're projecting that out into the world and you're making the assumption that everyone you meet has the exact same checklist and when they're check when the things they do because they're we're all operating from our own checklist when the things they do from their checklist don't match the things from your checklist you either don't recognize it or it pisses you off because you interpret it differently right. So we need to learn how to elicit and understand other people's checklists now there's some very simple ways to do that. But you need to understand that if you're going to start playing in this in this in these.

Waters the onus to change to do something different has to be on you you've got to do something different to get a different result because and it takes energy to do that. So let's play a little bit everybody stand up um where did where did. Moss go what are you doing out there okay. Well.

I need you monitoring the the zoom room please okay. So. I want you to close your eyes. Think of a time in your life when you were having.

The. Best. Time. Ever best play time ever.

I don't care what it was. I don't care who you were with how many rules you breaking what whether your past curfew or not. I don't care. I want you to remember remember the fun you were having.

I want you to remember how you were standing in that moment. I want you to remember how you were breathing in that moment. I want you to see what you were seeing hear what you were hearing smell and taste what you were smelling and tasting let those feelings come flooding back. I want you to really remember the way if you were standing stand the way you were standing in that moment breathe the way you were yes.

Exactly breathe the way you were breathing now without changing a single thing about the way you're standing without changing a single thing about the way you're breathing as an active will try to feel bad it's a lot you gotta actually work hard to do it it's hard right. Because your physiology is stronger than your psychology. So the. First thing we want to do you can stop playing now you have a seat now this works the other way too in in a lot of our classes what.

I'll do is. I'll have you go into the positive side and. Then try to feel bad and. Then what a lot of times.

I'll have you do is. I'll have you go back to a less than positive time go into that body language and. Then try to summon up your willpower and try to feel good for the sake of time most people can't do it. But the simple fact is if you want people to feel good around you the fast you have to change their body feelings the fastest way to change another person's body feelings is to change yours.

First okay. Now in my other classes like hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation things of that nature this becomes even more important because the vibrational frequency that you're sending out to the universe is the sum total of your body feelings and.

So if. I can change your body feelings. I change your vibrational signature and. I change what the universe draws to me now in a social interaction it's also true if there's somebody.

I want to approach. I can approach them in a nervous. State a playful. State a curious.

State oh she's going to reject me state or he's going to reject me state which one do you want to be in. So the. First thing that has to happen is you have to control your emotional state that state for most applications negotiation dating. V dire um is actually playful the more playful you can be the more powerful you become because when you're playful when you're relaxed and easygoing when you're just looking for the fun it neutralizes and fly it slips under people's defense mechanisms when a man approaches a woman in most social interactions some level of nervousness tends to come up either because she feels the sexual.

Vibe or or or possibility of one or there's a big strong. Human coming at them that they're probably not physically um capable of handling there's exceptions to every rule these are the things that that again are just part of the everyday life of of a human being of either gender. So we need to understand these things and find ways to buffer them okay. So one of the things we want to do is we want to start practicing positive happy.

States we want to find the fun in everything we do how would any here would like to be up to 31% better at everything okay. Here's all you got to do be playful now that particular statistic comes from a guy named. Chris. Foss how many people here know who.

Chris. Voss is or was. Chris. Voss was the lead hostage negotiator for the.

FBI and. Voss says when the hostage negotiator approached the bad guy the hostage taker with a playful relaxed easygoing attitude he was up to 31% more aware flexible adaptable smarter and his counterpart the hostage taker was up to 31% more compliant what if you could up up your hit rate by 31% would that change things for you that's level one right. Now when you do that your your proprioceptive neurology your mirror neurons are going to interact with the mirror neurons of everyone around you that's going to cause a chain reaction in them they mo you ever he the expression emotions are contagious okay. If you can generate a strong enough emotional state and and embody it it will actually infect everyone around them around you and.

Then you will start they will start to feel that way and they'll think it was their idea. But who are they looking at when those feelings hit they're looking at you guess who gets linked to those feelings and here's the thing it's completely ethical and you can't get caught well someone's oh you're you're just making me feel good right. I see what you're doing you're have you're feeling good. So.

I'll feel good yes. Right. So again now obviously from a qualitative perspective this is important from a strategic perspective we want people to think and feel good right. So we have to think and feel good about us does that make sense okay.

Let me just check in with my. Zoomers really quick uh questions from the from our folks at home there we go another. AV void feedback. So questions from.

Zoom um someone wants a deeper dive into three magic questions we have obviously not a new person to. Planet. David indeed. But it is on the to-do list someone actually called in about that to today okay.

Yeah we're going there for sure another person. I am in a relationship. I am a relationship coach and and. I am and relationship coach and love to be able to help my clients to become more free in their dating game okay.

Another person how long to flirt before walking away we have another learn to mask. Echo technique perfectly. So no. Want to ask why.

I summarize what they're saying another person how to stay lirty to keep my marriage interested okay. Uh the same person would the relationship coach uh learning to make people feel good for no. Reason. I love that and.

Then we had have another individual hi. David is it okay. For a girl to know your trth don't overwhelm me with questions. Moss tends to just grown on and on until you're.

Finally looking at. I'm going. I love you. Moss make it stop make it stop uh you had a question yes.

Fact if you go to heartmath.org they used to have a free ebook. That you could download if they still offer it go to chapter six they literally up a dog and his boy and sent him out in the yard to play within 15 minutes their heartbeat synchronized they did the same thing with horses. So this is this is not something that is just a suggestion thing trust me. I know a lot about suggestion.

But there's a lot of parts of us that are constantly taking in information that are driving our bus they're they're they're steering our our perceptions right. So. I want to start. I want you guys in your personal practice to start working on ways to get in and out of certain emotional states and be able to trigger those on demand at well now in our.

CPI classes our killer influence classes our vibrational influence classes we devote a whole day to that where you're literally sending emotions. Back in. Forth making people sway and that's that's this yes. Let's let's go ahead and get done microphone.

So the people at home can hear us uh this thing on there we go um. So. I tend to have a positive effect on other people. But being an empath.

I tend to also get overwhelm other people and. So. I was just wondering if you're going to talk about how do you also disconnect connect. So that you're not right.

So when you're. I'll just give you a real quick one when you are interacting with somebody and you get their feelings where do you feel it usually down here okay. From here get okay. So what happens in a lot of times with people who are highly empathic is these centers are very open.

So what you want to do is. Imagine pulling in all of that energy moving it down into just below your belly button inside of you what will happen is when you pull that energy down the it's like turning the dimmer switch down on that awareness okay. The other thing you can do when you start to sense other people's feelings and emotions is ask yourself a very simple question is this mine just the act of asking the question creates a separation which allows you to let it be theirs because if you don't ask that question whatever you sense becomes yours right. So in the medical chiong that.

I study when when we're dipping into people's bodies right. We a lot of times will trigger an emotion right. And the moment. I feel it.

I got to go and breathe it out or grab it and pull it out because if if. I say oh that. I'm. I'm feeling.

X now it's mine your body just accepts it. So there's different ways to handle that. But as you're dipping in and you're feeling again this is not the medical chiong or chiong workshops. I do those.

But that's again when you when you say. I'm feeling this way or that's why do. I feel this way it actually kind of make you make it kind of yours. So the.

First thing you can do is ask is this mine another question you can ask and this is one of the the amazing things about your nervous system is that your the quality of your life experience changes by the quality of the questions that you ask. So when you feel a sensation in your body aside from the question is this mine or somebody else's what else could this be. So if. I get a feeling that.

I. I. I interpret as fear or anxiety. First thing.

I want to do when. I become come where that to us what else could this be just the act of acting asking that question separates the label from the sensation and gives you the opportunity to label it something else which your nervous system will now attach different meanings to and you'll access a different set of memories now if you want to get this the. Neuroscience behind that how emotions are made by. Dr.

Lisa. Feldman. Barrett it's a theory of constructed emotions okay. Like.

I said there's there's redonkulous amounts of of. Neuroscience by. But you don't need to know all that to do it all you really need to do is know what you want know how you're going to measure it which we're going to get into very shortly get in the right. Psycho emotional state by using your physiology and your breathing.

First and that was the whole purpose of that. First drill. I didn't forget you. Zoomers just bear with me okay.

When. I'm. GNA approach someone or when. I'm going to get into an interaction if.

I'm going in there serious nervous afraid that's what they're going to pick up right. If you have if if you can't quite get it all under control the. Next best thing you can do is lead with it. So.

I say. Cindy. I'm. I was.

I'm really excited to meet you pardon me. I'm just a little bit nervous now what happened when. I said pardon me. I'm just a little bit nervous exactly see it takes tremendous strength to admit you're afraid and.

So it changes how you interpret what. I'm doing. I had a friend of mine um back in when. I was.

First really disc again the things. I'm teaching you. I didn't. I.
