Title: PiaA2I_IqIc.txt
Video Id: PiaA2I_IqIc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiaA2I_IqIc

So i guess you guys want me to come back. Next year huh [Applause] okay. Every you say that's funny no. And again please don't don't take this too badly.

But you know every year i think about hitting the thoughts okay. This is the. Last year this is the. Last year it does actually right.

This is you guys aren't my biggest class you are you are record breakers [Applause]. So i think what we're going to do now is um because i want to make sure everybody has time to do the things they want to do um i'll give you a choice i know what you're going to do i know what you're going to do before i do it dark side [Music] all right. Level okay. So when we define dark side sith level what's your application of choice what do you want to do pick one yes.

I have a buddy you have a buddy 17 years ago had brain cancer yeah and now he's had a seizure okay. So what do you want to kill him well this is the dark side love no. Teasing go ahead what are you guys saying how can you how can you use what you've learned right. And it may not apply right.

Well. First of all understand something that dark side is really an orientation of skill set it has nothing to do with the technique has nothing to do with the technique every single thing that you've learned can be dark side if you want it to in fact when you get into the more the vibrational level stuff you'll find out just how dark side this can get in terms of remote influence and things like that okay. Um one of the most insidious processes that a per you can that can be done to a person uh was actually done to kenrick many moons ago it's called the values destroyer now i will explain the process to you i will you have already got all the building blocks that you need to do it don't. But understand the mechanics understand the process.

So you can plug something else into the destroyer besides somebody's values that make sense i'll show you some other tweaks um we're not gonna again i'm i'll be able to i'll explain it to you we will not have time to practice this because we are really coming close and people want to do that i want to do your graduation i want to do the closing that people have asked for a closing induction which i'm always happy to do right. Plus i know you guys want to socialize finish finalizing your packages and all that other good stuff and i still want to get out of here without with all still having some good graces in richard clarke's world although i care less and less as time goes on don't tell him that we forgive me okay. Thanks. So here's how it is we all talked about your grid right.

You guys know you have a grid i will also tell you that everything that you've done today as self work that you've done as a client work can be utilized indirectly by changing tenses and perspectives. So you've been working. Second and. First person if you start talking about things these things utilizing quotes patterns and embedding them within stories about friends everybody hearing it will automatically engage in the process even though they don't consciously realize they're doing it right.

So i can talk about. So for instance i could talk about my friend uh well i had this client once and uh you never see those clients that they just they're just trying to think through everything and they're trying too hard and all this other stuff. So i put him in the four magic bullets and i just said you know i had this friend once i had a client as a matter of fact and he had a lot of trouble going into trance. So i just started telling stories i started telling him how how you know once upon a time there was this wizard and this wizard had this amazing castle and this castle was filled with wonderful rooms and each room had an amazing display and an ability to change and do things and.

So there was one room that he would take his students into and they would say here in this room or on the walls are all the things that represent the things that hold you back the things that are secretly hidden between your body and he would have the clients and the students go through the room and begin to just pull those things off the wall and throw them in the fire the students would feel this amazing rush of release right. And. Then there was another room right. And.

So now i'm going and there's a room full of picture frames on the wall and the student of the wizard would explain to the students that in this room were all the less than positive things that had lessons attached and that all the student had to do to release them completely was to reach up and grab that frame and wait it out and write the lessons and squeeze it put in a little receptacle and it would change completely and he would have the student go through those rooms systematically removing all of those things right. And while he was doing that another version would separate off and it would go into this amazing room with all of these multi-colored pillars and each one had a color that corresponded to a certain feeling or a certain kind of state and he would have his students just step into those pillars and become that person and just feel the energy radiating all throughout his mind and all throughout his body gotcha right. You see you're all there and. Then what happened.

Then the student would suddenly hear this warm nurturing loving voice inside his head that always said good things that always gave him the best advice that always inspired and motivated them and told them what to do in times of stress in times of trouble and all of a sudden that voice would just terminally fix itself inside your mind and you would start to feel and hear that voice guiding you throughout everything in times of stress and times of trouble when you didn't know what to do this voice would rise up and say do that now this you can do it you deserve it you're worth it go for it students would become inspired and wired and ready to go and. Then all of a sudden they would go into this big long room and it was like they were floating like the on the edge of a big a big empty space and they could see this line beneath them and little lines in that line and they were colors and they instinctively knew the wizard would tell them that one set of colors represents all of the amazing powerful experiences you've ever had and all the other colors will they represent all the not. So good things and if you just pressed a little button or work waived your magic wand all of those those wonderful things would fly off into one side and all the less than positive ones would fly off into the other side and he would guide them and how to move through that in such a way that they would just systematically break up and dissolve all those negative ones while energizing those positive ones and the students felt amazing and they experienced such dramatic transformation and they got excited and they became empowered they could feel the magic awakening inside of them they could feel that magic growing the understanding of how the magical universe actually works and as that understanding grew within them they began to express and utilize that growing power in ways they never dreamed of and in some ways they had because they realized now that everything was possible and it was all inside waiting to come out waiting to be expressed and. Finally in the.

Last stage of their training in the. Last hallway. So to speak the students were led into a magical circle and from within this magic circle they could call up any teacher any advisor anyone who had anything to teach them and because they were students of magic they weren't limited by time or space they weren't limited by death they weren't limited by anything and they could summon and call forth any power any intelligence any energy and commune with them become one with that energy with that force and learn really learn how to connect how to control how to change and command the universe once they had that secret once it was deep inside of them they graduated they returned to this place we call reality bringing with them a brand new reality a reality where you're the ones who know how to do this where you're the ones who move through the world embodying the states of relentlessness and victory and curiosity instilling within yourself a sense of being a winner of being victorious over the universe you thought controlled you realizing for all the right. Reasons that the magic is inside and it's just been waiting to come out and what will you do with it and what changes in magic will you create just a thought i see what you did and that's how it works you can do that yes.

So. Then best way to drop something for parents that's not expecting because every now and. Then you know you're at the store for i was at uh ordering a pizza you're ordering pizza pizza i want you know this chicken fajita pizza. But my son wants plain cheese.

So um you know i'm like he just like not put the toppings on like a slicer it doesn't have to be exact. But the guy can get over the fact that it's not in the system and the rules say he can't do right. And i mean i had to go the long way right. But it would have been.

So much easier to just kind of look. Him in the eye drop him into trance and wake him up. So that's no. And i'm not saying that you can't walk up to somebody steven block their eyes.

Lock their body yeah that's one of the fastest ways to do it right. If you want to play with that which you won't have time because you guys want to go into trance right. You want to go in the trance before i graduate you or after yeah values destroyer real quick is basically you have to isolate if you're going to use the values destroyer you would notice to put i would find the places in their body where they hold their values the feeling states itself and if you have sensory acuity you would notice where their eyes. Look.

When they access them and. Then i would start to riff on a story and using analog markings i would i would solicit the the the location in their grid where things were true once. But no. Longer true and i would shrink that picture down and move it there and.

Then bring them out and they're going to go into a profoundly unresourceful state yes. And that's the point it's the mechanics i want you to get yes. I use that to remove someone's craving for cigarettes now i think i mean any even better place to put that stuff is back there right. Because even though you know kendrick got nuked with the values destroyer his his values came back eventually and i think mostly because it was in front of him according to him it was when six months.

Later he went back to the guy who would be oh is that what happened what did you do. Anyway i don't know i'm i don't have all the information. But i just know if it's back there it's probably not coming back unless you bring it back right. I just know there's more of a chance of seeing it and reactivating it in the front hemisphere.

But if that's what ken rick says and that's what kendrick says okay. I don't mind being wrong right. Matter of fact i take great relief in being it and being wrong sometimes now i don't know where these storms used to be proven isn't it that might be behind it's true. But the only thing is if you can name it and describe it you can find the location that controls and manages it and when you move picture moving pictures around is a very invasive process and this is where one of the fact we did this excessively at the.

Last killer influence train you guys remember what i did with michaela was boom and i made her fall in love and i forgot to remove it. But. Anyway [Laughter] i would never do that i mean i wouldn't make big pictures of everything you want most and put it out there and go like this i wouldn't do that right. And this is exactly what bandler does when he's talking to whole rooms he's baking pictures he's installing it right.

In your grid because he understands that you're all connected he understands that and he teaches he he sometimes he gives you the sub modality aspect of it. But he doesn't teach you the kinetic somatic mirror neuron aspect of it right. And this is where your state control drills that you'll be learning in cpi and you're going deep dish into killer influence this is where all of that stuff becomes jedi it's not a two-dimensional hallucinatory construct anymore it's a real vibrational phenomenon that you're managing. So if you can name it and describe it either directly or indirectly the neurology will do it the more layers of of separation and when we talk about separation we're not talking about dissociation we're talking about.

First person. Second person. Third person perspectives in eric's if you speak eriksonian it's called a quotes pattern a distancer right. And within those metaphors you can embed all kinds of really cool stuff stories are some of the most powerful ways to embed tons and tons of things and prime the neurology to do stuff and as you get deeper into your training you will learn how to do it very very well differences you won't sound confusing vague or creepy right.

And people will just feel dramatically good no. Matter where you go and they'll just give you stuff resistance to you will drop dramatically okay.
