Title: pMarvlJ0xlc.txt
Video Id: pMarvlJ0xlc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMarvlJ0xlc

This is things that should be done before any hypnosis overtly comes into the picture. So when. I'm working with a client by the way. I always tend to sit to their left right.

You don't have to. But we know that the right. Hemisphere controls the left side most people are right-handed. So if they're gonna reach out and slug you they're usually going to do it with their dominant hand.

So it's hard to punch across your body. So on heads. I win tails. I win again right.

You should be you should be in control of your environment you should be engineering and setting up your environment to to augment your abilities. I'd give you bare bones. I give you the minimum amount of stuff and. Then.

I throw you in the [ __ ] [ __ ] being a technical term specialized. Technic influence training right. Because. I want you to see what you can do if.

I don't if. I don't give you pressure you're not gonna grow and if. I can make what you face here tougher than anything you'll face out there. I've done my job all right.

You know this better than anyone right. So when. I'm gonna work with a client if. I know.

I'm gonna be touching and nine times out of ten. I am right. Unless someone has a real problem with touching which that usually comes out in the in the console. But.

I'll say you know. Johnny throughout the course of our session. I may be touching you on the head the shoulder the arm possibly over the heart on the hand or on the on the glide is that okay. Perfect.

I've gotten permission because. I'm recording all my sessions it's also documented right. If you're a female working with men depending on what your niche is remember none of you should be out there advertising yourself as a hypnotist you should be advertising yourself as a specialist the riches are in the niches nobody goes nobody goes to. Google and types in hypnotist they type in how to get rid of back pain how to lose weight how to get over emotional pain right.

How to overcome post that's what they type in that's your niche doesn't mean you can't do other things doesn't mean you won't get other clients. But if you find a topic that really resonates with you for whatever reason that's what you advertise everything else will find you right. It just will right. But you try to mark it to everyone you wind up marketing to no.

One okay. So throughout this process. I may be touching you on the head the hand. But.

I've covered all that. I've gotten her permission now. I can pretty much within reason touch. I will and.

I think in some states you're allowed one point of contact legally even as a hypnotist you're allowed one point of contact and that contact placed me. But you can't move it okay. Now one of the things. I like to now actually learn this from.

I learned this aspect of it from. Brent bound who'd created holographic memory resolution. But. I also learned the hand placement from.

Jerry kind as well as. Mark. Cunningham if you want to place the hand at the t1 c7 juncture which is that little big vertebra. I'm sorry my hands are cold right.

At that juncture now the interesting thing energetically is as the energy comes out of your hand it tends to generate visual imagery a test of this while. I was out in. UK with somebody who had a. Fantasia a.

Fantasia and inability to actually see pictures thirty minutes into the session he started seeing images that he could track okay. So there's some kind of energetic neurological interplay that happens here that will start to facilitate imagery even if they don't see it normally my hand whole palm especially though if you take the tip of the finger here let's the other thing here you draw a little line there's a right. Where that crease is there's a an acupuncture point pericardium nine. I think.

I know heart seven all right. No. [ __ ] it's one of them. Lao.

Gong. Hardy yeah. So it's good couple pal gone yeah well gunpoint right. And there's that's a very strong energy in out point in the body if you place it there and you just go into your normal process it will start to facilitate deeper energetic and neurological connection okay.

But you don't have to the best best reason to put the hand there is because once again as she goes through the trance processes her neck muscles will be the. First to relate. First to tense up and the. Last to relax.

So a trance is never linear people are always going deeper and out of coming up and down depending on what's going on right. So. I'm gonna feel the tension in her neck and. I'm gonna just guide through that process does that make sense okay.

I know you want to go into trance now. Joni in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm gonna bring your head all the way up and you're gonna go ten times deeper into a wonderful state of trance now what.

I'd like you to do in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. Joni what. I'd really like you to do is.

I'd like it if. I back on the wings of time and review from a very high place oh no. This is demos you see me do today. I'm gonna give you a very special treat.

I want you to imagine that you could fall out down into each and every one of those people that you want to and be inside their mind body and soul is there experiencing those hypnotic processes and as you do. I want you to notice hearing my words guiding them through those processes and. I want you to feel those feelings and thereby. I want you to notice that there's a place in your body or those feelings start.

Then there's they go somewhere else and they go somewhere else true or not true okay. I want you to just follow that line of energy those lines of feelings all throughout your mind and all throughout your body until eventually all of those sensations come back to their point of origin and they surged to that circuit again like a boat on that river of sensation in those levels of effect that's right. I want you to just travel through it letting each repetition double the force double the magnitude double the sensations oh my god does this feel good and here's the best part. I want you just circulate let that energy fill your entire mind body and soul become fully absorbed in it notice there's a color connected to those feelings those sensations those suggestions that.

I gave that you really like to have for yourself let's that color. First impression and. I want you to imagine a huge ball of that red energy floating above your head. I want you to breathe that energy through your entire body from the top of your head to the tips of your toes each breath doubling in size and strength force and magnitude getting stronger and stronger and stronger as you breathe those energies through your entire body.

I want you to hear my words giving you the suggestion. July 20 in exactly the right. Way connecting with those wonderful red energies and going into the deepest place of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can implement embody and express all of those changes in all the ways and make your life better by your standards and definition now. I want you to turn up the volume notice that flow of energy doubling in size and strength for.

Smith like somebody turned on the faucet for that red energy and just left it running oh my god does it feel good. I count from one to five it's gonna double each count doubling in size and strength or is in. Magni breathing it in deeper oh yeah - there we go even stronger and stronger and stronger still three locking in flowing into the very. DNA of your cells changing the.

DNA of your body changing them into little red pleasure factories little recorders that just keep playing those suggestions over and over doubling them in size and strength force and magnitude. I want you to notice that process taking place don't try to measure man make it happen faster double it again that's right. You can make it as good as you want for as long as you want that's my gift to you for as long as your heart continues to be your lungs continue to breathe. Joanie each and every time you engage in a hypnotic process as a subject or as a hypnotist boom these wonderful sensations that's what.

I'm talking about for oh my god can it get any better the answer is yes. By the way that's right. You can feel free to let it do what it wants to do it's okay. That's good five oh my god that's good double it oh that's right.

Now. I want you to imagine if you would. I want you to make a picture of those wonderful feelings of wonderful sensations don't you imagine floating into space around you. I want you to notice as those feelings those red feelings in your body get stronger and stronger and stronger - your body is completely filled with it to the point where your body can no.

Longer contain all that energy because it just keeps getting stronger. I want you to notice that energy streaming out of your body forming a brilliant red frame around that wonderful set of pictures and when you're ready to take it to the. Next level to its ultimate conclusion of course it's just gonna get better. But.

I want you to reach out with both of your hands grab that frame and the movie inside of it reach out with it grab the frame expand it to fill the universe lift it up over your head pass it through your entire mind body and soul head to toe over and over and over again and notice what happens to any place in your body that's not in harmony with that new set of instructions when you're ready to do it keep going it gets stronger each time you do it now you may notice parts of your body beginning to people have all kinds of interesting reactions when this holographic energy hits the system some people laugh some people cry some people sweat some people just have all kinds of fun stuff happening that's right. And it just gets better. Jony this is my gift to you each and every time you hypnotize another human being each and every time you are hypnotized by another human being this experience will happen faster stronger and more satisfying than the time before each time better than the time before for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe it's my gift to you for being such an awesome human being and a great subject in a moment not yeah. But in just a moment.

I'm gonna count from 1 to 5 when. I reach the number 5 you will emerge from this state bringing all of these amazing transformations revelations modifications and education with you head clear mind clear thinking and acting with calm self assurance filled with confidence self-esteem and ability to hypnotize beyond what you've ever thought possible in ways that only get better number 1 feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality. Jony a reality where you've tapped into a level of power and skill and ability that most people never find you've tapped into the power of the holographic memory within you and for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe each night while you sleep and while you dream your other than conscious mind will create new neurological connections from one part of your brain to the other it will integrate reorganize and change the person you are to be the person you want to be instead of the person you were randomly programmed to be at times and places and episodes in your life where you didn't have any control where you didn't know what to do when you didn't have the resources this will happen for as long as you live in this world number 2 all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your very own other than conscious mine are now ten times more powerful ten times more permanent held on to grabbed on to locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can implement express and facilitate these changes in all the ways that make your life better number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation on particular circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind well now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those solutions and implement them in the quickest easiest most efficient way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four is obviously. Johnny it's all for you you've done the work you've made the investment you've followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've tested the results try to turn that [ __ ] off notice what happens instead that's right.

On the. Next count you can emerge from this state ready to rock and roll head clear mind clear thinking and acting with calm self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel [Applause] different huh yeah that's vibrational get up there alright. It's a different animal okay. And it's awesome right.

But again it's it's understanding that the body worked and the mind-body continuum works best when all of the parts work together including the critical faculty that's how we're designed that's how the universe intended us to function all of our parts focused and communicating in a way that everyone understands now if you can use if you can reach out if you can point to where you feel it you can access it. Thank. You. Johnny round of applause [Applause].
