Title: Vibrational Hypnotherapy Demonstration - Using Pleasure To Become Better At Hypnosis
File Name: pMarvlJ0xlc.txt
Video Id: pMarvlJ0xlc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMarvlJ0xlc

These are things that should be done before any hypnosis overtly comes into the picture. So when. I'm working with a client, by the way,. I always tend to sit to their left, right?

You don't have to,. But we know that the right. Hemisphere controls the left side. Most people are right-handed,.

So if they're going to reach out and slug you, they're usually going to do it with their dominant hand. So it's hard to punch across your body. This is quite a setup here. Yeah.

Right? So, um, heads. I win, tails. I win again.

Right? You should be you should be in control of your environment. You should be engineering and setting up your environment to to augment your abilities. I give you bare bones.

I give you the minimum amount of stuff and. Then. I throw you in the [ __ ] [ __ ] being a technical term. Specialized hypnotic influence training, right?

Because. I want you to see what you can do. If. I don't if.

I don't give you pressure, you're not going to grow. And if. I can make what you face here tougher than anything you'll face out there,. I've done my job, right?

You know this better than anyone, right? So, when. I'm going to work with a client, if. I know.

I'm going to be touching, and nine times out of 10,. I am, right? Unless someone has a real problem with touching, which that usually comes out in the in the in the console. But.

I'll say, you know,. Johnny, throughout the course of our session,. I may be touching you on the head, the shoulder, the arm, possibly over the heart, on the hand, or on the on the leg. Is that okay?

Sure. Perfect. I've gotten permission because. I'm recording all my sessions, it's also documented, right?

If you're a female working with men, depending on what your niche is, remember, none of you should be out there advertising yourself as a hypnotist. You should be advertising yourself as a specialist. The riches are in the niches. Nobody goes.

Nobody goes to. Google and types in hypnotist. They type in how to get rid of back pain, how to lose weight, how to get over emotional pain, right? How to overcome post.

That's what they type in. That's your niche. Doesn't mean you can't do other things. Doesn't mean you won't get other clients.

But if you find a a topic that really resonates with you for whatever reason, that's what you advertise, everything else will find you, right? It just will, right? But if you try to market to everyone, you wind up marketing to no. One.

Okay? So throughout this process,. I may be touching you on the head, the hand,. But.

I've covered all that. I've gotten her permission. Now. I can pretty much within reason touch at will.

Now,. I think in some states, you're allowed one point of contact legally. Even as a hypnotist, you're allowed one point of contact and that place,. But you can't move it.

Is that. Florida? Yeah, might be. Okay.

Now, one of the things. I like to do and. I actually learned this from. I learned this aspect of it from.

Brent. Bal who created holographic memory resolution,. But. I also learned the hand placement from.

Jerry uh. Kind as well as. Mark. Cunningham is you want to place the hand at the.

T1. C7 juncture, which is that little big vertebrae. I'm sorry, my hands are cold. Right.

At that juncture. Now the interesting thing energetically is as the energy comes out of your hand it tends to generate visual imagery. I tested this while. I was out in.

UK with somebody who had affantasia. Affantasia an inability to actually see pictures. 30 minutes into the session he started seeing images that he could track. Okay. So there's some kind of energetic neurological interplay that happens here that will start to facilitate imagery even if they don't see it normally.

Do you put your own hand or finger? My hand, whole palm. Especially the. If you take the tip of the finger here, the tip of the finger here, and you draw a little line, there's a right.

Where that crease is. There's a an acupuncture point. Paricardium nine,. I think.

No. Um, heart seven. No. [ __ ].

It's one of them. La gong. Heart eight. Yeah.

So, um, it's what they call a long. Yeah. Long point, right? And there's that's a very strong energy inout point in the body.

If you place it there and you just go into your normal process, it will start to facilitate deeper energetic and neurological connection. Okay? But you don't have to. The best best reason to put the hand there is because once again, as she goes through the trans processes, her neck muscles will be the.

First to. First to tense up and the. Last to relax. So as and trance is never linear.

People are always going deeper and out of coming up and down depending on what's going on. Right. So, um. I'm going to feel the tension in her neck and.

I'm going to just guide through that process. Does that make sense? Okay. I know you want to go into trance.

Okay. Sleep deep. Sleep all the way down. Deeper and deeper and deeper still.

Now,. Joanie, in a moment, not yet,. But in just a moment,. I'm going to bring your head all the way up, and you're going to go 10 times deeper into a wonderful state of trance.

Now, what. I'd like you to do in a moment, not yet,. But in just a moment,. Joanie, what.

I'd really like you to do is. I'd like you to fly back on the wings of time to and review from a very high place all of the hypnosis demos you've seen me do today. I'm going to give you a very special treat. I want you to imagine that you could float down into each and every one of those people that you want to and be inside their mind, body, and soul as they're experiencing those hypnotic processes.

And as you do,. I want you to notice hearing my words guiding them through those processes. And. I want you to feel those feelings in their body.

I want you to notice that there's a place in your body where those feelings start. Then there's they go somewhere else. Then they go somewhere else. True or not true?

True. Yeah. I want you to just follow that line of energy, those lines of feelings all throughout your mind and all throughout your body till eventually all of those sensations come back to their point of origin and they surge through that circuit again like a boat on that river of sensation and those levels of effect. That's right.

I want you to just travel through it letting each repetition double the force, double the magnitude, double the sensations. Oh my god, does this feel good? And here's the best part. I want you to circulate.

Let that energy fill your entire mind, body, and soul. Become fully absorbed in it. Notice there's a color connected to those feelings, those sensations, those suggestions that. I gave that you really like to have for yourself.

What is that color,. First impression? Red. Red.

I want you to imagine a huge ball of that red energy floating above your head. I want you to breathe that energy through your entire body from the top of your head to the tips of your toes. Each breath doubling in size and strength, force and magnitude, getting stronger and stronger and stronger as you breathe those energies through your entire body. I want you to hear my words giving you the suggestions you most want to hear in exactly the right.

Way. connecting with those wonderful red energies and going into the deepest place of your mind, body, and soul that most wants, desires can implement, embody, and express all of those changes in all the ways that make your life better by your standards and definitions. I want you to turn up the volume. Notice that flow of energy doubling in size and strength force like somebody turned on the faucet for that red energy and just left it running. Oh my god, does it feel good.

If. I count from 1 to five, it's going to double each count. Doubling in size and strength, force and magnitude. Breathing it in deeper.

Woohoo. Boom. That's what. I'm talking about.

Oh yeah. Two. There we go. Even stronger and stronger and stronger.

Still. Three. Locking in. Flowing into the very.

DNA of your cells. Changing the. DNA of your body. Changing them into little red pleasure factories. little recorders that just keep playing those suggestions over and over, doubling them in size and strength, force and magnitude.

I want you to notice that process taking place. Don't try to measure it, manage it, or make it happen faster. Double it again. That's right.

You can make it as good as you want, for as long as you want. That's my gift to you. For as long as your heart continues to beat, your lungs continue to breathe,. Joanie.

Each and every time you engage in a hypnotic process as the subject or as the hypnotist, boom, these wonderful sensations, that's what. I'm talking about. For oh my god, can it get any better? The answer is yes, by the way.

That's right. You feel free to let it do what it wants to do. It's okay. That's good.

Five. Oh my god. That's good. Now, double it.

That's right. Now,. I want you to imagine, if you would,. I want you to make a picture of those wonderful feelings, those wonderful sensations.

I want you to imagine it floating in the space around you. I want you to notice as those feelings, those red feelings in your body get stronger and stronger and stronger until your body's completely filled with it to the point where your body can no. Longer contain all that energy because it just keeps getting stronger. I want you to notice that energy streaming out of your body forming a brilliant red frame. around that wonderful set of pictures.

And when you're ready to take it to the. Next level, to its ultimate conclusion, of course, it's just going to get better. But. I want you to reach out with both of your hands.

Grab that frame and the movie inside of it. Just reach out with it. Grab the frame. Expand it to fill the universe.

Lift it up over your head. Pass it through your entire mind, body, and soul, head to toe, over and over and over again. And notice what happens to any place in your body that's not in harmony with that new set of instructions. When you're ready, do it.

Keep going. It gets stronger each time you do it. Now, you may notice parts of your body beginning to. People have all kinds of interesting reactions when this holographic energy hits the system.

Some people laugh, some people cry, some people sweat, some people just have all kinds of fun stuff happening. That's right. And it just gets better. Joanie, this is my gift to you.

Each and every time you hypnotize another human being, each and every time you are hypnotized by another human being, this experience will happen faster, stronger, and more satisfying than the time before, each time better than the time before. For as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe, it's my gift to you for being such an awesome human being and a great subject. In a moment, not yet,. But in just a moment,.

I'm going to count from 1 to five. When. I reach the number five, you will emerge from this state, bringing all of these amazing transformations, revelations, modifications, and educations with you. Head clear, mind clear, thinking, and acting with calm self assurance filled with confidence, self-esteem, and ability to hypnotize beyond what you've ever thought possible in ways that only get better.

Number one, feel yourself returning to this place we call reality. Bringing with you a brand new reality,. Joanie. A reality where you've tapped into a level of power and skill and ability that most people never find.

You've tapped into the power of the holographic memory within you. And for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe each night while you sleep and while you dream, your other than conscious mind will create new neurological connections from one part of your brain to the other. It will integrate, reorganize, and change the person you are to be the person you want to be. Instead of the person you were randomly programmed to be at times and places and episodes in your life where you didn't have any control, where you didn't know what to do, when you didn't have the resources, this will happen for as long as you live in this world.

Number two, all of my suggestions from me to you, from you to your very own other than conscious mind are now 10 times more powerful, 10 times more permanent, held on to, grabbed on to, locked into that part of your mind, body, and soul that most wants, desires can implement, express, and facilitate these changes in all the ways that make your life better. Number three, always at least three ways to overcome any situation, obstacle, or circumstance that you may face. always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those solutions and implement them in the quickest, easiest, most efficient way for the good of yourself and all concerned. Number four is obviously. Joanie, it's all for you.

You've done the work. You've made the investment. You've followed the instructions. You've obeyed the commands.

You've tested the results. Try to turn that [ __ ] off. Notice what happens instead. That's right.

On the. Next count, you can emerge from this state, ready to rock and roll. Head clear, mind clear, thinking and acting with calm self asssurance, feeling good all over. Glad to be alive.

Ready to thrive. Number five. Take your time. Come on back.

Notice how good you feel. Wow. [Applause]. All right, grab a partner. Pretty sure my whole body was vibrating.

Bless you. Different, huh? Wow. Yeah, that's vibrational hypnotherapy.

Yeah,. I guess so. Right. It's a different animal.

Okay. And it's awesome, right? But again, it's it's understanding that the body work the the mind body continuum works best when all of the parts work together, including the critical faculty. That's how we're designed.

That's how the universe intended us to function. All of our parts focused and communicating in a way that everyone understands. And if you can use, if you can reach out, if you can point to where you feel it, you can access it. Thank you,.

Johnny. Round of applause. [Applause].
