Title: pNOXlu56sFk.txt
Video Id: pNOXlu56sFk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNOXlu56sFk

Next technique. But put your feet on the floor close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a side ah deeper and deeper with every breath you take every beat of your heart chest relax let go guided by the sound of my voice and tonight our today our. Next topic is about voices important voices voices that run our lives and direct our futures now.

I'm betting there was a time in your life perhaps many many years ago maybe even before you can consciously remember or maybe list sometime. Later maybe even recently when you had a certain someone in your life someone he trusted someone that you believed someone who could take you under their wing and show you something that was really true maybe it was a parent or a relative or a teacher maybe it was a coach or sibling. But whoever this person was they represented what was true what was nourishing and nurturing someone who could speak in a way that you would always trust if you always believed in they told you that the moon was made of green cheese well. I may not have even questioned it at all.

I want you to remember that person. I want you to remember that voice and as this person speaks you. I want you to hear that voice inside noticing we're that voice comes from listen to it turn up the volume and just keep turning it up listening to it talk to you speak to you to tell you things that are only the very best things about you and a voice that you can always trust the police that you can always believe the voice that gives you really good advice a voice that speaks 10 times louder than any other voice and as you listen to this voice you can hear him speaking talking to you tell you all the things you want need to hear that make you feel good about who you are and the life you need and all the steps you took. To get here and you can begin to realize that from this moment on no.

Matter where you go no. Matter what you do this voice will go with you this voice will guide you support you speak to you inspire you in ways that you most want and me give you the very best advice possible in every situation in every circumstance to tell you the very best perspective to take on any action or activity past present or future any memory any thought any idea because we all have a voice we need to trust. I have a voice like that and as that voice sinks deeper and deeper and deeper still making its home in the very deepest most powerful part of your mind. I can hear the volume increase as all the other voices drain away lose their power flow into visit voice this voice of authority within you the voice that gives you the very best instructions the very best advice the voice of love acceptance wisdom inner guidance outer action.

I want you to just take a few moments just listen listen to all the wonderful things all the true things this voice has to tell you louder and louder over and over and over again telling you all the very best things about you no. Voice that you can always trust no. Is believing and when you know you've got it see your son feel yourself floating up out of your physical body higher higher and higher still until you're once again in that space beyond time and space and you can look. Down at your physical body and just like when we visited at temporal editing space you can look.

Down and see that clothing line of time once again you can see the two points where your time line begins enjoy timeline transitions into a in space and as you go higher and higher and higher still you can notice that there are two points at life one at the ending point of your timeline while the other the other is at the very beginning right. Before you go to conceive right. Before you took. On a body as the planes passing overhead signal motion and movement traveling you can begin to travel backwards towards that point of light passing through that point before you took.

On the body before you were conceived and finding yourself an amazing place a place it looks a lot like outer space it's dark and there are lights everywhere. But it's different in all the right. Ways it's not cold empty like space would be it's warm and it feels safe nurturing nourishing loving almost like being in the womb and as you look. Around you notice what look.

Like stars and you realize something that you're in a new place place beyond time place beyond space a place from which your consciousness the spark of the. Divine that will become you has always existed and one day return a place for what you can imagine or the potential for everything exists a place we call the woman and in this place the place beyond before time and space you have complete access to everything you ever happen everything you ever will be and everything you can imagine you can become and. So as you float into this space. I want you to notice one particular point of light calls your attention almost like it recognizes you now many times when we experience this kind of welcoming it's like a like a puppy dog when you come home a hard day at work and that puppy dog knows you're coming home and he starts to hear she starts to get really really excited as you begin to move towards that one point of light that you recognize and it seems you it begins to blink begins to get excited almost as if it's welcoming you home and as you merge into that point of life becoming one the source of all life the source of all living things.

Maebh inside you feel whole complete connected in that spark of the divine that will one day take on a body that will one day become the person that is you in this room physically. But in this place beyond time beyond space everything can change and when you're fully merged with that spark fully in your. Center as the. Soviet psychologists would call it touching that spark of consciousness which is the same value as every other spark that has ever existed or ever will exist in this place.

I want you to listen to that voice telling that spark everything that you will ever need to know to understand to accept the events and situations and circumstances of the coming life to understand them to survive them. But not just survive to thrive having all that foreknowledge all of that was all of that loving nurturing and support and something else absolute acceptance protection forgiveness understanding wisdom all of it installing itself and informing that spark of consciousness that will one day take on a body and when you know you've got when you know that spark has everything it would ever need to be better than okay. To take all of the information and apply it in the very best way possible if you feel that spark beginning to move through the womb of eternity passing through that light and into the cells when they become your body and hear that voice speaking teaching guiding loving nourishing every chromosome every gene feel those cells merging and split two cells becoming four cells and the voice just gets louder stronger more pervasive all of your. DNA all of yourself installing and replicating that information over and over and over again.

So that no. Matter what happened in the coming life at the very level of your genes and beyond you have everything you need instinctively intuitively logically and through it all there's this voice that guides you teaches you inspires you keeps you on the right. Track tells you the very best perspectives the best roads to take how to interpret situations and circumstances. So that they only make your life better how to let things go in the right.

Way that you free at the deepest level four cells become 88 cells become 16 16 cells they coming 32 64 and. So on and. So on you can feel your body the one you will one day fully inhabit now growing evolving faster and faster faster still and. Then at some point you reach that stage towards time to emerge into birth into the process of coming into the world that you come in bringing all of that love and acceptance wisdom and guidance and foreknowledge with you and as you move through your.

First year noticing how all the events of your life your experience is shift and change because this voice was there teaching you guiding explaining things to you telling you exactly what you most want need to hear to become the person the universe might need to be when you want to be through your. Second year. Third fourth is picking up speed moving faster and faster through your timeline noticing how all of the events of your life shift and change because the person experiencing them was already different already aware already prepared with new resources new perspectives new ideas and beliefs because the voice gave you what you most to know the voice is with me loving you supporting you nourishing you from before time began through all the days weeks months and years of your life 10 20 30 and beyond on into the future and through it all all the way back to that woman of eternity back to that spark of consciousness bringing all of that information with you and with it the realization the one thing that was true through it all and through it all you were always loved always accepted always protected and you're never alone and see yourself moving from that point in the womb of eternity all the way through gestation all the way through your 1 5 10 15 20 not once not twice all the way to your future and beyond back to the womb over and over again not once not twice. But hundreds of times at the speed of thought until you know it's all different now well you know you guys if you yourself emerging coming back to the present moment fully integrating into your body of mind bringing all this with you noticing how different how powerful how wonderful the world is and as you listen inside you can hear this voice only a voice that speaks 10 times louder and any other voice a voice that tells you only the very best things about you the voice you can always trust the voice you can always believe through all your always little you're always accepted and you're never alone when you know you've got in allow yourself to emerge fully from the state listing how that boys drones out of every other boys for now.
