Title: Psivsj7ZVSM.txt
Video Id: Psivsj7ZVSM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Psivsj7ZVSM

Today's going to be focus on one of the most fascin there's a lot of things that have fascinated me in my life. But one of the absolute most useful gamechanging skills. I ever came across many many years ago was from the field of. Chinese medicine and it was called mean which mean literally means face reading or read the face and when.

I stood in the back of the room at the. Pacific. College of. Oriental medical symposium and the teacher at the front of the room uh.

Lilian. Bridges said yes. When you look. At somebody's face and you see the markings you can read their emotions and when you clear the emotions the wrinkle goes away from across the crowded room you could hear now.

I was in the back of the room lilan is all the way at the front of the room and she proceeded to look. Right. At me and read my face and the rest is history. So.

So over the years. I've been. I was very blessed to train with. Lillian who at the time.

Lillian. Bridges by the way uh her her book. I highly recommend you get it if you're interested in those kinds of things is face reading in. Chinese medicine.

Pearl. Bridges by. So. I always honor that.

I took. The things in things in. I looked at it and. I reorganized it to fit the the needs of my particular student base uh lilan book.

Is specifically based on a classical family system that she was handed down from from actually was actually handed down from father to son. But her her brothers or her actually um none of the the the men in the family. Beyond her uncle wanted to learn it and. So her grandma her.

Grandpa actually and uncles taught it to her and she was the one that carried it on for a time until she passed and. Then she passed it on to us of course um what's fascinating about face shooting is how accurate it is now one of the things you are going to do if you haven't done. So already is you're as soon as you leave tonight you're going to go out and you're going to start googling face reading. I get it and you're going to find a lot of people out there teaching face reading one of the things that.

Lilian at the time was the world's leading. Authority on face reading like she was she was being uh consistently um romanced by several three-letter agencies to go in and train their agents and things like that her father in fact was a c worked for the. CIA f factoy um. So when you research face reading you're going to find different schools of thought about it now lilian's family lineage they did a lot with the business.

World business matchmaking things of that nature uh and. Lillian made a very smart move when she decided to bring this out to the general public to focus on the psychological and medical aspects of. Chinese face reading and because of that the way she taught and the and the things that she taught were much different in what she prioritized she knew all the other. Fortune if you that's what.

I'm saying if you go you study guys like. Joey apppp who is probably the the. Next most proficient or prolific uh promoter of face reading materials very good stuff. But his stuff is all focused on divination metaphysics right.

So he'll look. At your face oh you've got. Good. Earth luck or you've got good uh real estate luck or you've got good um.

Family luck things of that nature you can see those things in the face. But they're not super useful unless you have a background in. Chinese energetics. Chinese medicine the 12.

Heavenly. Branch the branches and the stems and all these other things what. Lillian focused on was what. I think is most useful personality and temperament now.

I can there's a whole aspect of diagnosis that. I can look. At your face and. I can tell you what's going on with your liver your heart your kidneys your spleen.

I can. I can tell you all that stuff that's not immediately useful for most people unless you have a background in. Chinese medicine. So what.

I did with. Lan's book. Was. I reorganized it.

So that you don't need to know you can't you don't even have to know how to spell cheap to use the the book. Right. It's because it literally follows it literally follows eye tracking pattern. So when.

I look. At this gentleman's face my eyes. Actually go from right. To left or right.

Left to right. And. I zigzag down the face that's how we read a page right. When people look.

At a face they look. At one of two places automatically they either look. At the eyes. They look.

At at the mouth or they bounce. So when. I restructured the content what. I did was.

I based everything from top to bottom instead of a. Five. Element where. I'm going to look.

At the water features and. Then. I'm going to look. At the wood features.

Then. I'm going to look. At the fire features right. You can still learn those things.

I have two classes two separate tracks that. I teach. But the. Five.

Element system is not the most directly applicable for a lot of the things that we want to use it for which is usually personality and temper okay. But those there are other things that face feeding can be used for. So because you guys did the one thing that. I respect and love and appreciate more than anything else you got up off your butts drove across town to sit in a room with me tonight's your night whatever you want to know about face reading that.

I can teach you. I will happily do that because. I always play favorites much as. I love my on my online audience it's the people who got up and are sitting in a room to get the best stuff.

So that being said let me can we close some of these uh blinds we don't get the glare and let's start with what do you guys want to learn about today in terms of reading the face what do you want to know let's start what's your name sir yes. You. Ron. Ron okay.

Ron what do you want to know about tonight. First thing that comes to mind is there's a lot of women that. I know that seem to have a bunch of lines over here okay. So what is the theoretical me of that okay.

Ladies you're gonna hate that answer by the way okay. What's your name. Barbara what do you want to know about how athentic somebody is okay. Okay.

So one of the things we're going to talk about tonight is part and it's something that. I. I teach different things about body language and things like that. So one of the things you're going to hear me talk a lot about is what we call profiling profiling can be divided into in.

David's. World two components you have active profiling and passive profiling now what does this mean active profiling how many people here have ever heard of a show called. Li toy. Dr.

Paul the consultant for that show was a guy named. Paul emman who was at the time one of the world's leading. Authorities on deception and facial cues uh he's the one who actually discovered what we call. Micro expressions micro expressions are little momentary muscular movements the face makes when we're processing emotion and or trying to conceal emotion okay.

And. So if somebody if you ask somebody what they think of uh you know a certain restaurant and they they they know you own the restaurant. But they hated it you'll see them go like and they'll say oh was great there'll be this little momentary flash of a micro expression of disgust or contempt or whatever it is and. Then they'll.

Then they'll lie to your face with a smile right. That's what active profiling is active profiling is the ability to observe changes in the face in the moment they're there and they're gone and from those changes create a profile most the most basic one is always going to be going it's called what call towards and away from human beings instinctively unless you're in certain subcultures in. Los. Angeles always move towards the things they like and away from the things they don't okay.

So we'll look. At some of the big indicators of that right. Because everything can be distilled down to towards and away from. So what's the value of creating a profile creating a profile again is that.

So we know how to navigate that landscape with them okay. Now passive profiling is the consequence of a lifetime of micro. Expressions these are their habits of feeling their habits of behavior their habits of how they process or don't process emotions the certain the architecture of the face because of 2500 this by this is a the art that we understand is over 2500 years old it's based on observation this is actually the. Second page of a.

Chinese medical book. That's over 2500 years old this was page two right. So this is not new right. Nice thing is because of big data and things like that a lot a lot of things are starting to get corroborated we can actually correspond some of these some of these facial the the changes in facial architecture to to hormonal dominance.

Pathways for someone who has a high level of testosterone or has a testosterone dominance much more pronounced forehead much more pronounced jaw than someone who's more estrogenic someone who's more estrogenic will have a much rounder fleshier face right. If you want to do the the scientific research on that there's a book. Called why him why her by. Dr.

Helen. F some of you may know who she is others may not. But if you ever heard of match.com she's the one that created the psychographic test that matches everybody up okay. So passive profiling is what we're going to be focusing on tonight.

But if. But if your questions move us more in the act in in the direction of active profiling. Then we'll look. At that right.

The idea is if. I can look. At somebody's face and start to discern some general. Tendencies based on they've used their face over the years.

Then. I can. I can diagnose their emotional health. I can look.

At trauma the trauma history or evoke therapist. So. I do a lot of this with trauma work. I can look.

At uh how they they tend to respond to. Authority how bossy they tend to be right. How nurturing giving how they make decisions okay. These are all things that again through lots and lots and lots of of repetition and observation the.

Chinese were able to create methods for in fact one of the things that used to that in in the old days it was. So easy to fake credentials if you would go to to apply for a job in the government they would take your resume and they would put it to the side and they would read your phase yeah because certain activities create certain physiognomies notice. I didn't say certain physiognomies create certain activities it's get can get very weird very quick right. So one of the ways you can test this go to your local.

Tech campus people were people are engaged in high levels of um very uh abstract thinking reasoning things of that nature and look. At the forehead size okay. You'll see a much more pronounced forehead in the vast majority of those people go to your local. MMA gym you'll see a massive jaw in aot of these people very strong jaws now does that mean somebody who has a strong jaw can't be smart no.

Doesn't mean that at all. But what you'll find is that the way you live your life changes the way your face works or the way your face looks and it doesn't make a lot of sense to us if we if we assign what we're doing to. Newtonian physics. But quantum physics tells you you're basically just light you're nothing.

But nested layers of vibrational data interacting with itself. So certain levels of emotion will create a certain density in you and as light passes through you it refracts doesn't it what happens if that density changes you ever see a light passing through the through water into an aquarium right. The surface of the water is here the light comes in here it looks like it's over there because the light bends well anytime you change the density of that. Medium that angle of refraction changes too.

So when you start releasing emotional density your face will change and. I've seen weird [ __ ]. I mean weird with a capital. W i'.

I've had hypnosis clients that at the start of the the start of the session they had this flat like almost non-existent brow bone by the end of the session look. Like they grew. Franken belly you know how sometimes a tur when you cook. In a turkey and the needle pops out like all of a sudden she had a brow.

I don't know where it came from right. I've seen. I. I was the.

First to call [ __ ] and you don't have to believe anything. I'm going to share with you tonight all. I want you to do is learn it go play with it see if how see how accurate it is okay. So that being said.

So we're going to focus on passive profiling because you need a little bit of training to catch the micro. Expressions right. But they are important. I'll show you some things that you can queue in on when you're talking to somebody that let you know if you're moving in the right.

Direction. But the idea behind creating a profile is knowing okay. Is this person driven by data are they driven by pragmatism are they driven by emotion now we we all do all three. But what's our priority what do we sort for.

First what do we sort for. Second what do we sort for. Third if. I understand that about the person.

I'm presenting to. Then. I can optimize how. I give them the information.

So it's easier for them and more they're more willing to consume it you've all had people who said skip the [ __ ] just give me the give me the bottom line and. Then you've had people said don't tell me what it'll do. Give me the give me show me the data that proves you're what you're what you're saying to me right. There are certain face there are certain physiognomies on the face that lean towards that type of reasoning or that type of thinking and if you understand what you're looking at it becomes very easy to create a very quick profile that you can use to navigate with right.

If you have somebody who has a lot of fire features which very pointy features in general you probably don't want to put them in a job where it's a lot of rot repetition it'll drive them batty right. Because fire people are all over the place one of the funniest things lilan never said to me about fire people when you go to their house you can always tell you're in a fire person's house cuz there's a line of clothing from the front door all the way to the bedroom because they don't like clothes. So they're just throwing [ __ ] off as they're getting home right. So.

So passive profiling is what we're gonna look. At um what's your name. Robin what do you want to learn about today. Liars.

A. Lie detection okay. I can see where this is going okay. Jake.

Jake's one of our face readers he just finished our classical. Five. Element face reading well. I usually have orange skin uh there.

I'll be honest with you lilan did not like the the the orange guy a at he said he had all the features of a criminal. But she never elaborated on what those were now. I will. I will be upfront with you um there's a lot of things that you can tell now maybe lilan could look.

At you and tell you your. Myers breaks profile with uncanny accuracy. I'm kind of get. I'm kind of moving that way.

But one of the things that. I will. I tell people up front. I can tell you the the attri.

Utes that you have based on what the physi what the traits say what. I can't tell you is your character someone who has a very strong very prominent brow bone okay. They're going to be very uh they're going to tend to be dominant they're going to like to be the hero they're not going to do well with authority in general. But.

I can't tell you if they're going to be a good guy or a bad guy you understand because good guys and bad guys have the those trades it's the direction they use them and that's character and that's not something that. I. I feel confident predicting. I'll look.

At their behaviors to determine that before. I look. At their physiy and. I will always match best.

I can. I'll cross reference their physiognomy with the behaviors that they engage in. I'm always checking on multiple levels if that makes any kind of sense. But you can't learn them all at the same time fastest way to learn all to learn none of this is to try to learn all of it.

So if. I can teach you a few things that you can take away tonight that you can go out and play with. Then. I've helped you right.

But if you come oh that was a great that was a great event what did. I learn probably not the best use of your night except that's a diversion. So my goal is to give you something you can use. Sam.

I don't know uh. I have several books on. Chinese medical palmistry. Palm diagnosis.

But. I haven't looked at them yet it is on my to-do list no. No. One of the reasons.

I like face reading. So much. I used to be a before face reading it was all handwriting analysis like. I would.

I would. I. I would spend years analyzing people's handwriting because it's a valid psychological test. Then people stop writing right.

Signatur yeah yeah. I. I can still do it with signatures. But.

I almost never get a full handwritten sample and the system. I was taught all focused on um on cursive now what's interesting from a graph analytical perspective is that one of the. First things we're going to talk about the three zones of the head there's almost a direct correlation between the three zones taught in handwriting analysis and three zones of the face that we're going to talk about which. I think is really cool right.

Because that makes it useful right. Uh yeah you um. I want to learn about. I'm.

So. I'm doing a lot hearing uhu. So. I'm trying.

I'm sort of interested in seeing my owns seeing your own face have you have do you have a mirror reading face yeah that's more yeah um that's that's a mixed blessing because every morning you get up you look. In you look. In the mirror and it's a different face it's a different. I was like oh [ __ ] because now you know what you got to work on it can it can.

But if you look. At your face throughout the day you'll see a lot. I don't usually look. At it right.

In the morning. I give it. I give it a little bit of time um. But a lot of times because you're dehydrated in the morning a lot of lines that are hidden you can see yes.

Is there layers can you look. At the base and like say clear one thing. But. Then go back like you become more aware there ler sometimes it really depends on what techniques you're using lilian's technique for.

Lilian would always refer out like when she would one of the things that happens when you become a face reader is you become an abreaction generator on steroids it's like you talk to somebody say hey what happened when you were five and you're doing therapy for three hours because there's some weird energetic neurological connection that happens when you when you focus in on somebody and your mirror neurons link up this is my theory on it your miror neurons link up information starts flowing back and forth and your in from the uh your intuition your attention will get pulled to a certain feature can you tell though like by looking at somebody that this there was a certain event when they were five. I can tell that there was an event when they were five. I don't know what it is oh. But you can actually say.

EV when they were yes. Would you do any of the reading on us. I probably will yeah yeah no. No.

What how many face readers do we have just moss and. So if. I you know and you know. Richard's been at the back of the room for 57 face reading classes.

So yeah we we again. I'm gonna give you guys a chance to play with some of this right. It's not just. David lecturing.

But you got to you got to have you know again if this is the scope of everything that there is to cover in the two hours or three hours. I have. I got this much right. He he knows my pattern right.

So. I'm gonna and that's why. I do this at the this is the little ritual. I go through at the beginning of of every event.

So. I know how to. Target what you guys came for right. Or.

I just make an arbitrary decision and give you the illusion of control. So all right. Uh. Nigel what do you want to learn n.

I'm sorry okay. You're a smart man smart man trust no. One oh that's a good one yeah. I'll tell you it seems like there's going to be a lot a lot of you guys are really focused on uh on light on the.

LI detection aspects of things which is a little bit more active. But we can cover some of that stuff if that's what you want. Tony in what context okay. Right.

Cool let's start there. Then young lady um. I want to focus on when. IET some what to make feel good what attributes to make them feel good about themselves okay.

Warm fuzzies which actually that's actually a pretty good tactic because one of the things that will happen when you start whipping out the face reading people will line up and you will be the most popular fascinating person in any venue where you where you do this right. And if you employ three magic questions the echo technique the other things that we teach in killer influence and and you won't get out of that room for a long time yes. Technically if they believe their lies they're not lying huh yeah oh this is gonna get political real quick. But the truth is yeah yeah someone who believes their lies is simply wrong right.

There's a possibility and. I'll tell you how that works there's there are these things in. NLP we teach it comes actually from conversation. I know it's called analog marketing.

So analog markeing is if. I'm talking to you. But because. I have peripheral vision and.

I'm and. I'm talking because. I'm gesturing at this gentleman here his unconscious mind is actually paying attention. So even though everybody's eyes.

Are tracking me my attention is here and. So. I can be installing things in him through my analog mark one of the ways that we discovered analog marking was by observing people one of the things that happens a lot of times is that they'll people will tell you something and part of them wants to believe it and other part doesn't. So they'll do things like and.

I absolutely agree that that's the way to go right. Now that's not 100% you have to create a baseline what do they do normally versus deviation from the. Baseline to really pick that out. But a lot of times when people are conflicted you'll see that negation not even if they're espousing something that they think they believe there's a part of them somewhere that isn't sure.

I had a uh. I made the mistake when. I was in undergrad back in. O.

Oklahoma. City uh. I was the. I was uh the vice president of leadership for f f.

Kappa and um we had gone on a on a trip and uh somebody had brought alcohol on the trip and my counselor had gotten in trouble for it and the even though she she has nothing to do it she wasn't even in the room. But they tried to to drum her out of it and. So one of the thing we and we all called a meeting because we were fighting to keep our advisor and. I sat down with the the chapter and.

I said okay. When you start grilling the dean never a good idea when you start grilling the dean watch his head movements and sure enough he would say it's not political you know we're not trying to get rid of her right. But there's nothing we can do and every everybody in one and. Then some idiot said you're lying.

I. So. Anyway be careful here's here's here's the takeaway just because you know doesn't mean you show because when you start peeling back the layer on human behavior you're going to find out that the vast majority of times people don't know what they believe and people are going to lie to you all the time for stupid reasons over stupid [ __ ] okay. The worst thing you can do strategically is go around pointing everybody out they won't thank you okay.

The best strategy unless it's really important that you just call them on their [ __ ] in that moment the best strategy is to let them think you them and make contingencies you understand there are times when you have to nail people's feet to the floor and say you're lying problem is how many you read the book. Um talking to strangers or what was that book. By right. Right.

One of the problems that you're going to have is what we call truth bias we always want to give other humans the benefit of the doubt now the other side of that is we are terrified of. Confrontation. So it's never in your best interest to call someone on their line unless you're willing to live with the repercussions of that confrontation because the moment you confront somebody about deception that relationship changes forever especially if it's a big deal okay. And.

So that's something you need to understand a lot of people don't believe lies because they're fooled they believe lies because they choose to because the alternative is much more painful they don't want the confrontation they don't want the conflict they just want to go along to get along okay. And that's a harsh truth you have to understand that uh yes. Lily you're welcome. So do pathological.

Liars believe their sometimes and and when you take the poly test and pass it without yes. Uh the the yeah because most most um polygraphs are based on galvanic skin response which is basically a measure of stress and somebody who is not feeling a lot of stress who's having a good time which is what happens with a lot of psychopaths there's this thing you'll hear about called duping. Delight because most. Psychopaths think they're smart most narcissist and sociopaths think they're smarter than everybody else in the room.

So every time they pull off a lie they feel happy. But you can flag them with their micro. Expressions because they'll get this little this little smile for a fraction of a. Second right.

So learning micro. Expressions is a good thing. But it takes time right. And you always have to be checking because a micro expression will tell you that emotion is being processed.

But it won't tell you what wire will be what triggered it just that it happened in that moment right. It it basically for. I'm going to get like all neural linguistic on you for a moment when you see micro these little micro. Expressions what you're seeing is a response to what we call a trans derivational search.

So trans derivational search is if. I said the word cat. Okay. Every one of you just rent little part of your subconscious mind ran back through your memory pulled up all the files to the word cat spit up the one that was most relevant to you and that's what you're focused on right.

Now. But it opened all the files connected to all those memories are emotions if you have if you happen to bring up a good memory of a cat you probably smiled a little bit if it was a not. So good memory of a cat like if you talk to. Richard about his uh his uh hairless cats you won't see a smile you'll see a that looks like a smile.

But it's more like. I want to bite a head off a cat. But. Anyway um the emotion that comes up is what triggers the micro expression because if it's a negative memory and you don't and you want me to to believe that you're having a good time you're going to you're going to suppress that right.

So that's what we look. For when we look. At micro. Expressions we're looking for suppressed emotions right.

Uh who did. I uh what's your name. Christine welcome what do you want to learn tonight well hopefully there will be a replay most of us were just jumping around to hook. A feeling.

So you're good okay. Lily did you have anything else you wanted to add or was that oh we could be here for another three days like okay. Casia this is my daughter. Kasi everybody say hi yeah oh you've been around a while.

Then okay. Oppos of was asking how toti. I'm asking hard to the hardest things to notice. I'll let you know when.

I figure that out okay. All right. All right. So let's start about something that's that's immed how many people ever have to talk to people and get them to decide something all right.

So let's talk about zones of the face really quick because this is probably um do we have any questions from our. YouTubers or. Zoomers or anything uh probably be a good idea they're both up uh yes. I do they're right.

There. Moss why don't you come up and give them a tutorial on how to use a microphone he loves when he gets attention this is not talking into a microphone this is also not talking into a microphone this is also talking into a microphone you laugh trust me one of you [ __ ] is going to do it because doing this still not talking this is talking into a microphone. I'm talking to this part like it's a megaphone. I'm not yelling.

But. I'm talking through it. So if. I go further than not talking talking in the microphone right.

About not talking doesn't mean the microphone okay. So like this distance this is talking into the microphone. So the people who may be listening from online or if we do anything with the recording of this it's usable and people know why. David's saying what he's saying because someone asked a cool question we talk into the microphone okay.

So thank you. Moss you laugh. But it happens every single event right. Uh you okay.

David. I have a question right. So um don't start talking until the microphone is in your hand okay. And uh yeah.

I think my must covered. I think there was something. I wanted to cover. But we'll we'll focus on that.

Later all right. So what you're seeing here make this a little bit bigger. So when we talk about the face we're going to divide the face into different zones and there's many different ways that we can do this we're going to talk about the ones that are most immediately relevant. First thing.

I want to talk about is your public face versus your private phas okay. This is actually an interesting thing because it has correlation with handwriting analysis the left side of your face is your private face the right. Side of your face is your public face now one of the things that you'll learn uh if you spend any time in. Planet.

David. I. I spend a lot of time with people in both extremes of the behavioral sciences. Continuum.

I work with some of the top brainwashing and mind control experts out of the military. I also work with some of the most highly skilled mystical and metaphysics energy workers on the planet and one of the things they all agree on is that every human being is wearing a mask okay. Now the origins of that mask how it comes to be there's a little bit of contention there. But at the end of the day everybody in this room has a.

Persona that they want the world to perceive them as and you have one that you only take out when you're alone or with the people you trust the most okay. I know. But your face doesn't say that right. Now what what's interesting again this is something.

I've. Just. Seen over time. I've seen people's faces change as their environment and context change because you can shift identities one of the things that that anchors your identity is the environment.

So it's called um two two sub. Sciences. I often reference one is called object relations. Theory and the other's called embodied cognition your identity shifts as the environment shifts right.

This is why when we're doing like you're doing cult work or cult deprogramming right. One of the. First things a cult's going to do is they're going to remove all of your context anchors they're going to cut you off from your family they're going to cut you off from your friends they going to cut you off from every environment that is familiar to you and get you into a place where none of those things are accessible and. Surround you with people and rules that they want you to install and because your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system wants to survive in that environment it will create a new persona it will create a new identity okay.

We won't get into cult deprogramming and stuff although we do talk about that we have a a class coming up uh in. August here as a matter of fact it's called defense against the dark arts of purs equation and manipulation and we'll talk about how to protect yourself from people using this kind of stuff to get to take advantage of it. So we we teach you both sides and if you want to defend yourself from this stuff you've got to know how to use it because if you don't know how to use it you can't identify it if you can't identify it you can't combat it okay. So one of the.

First things we want to look. At when we look. At a face is we want to look. At the symmetry.

So when functionally the. First thing we want to look. At are the major features. So the eyes.

The mouth the cheekbone and the nose is the eye are the eyes. The same size or is one bigger than the other is one more open than the other okay. I'll show you some some pictures of that we'll talk about a lot about the eyes. In terms of the architecture of the face the more the eye is held open the more open that person is.

So you're asking how do you know someone's being authentic look. At their look. At how open the eye is the more somebody starts to conceal filter analyze the more the eyelids start to close you'll see them squint okay. Somebody whose eyes.

Are naturally small or held closer is someone who is much more selective in the information they let in and very much about the information they let out. So bigger whiter. So if they have small eyes. But they hold them up they open up they hold them all very wide open and by open.

I mean can see most of the iris right. If you see someone that looks like this they're about to freak out on you that's not what we're looking for. But if you can see most of the iris you've got someone who's holding an eye relatively open okay. Now when you get into behavioral profiling we'll talk about two different other aspects of the eyes.

We'll talk about. Blink rate and shutter speed blink rate is the amount of times in a minute that you blink shutter speed is how slowly or quickly those eyes. Open and close. So one is the number the other is the speed when somebody likes what's happening when they're feeling safe when they're feeling comfortable the blink rate slows down the shutter speed slows down when they get tense when they get nervous when they don't like what's going on everything speeds up pupils will get bigger when they like what's going on they'll get smaller when they don't right.

So there's three traits right. In the eyes. That you can start tracking okay. But for.

General openness what we look. For is how how how wide open are the eyes. Right. We'll talk about the whites of the eyes.

A little bit. Later because that's usually a warning sign there's some cultural. Miss to there because you'll have your agents who have naturally because of their skin show less of that well you create a baseline right. And what you'll see is as you as you talk to them the eyes.

Will change. But someone whose eyes. Are you could always tell somebody who's like really popping their eyes. Open or not right.

And that's what we're looking for now what you'll see a lot of times is um people who've gone through a lot of criticism in their life the eyelids will start to droop because for some reason when when we when we receive criticism the eyelids start to just kind of lose their energy okay. It's really interesting especially when you start clearing that [ __ ] you see the eyelids pop up pretty interesting right. But this is the. First thing we want to look.

At. So the left side is your private phase the right. Side is your public phase right. As we go through the different traits one of the things we're always looking at is symmetry.

So. I'm going to be teaching you the emotional map of the face shortly when. I start looking at the emotional map of the face when. I look.

At the lines on this side of the face are they longer or deeper on one side than the other the longer and deeper they are tells you where the majority of that emotion is being held in the private face is in their public face a lot of times what you'll see is there's a lot less marking on the public side because there's a certain level of dissociation that we have and a certain level of distance that we try to keep from the world. So we don't. Mark quite as deeply yeah on a. Second we don't have anything else all right.

How differentiate between lines that are caused by like sleeping on your to at night causing vertical lines well. First of all by by noon they should be gone how do you how do you differentiate between lines that are are supposed to be there from life experience versus sleeping or sleeping on a pillow yeah well what's interesting is it doesn't seem to make a difference now um yeah when when you start processing these things it's it's it doesn't seem to matter because you guys were asking a lot about the lines here right. A lot of people with these lines are smokers. But what these lines indicate is over is uh over nurturing these people have a uh a very strong they have a very strong.

Behavior they're constantly nurturing everyone around them. But they're not getting nurtured in return and. So they start to develop these lines across here a lot of these people are also smokers the question is why are they smoking what are they not getting right. Yes.

So what about the people who didn't have those lines to begin with. But somehow lost their teeth and. Then they started the way that they were eating they started making those lines mhm is that still considered over nurturing here's where it gets really weird the behaviors. And the emotions can trigger the facial marking.

But changes in your facial architecture can trigger behaviors they can be they can it's it's a feedback loop it's it's weird yeah lilan told the story once. I tell this story a lot because it's it's pretty interesting. Lillian had a client whose son was a star football player he was a high school. Superstar and he was apparently.

So good that the the they were trying to recruit him right. Out of high school and as a graduation he had. But he had this massive jaw like super huge like cromag non level jaw and as a graduation present his mom got him plastic surgery. So they removed this big chunk of bone out of his jaw now again.

I'm trying not to to teach you the. Chinese medicine part. But your bone is related to a material in your body called. Jing which is your physical potential.

So a lot of your talents and a lot of your abilities are based on your. Jing. So when you go in and you you remove that bone you're removing potent he lost his ability to play football is it just this bone any bone yeah we're talking about the face. But remember that your body isn't integrated.

I can diagnose your entire body from your face. I can also treat your entire body from your face yeah okay. That one of the things that they did if if there was if there was a marking they wanted to get rid of they would actually needle it and that organ would get better. I can't.

I won't. But yeah. I can now run across people who have very different skin texture than me okay. And with particularly one person that.

I know and she has a very very whish in texure and it's. I don't know it's a lot more problematic when it comes to wrinkles and stuff isn't that something you might want to take into account we take it into account like when you're dealing with a lot of people who are africanamerican. African-Americans don't tend to wrinkle quite as much as. Caucasians and.

Asians. Asians that age. Anyway. But.

I'm married to. Chinese wom. I know right. Right.

But. So we don't always look. At that right. We look.

At what's obvious to us right. I can. I can be. I can be very static and.

I can tell you about your hairline. I can tell you about the. Jing. I can tell you about your relationship with your parents.

I can tell you um all kinds of really interesting how you're you're not as attached to your family as some people are okay. And here's what. I mean. I'm better than that this lady here is very attached to what goes on in her family even if she's separ ated by.

Miles if she hears like something someone on the east coast is having a problem it bothers her a lot you it's a terrible thing. But you can deal with it right. The way you look. At that is see how attached your earlobe is that's attachment can.

I something really that's interesting. But you said family though you have four kids and. But he just yeah when. I talk about this what.

I'm saying is it's not necessarily that you actually know your family it's well again there's exceptions to every rule. But what. I was taught was when people have these these attached earlobes they're very much affected by what goes on in their family much more. So than people.

I like all my family with the exception of when. I married right. They all live on the east coast and. I'm.

So happy right. So things that go on there they don't affect me the same way um as some like. But my kids they have super attached earlobes. So like everything's everything's drama right.

But it's interesting. So when with your four kids right. How close are you with them okay. Yeah no.

It's all right. It's. I. I don't know.

I'm just. I just look. And. I.

I tell you what. I see it's either right. Or it isn't. I'm not attached to it no.

Pun intended right. Uh because sometimes you're right. Sometimes you're not. But it's right.

More often than it isn't. Okay. So this lady has very attached ear loses right. So left side is what right.

Side public okay. Let's start there okay. For our. Next trick uh let's talk about decision making and this is when you guys are going to get to uh practice on each other.

So you can divide the face horizontally into three basic zones you have have the upper. Zone which is usually measured from the the eyebrow to the top of the head now that's what. Lillian taught me what. I will do sometimes is.

I will measure from the eyebrow to the hairline. But that's not how. I was taught originally. So when.

I when you guys start playing with it it's always safer to go from the uh the eyebrow to the top of the head that's your ab we call the heaven. Zone in. Chinese medicine people have a very pronounced upper. Zone tend to be into abstract think they're very creative they're very imaginative they're they're very data driven what not necessarily because it can be very round right.

It's about the size yeah right. So these people tend to be very data driven now they can be very imaginative and creative they can be very linear thinkers. But they're super data driven right. They're they're all in their head now we all do that we all the middle zone is our pragmatic zone.

So when you see people who have a much broader much wider middle. Zone these are people who are very pragmatic they want to know what this will do for me right. So you can go say. I look.

At this data you won't believe it what's gonna do for me how can. I use it that's what they want to know do that make sense okay. So if you go in you start screaming about data to a pragmatic person they're like yeah what can. I do with that right.

Conversely if you go to a data driven person say. I got this thing it's going to make your life. So easy show me the data you understand we we all have these. But there's a proportion okay.

Does that make sense. Finally the lower. Zone and by the way you measure from. U the eyebrow to the base of the nose here okay.

So when. I look. At somebody when. I look.

At. Christine for example. I'm going to look. At the relative height of her of her forehead to her uh middle.

Zone to her upper zone. So she's much more interested she's much more focused on how she can use this she wants to know the data and. Then she'll decide if she likes it or not okay. It's just rela it takes a little bit of an eye that's why.

I recommend youall grab a straight edge and and play with this. So the way you do it is is really simple you just measure the relative proportions and. Then you organize them by high smallest largest to smallest and when you present to them that's how you present your information that sense right. It's that it's really that simple right.

Now if you're if you're presenting pragmatic information to somebody who's very feeling or gut driven is that going to work maybe maybe not depending on what you're presenting. But they're going to have to translate it because they'll probably ask you well how can. I use that right. Or.

I. I'll see how. I feel about it right. So this is the.

First thing we're going to play with. I want you to go around and. I want you to measure each other's zones. So um.

I don't have a straight edge can. I get something this will work okay. So. I don't have to pay her.

So. So one of the things. I. I it's always better to have.

I like to use straight edges whenever. I can right. So. So this is roughly the height of her middle zone.

So if. I put this here. So what do you notice are the. Zone her middle zones bigger okay.

So she would like to know how she can do something. But. I can tell you right. Now she's data she's extremely data driven like she wants to know how to do things.

But she will like study and. Google and. So. So what would be the relative proport what would be the if you had us like one two three in terms of which is her biggest.

Zone the middle. Zone okay. What was. Second biggest one what was.

Third biggest okay. So. I would present to her. I say.

I'm. GNA teach you how to do this this and this here's how it works or here's why it works how do you feel about that and it's it's literally like that simple does that make sense right. Now obviously. I'm.

I'm being painting very broad. Strokes because there's things. I want to get to. But this is something that when.

I was. First introduced to this this is one of the charts that. Lillian showed us that. I thought was immediately useful public versus private decision making because this will be largely consistent from.

Context to context right. So whether she's buying a house she's buying a dress pick a boyfriend right. That that strategy use the. NLP term will largely be.

Pro be consistent. So what. I'd like you guys to do is break up into let's have my face readers kind of help and prompt people break up into groups of two or three and just measure each other's zones and talk to them in that process and see how it registers right. Just one quick question do you ever consider when you communicate with somebody that you're focusing on one eye versus the other yes.

But we're not there okay. Yeah when we do when we're looking at sides of the face one of the things that. Lilian taught us was most people are righte dominant. So they tend.

So if. I'm looking at. Casia. I will tend because.

I'm right. Ey dominant. I will look. At my use my right.

Eye and look. At her right. Eye and that's good for seeing the public face. But if you want to see the private face you actually have to cover the left eye or cover the right.

Eye and look. This way. So that's one of the things she taught us we teach that in the face reading class. But again there's only.

So. So many things. I can share with you that's not going to inundate you yeah yeah and really trust me it's right. Okay.

Questions about anything all right. Grab a piece of paper and measure some zones we'll take uh let's take five 10 minutes for this shouldn't take you long. I would recommend you measure it because sometimes your eyes. Can trick you.

I use head well. I often use the hairline. But. I wasn't taught that.

So use the top of the head and don't be surprised if some people are really close to balanced people who are really balanced are very indecisive did you eyeball it or did you physically measure it that's what. I thought to quote. Obi-Wan your eyes. Can deceive you don't trust them want to really impressive use $100 bill because it's six in to yeah you could actually that's not a bad idea well you could use any.

Bill any. Bill work yeah. Richard was recommending if you want a consistent measuring device use a dollar bill well that works too. But you do have to turn them in when you're done.

So have to show your work this is. I sometimes use fingers like he is because what it does gets your feels to they are they're very close. So what is it. So this person balances between what it'll do and what they know and.

Then they decide how they feel about it okay. Yeah when they're when all when all three zones are really balanced that person often has trouble making a decision one more thing are these your natural eyebrows well. I mean they were probably a little bit. But.

But that's the natural curve and you have what we call cortison eyebrows what that means is you have this ability to deal with difficult people very very. So like right. Well that's true you manage them well okay. Right.

So this was a very very desirable eyebrow line in. Chinese uh. Chinese courts because it was because this this kind of person was able to deal with these arrogant egotistical hard to get along with corders right. And and make them feel okay.

And stuff like that offer services okay. So we'll show you about we'll tell you about that towards the end right. Like she's got she's got cool eyebrows um well um. So you have thyroid problems do you okay.

Might want to have it checked not it's not it's nothing major. But a lot of times when you see a thinning in the. Second half of the eyebrow that can be an indicator of a thyroid that maybe is a little on the low side okay. But honest ly um you have a real real you have a good liver were you athletic were you athletic okay.

Okay. When you see really strong eyebrows like this this someone who tends to lean more towards the pcle what you could change uh not in the context of face reading no. Other things yes. For sure yeah face reading the way.

I was taught is almost entirely diagnostic um which is a problem because. I'm a. I'm a fix it person. So like halfway through a five-day training.

I'd be like having. Twitches because. Lil would be diagnosing everybody and all. I wanted to do was fix it.

But they never fixed anything she would always refer out. So when. I got my hands on the system. I integrated the face reading with the therapist.

So we can fix it as we find it all right. That's fine no. You're fine how we doing what' we learn come back to the room where's my gong we haven't done the full instruction yet. So remember folks it's.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors or the word boobies offend you not the best best use of your evening have a seat bring out your dead okay. Just some rule when we do trainings we have we call the gong rule okay. First gong five minute warning means you have five minutes to finish whatever process you're doing two gongs means get your ass back in the seat right.

Now because we're moving on right. So. I don't spend a. I don't a lot of times.

I don't get the opportunity to let you guys break out and practice and and study these things with each other. So we're going to have to make sure that we manage our time efficiently. So this is something that. I thought was really really useful and it turned out to be pretty consistent now do you have to know the the exact firing sequence of a person's decision strategy no.

You can lead with their primary one and have a pretty good chance of of nailing it right. What's interesting is how many people ever heard of. U. Barnum statements.

Barnum statements okay. Barnum statement if you've ever read uh your horoscope and the the the things they tell you are. So generic they could apply to anyone there is a a place for that. But that's not what.

I want to talk about what. I do want to talk about is a weird phenomena that happens in mentalism excuse me. What specifically did. I interrupt moving on.

So one of the things that's interesting about when you're doing cold readings on people and. I don't know why that. God built this this way. I don't know why you could throw 10.

Barnum statements at somebody and be wrong on nine of them you only got to hit it once and they start hanging on every word and they become hypers suggested okay. We don't do that. But what's interesting is that same phenomena will manifest when you get a hit okay. So use that.

However you want to use it when we start looking at faces we want to know that we want to know how what's their primary way of relating to the world are they data driven are they are they more in their head are they more focused on what can. I do with this or are they more gutter instinctive driven right. Um and use that the. Next thing we want to look.

At and this is where it gets a little bit more in depth emotion when we start looking at emotion these are very very consistent and. I'm we're going to break we're going to do this the way. I would normally teach my my face reading class we're going to do this in in clusters we're going to start with three to five traits. I'm going to let you guys break up look.

For the trait talk about the trait. So here's how you talk about the trait. First one you're going to learn is called skepticism skepticism manifests as a line about mid eyebrow and tracks towards the lateral side of the face now this is a bilateral every one of these is bilateral except the ones down the middle. So just because it shows up here on the on the chart doesn't mean it doesn't happen here does that make sense.

So we go in a clock in a in a clock phase skepticism manifest she's great yeah yeah you see a lot in lawyers too. So the the skepticism line manifests mid eyebrow and tracks laterally the right. Now when you talk about the line you don't go up and say you're one skeptical. B right.

It's that's not how you do it okay. That's going to trigger reactants and denial right. What you say is oh my. God you have such a beautiful face and that you know.

I notice you have a line here and many people who have this line often have a healthy dose of skepticism they they don't take anything at face. Val they always make sure that they they check their facts before they've you know bought into something would that be true for you there we go right. So a lot of people when you when you just give them a declarative statement their defenses go up and even if they have the trait they will deny it because the idea of somebody able being able to look. Into them and read them terrifies them the other part you want to look.

At is just because you see something doesn't mean you should say something okay. Because this stuff can also be used as a weapon. I had a guy. I'm not proud of it.

I had a guy uh when. I was teaching out in. Virginia. Russian guy and he found out.

I was a faith reader and he just kept poking the. Bear right. And this is before. Richard joined us and um.

So like. I. I just reached my limit. So.

I decided to give him a reading and. I just and the guy was in tears in five minutes because it creates when you open people up this way it creates a tremendously powerful. Rapport and that nervous system becomes incredibly open to your influence one of the reasons why. I thought it was such an amazingly powerful tool for the influence trainings that we do it's because when you whether you're a mentalist a face reader a palm reader psychic whatever you want whenever you demonstrate.

Insider knowledge of a person's. World their nervous system becomes hypers suggestible to you it just happens okay. We're built for it don't blame me blame. God right.

I'm just. I didn't. I didn't. I don't make the rules.

I just exploit. I mean right. Yes. Are you bog guarding my microphone.

Maybe uhhuh don't. I always actually you do um. So when it comes to um face reading because that. I'm creating another bad habit.

I'm face reading people that's something you might want to cancel if there was a subscription. I would cancel it okay. Um. I work in downtown and.

I tend to talk to a lot of people in downtown and. I'm starting to face do face reading on them now. I some just came to mind if they're being if was myam out if they're being hyper suggestible does that mean when you're done face reading and. I go on my.

Merry way are they suggestible to other people or is it just you mostly you that window will start to close the minute their attention is no. Longer on you. But you will be anchored to that. So don't be yeah again this is this is.

I'm not it's not good or bad it is something that you need to manage though if you're going to if you're going to do face reading like the way. Moss is trained to do it and. I'm trained to do it you know. Jake is learning to do it there's a certain responsibility that goes with that right.

Just could because again when people know you're a face reader they'll line up right. How many of you in the. Last 25 30 minutes. I wonder if you can tell me something about me right.

You're all doing it right. You're all wait. I hope he comes the me. Next.

I hope he it some people have less impulse controls right. All right. So skepticism is the. First one what there it's not it's oh we'll get to those traits that you go through in life as a result of things you experience okay.

So the. Next one we're going to look. At and these are ones that you should all you all have these. So again you'll avoid taking these as suggestions that there's something wrong with you okay.

The. Next set of lines we're going to look. At are some of the most common ones the ones a lot of us hate the most. First one is called.

Joy now joy in. Chinese medicine uh is a little bit different than um the way we consider. Joy here in the. United.

States. Joy is kind of like kind of that contentment happy kind of a sereness whereas uh joy in a. Chinese medical context is more like. I won the lottery and drops over from a heart attack like.

Mania right. So excessive. Joy damages the heart okay. But the good kind of.

Joy well we've done a lot of smiling will manifest as. Tiny lines at the outer canthus of the eye that. Trend upward towards the eyebrow they will generally in a healthy person not go past the eyebrow when they travel past the eyebrow you up with orange skin a bad hairpiece at 3 o' in the morning tweeting. I'm s well my point is because you can actually go to the videos and see this people with this with a line that ex up the side are very prone to manic hyperactive behaviors now here's the interesting part about hyperactive episodes people in this uh in these phases can be extremely creative and productive right.

But they also tend to get more and more megalomaniac and narcissistic as they go up the. Spectrum um they tend to be more sensation oriented um and they often can be quite promiscuous now it doesn't mean if you got these lines that you're going to we're going to find you you know in the backseat of someone's car tonight. But. But when you see these lines these people are going to have periods where they're just off the charts they may stay up for three four days at a time okay.

Um everything again. I'm. I'm an linguistic programmer. So nothing is good or bad is just useful or isn't there's a lot of people with these lines who are amazingly creative productive people and there are people who are just moving from.

One. Drug. High to the. Next same lines right.

So it's the energy that's cre that's created is similar. But how it's expressed determines whether it's good or bad right. So when you see the lines trending up we're looking at someone who's had a lot of. Happy.

Times been a lot of time you know more or less joyful. But if you have a line that. Trends downward the lines. I want you to focus on now are the lines that we have we call sadness sadness starts at the outer canvas.

But now instead of going up like. Joy it comes down. But it's very short if there's been a lot of sadness and it's been there for a long time and it hasn't been processed it's been denied or ignored which is what a lot of us do those lines will start to deepen and it becomes sorrow if it's still not addressed if it if it just keeps getting added to it becomes grief now if you look. At we'll get a little.

Medical on you really quick here um you look. At the lines. I just showed you sadness sorrow grief lost love when these. L when you have people coming in those of you who are therapists if you have people coming in with lung problems.

COPD empyema asthma look. At their face chances are that if you start doing like hypnosis or some kind of regression work the breathing pattern will change and they'll start that's a grief that's a grief breath okay. So a lot of times people with lung issues will. Mark in that area of the face they'll have deep wrinkles they'll have what we call.

Jing depletion. Jing depletion is different from an emotion necess from an emotion line an emotion line is like a wrinkle okay. But how many people here have ever seen a dried. Creek bed okay.

So you know when you look. At the dried. Creek bed the wrinkles all kind of like crisscross right. That's.

Jing depletion that means there's a physiological issue going on with the lung somewhere because there's a deficiency. I actually have it if you look. At if you look. At my area here.

I was actually born with a lot of lung problems i'. I've had to go through a lot of breathing pns things like that to counterbalance. So when you look. At these emotions there's always going to be a correlation between an organ system and an emotional range.

So the longer the line the deeper the line the older it is the longer they've had it okay. Now if. I see someone's face what's the. First thing.

I'm going to do. I see lines here what am. I going to do. I look.

Over here where are they deeper or are they symmetrical if. I see deeper lines on their left side of their face what do. I know they're repress there's a lot more stuff going on in their personal side the the face they're not showing the world out here they may be all. Brave get a stiff up a lipid that and here they may be [ __ ] they may be just locking it down and trying to trying to cope right.

So that's what. I'm looking at when. I talk about the different lines of the face the depth the length things of that nature they all mean something okay. Don't believe me go question your.

Uber driver. I say that because they will not shut up right. Okay. So sadness sorrow grief the longer the line the older it is the more that's buried there okay.

Now this line is a little bit different it's they all deal with loss. But in this particular situation uh. Lillian used to call this a lost love line and on the surface it sounds like a romantic thing. But it's actually not the dsts had a uh a concept known as.

Ming or destiny also known as golden path you might hear me refer to that in my trainings from time to time they would they believe that every human being came into this world they took. On a body to fulfill a certain. Mission a certain set of goals in life and you were given certain qualities and attributes in your. Jing that material substance of your body that held certain traits for you certain talents and you there are certain things that you were just meant to do that are that bring you tremendous tremendous.

Joy like when when you do these things it feels like this is what you were meant to do everything is good with the world right. And when you don't get a chance to do them life is kind of uh right. So the best example that. I can give you is mine people often ask come up to me after a training or whatever and they say how can you teach for 12 days straight and still have energy how many people have been to some of my.

Marathon trainings where. I just go right. Um one of uh. Richard's friends was filling in for him one time when.

I went to. Hypno. Thoughts where. I literally teach for 14 days straight and the guy that was running my camera used to work for copper field and all these other high level entertainers out there and he came up to me on like day 11 of my 14-day training was.

I have never seen anyone teach 11 straight days on different topics and still be as energized as you are it's because when. I was born. I was given extra energy reserves for this okay. I can teach as long as there's a training going on.

I'll keep going like. I just. I can do that right. Get me in front of my children.

I'm done it a half an hour right. Give me math problems. I fall asleep before. I write my name on the paper right.

There's certain things. I'm we and you all have those you have things that's like a duct to water you can just do it you can do it a lot and it makes you feel good that's part of your. Ming that's part of why you came here and. So every time you do that your heart sinks huh on your face that oh it's in my hairline and my in my forehead yeah um well again we don't have time to do all of it.

But. I'll. I'll play with it a little bit. But why am.

I talking about this because if there's something that is such an important part of your life that it makes your heart sting whenever you do it and for some reason it goes away that's where this line comes from this one the. Lost. Love. Line the.

Lost. Love. Line starts at the inner canthus and. I've seen several variations on this some of them go just they just travel down like.

So through that lung area sometimes they come from here they travel across to the sadness line and. Then track down through through grief and sorrow in either case what happened was this person lost something that was part of their. Ming something that was part of their every time they did it their heart just opened up. So in our golden path workshops when we're going and diagnosing what your golden path might be if we see these lines we're going to find out what you lost and help you find a way to get it back or heal yes.

There's there's really based on what. I was taught and what. I've seen clinically and what my students have seen clinically there's no. Line on your face that's permanent in fact um.

I might invite her uh. Kelly. U. Warrington was uh.

Lillian. Bridges number one uh student she lives here in. San. Diego.

I was shown pictures of. Kelly like 20 years ago when she started training with lilan she has wrinkles everywhere the same woman looks like she's in her 40 she's almost 70 there's not a freaking line on her face because she's done all the processing work okay. It's you don't have to believe. I don't care if you believe me or not right.

Just go do it go read people and see what happens yes. So when it comes to someone who has mental issues oh boy yes. They don't have any lines in their face. But you know they have trauma how can you see that in their face their eyes.

There's a concept in. Chinese medicine known as. Shen. Shen means.

Spirit heart and mind okay. The quality of a person's. Shin can be seen in the light that emits from the eyes. And in the light emanating from.

Under the. Skin. So when you have someone with. Muddy.

Shin it's very very obvious in the eyes. When some from a face reading perspective when somebody lies to you you will see their eyes. Darken they'll like dim and the spirit the. Vitality that's emanating from it will shift okay.

It's really it's kind of weird. But that's one of the ways that you look. At that um the the. Shen if.

I have time maybe. I'll show you some pictures. I'll show you clear clean. Shen versus muddy.

Shen right. But there's a light um that that comes from the eyes. Now there's different types of what. I call negative.

Shen and you'll see that in sociopaths and. Psychopaths and things of that nature sociopaths and. Psychopaths will have either very cold. Shen or they'll have anti-.

Shen [ __ ] might as well show you me during. Next break. I'll look. For the pictures.

But one if you if you ever see pictures of um. Ted. Bundy. Bundy's probably a really good example.

Bundy has very cold. Shin when you look. At his eyes. They're very bright.

But it's cold there's a cold energy to it you look. At. Someone. Like.

Richard. Ramirez the nightstalker he has anti-. Shen or negative. Shen there's this pool of.

Darkness around in and around his eyes. That sucks you in anti- right. Right. So he has.

Spirit. But it's it's one that will will suck your energy in and that's why they these people become very very mesmeric in their abilities right. Because you can when you pull someone's energy their mind follows. So there's an old saying where attention goes energy flows okay.

People with very bright. Shin are very attractive and. So like a moth to a flame they will gather people that doesn't mean they have the warmth and the. The.

Compassion that goes with that. So after a while if you've been doing face reading long enough you'll start to pick those things out and there's certain there's certain other behavioral tells that go with it. But that's something that if you just look. At the pictures you can start to see those things um okay.

So we have skepticism. Joy sadness sorrow grief lost love the. Last one um. I'm going to give you before.

I let you kind of look. For these things on each other do. I want to do that or not all right. A lot of you have this line a lot of you don't like it.

But it's a good thing. So a lot of you have this line that that that starts from the alanazi down towards the corner of the mouth from either side uh in. Chinese we would call this a falling line we call these purpose lines paron me in. English what this what this what this symbolizes is somebody who's on track in their life.

So uh the. Chinese say if you don't have these lines by the time you're 50 you're you're screwing up. So as as ugly as we often think these lines are they're actually a good thing it means you're on the right. Track you're doing the things you're supposed to be doing.

But when we look. At people's faces what do we want to do right. Side public side private side where are the lines deeper where are they longer are they excessively long like you for example you have really you have actually two lines two lines that merge together right. This is a different this is different okay.

You are you are on track it's okay. You're going to survive. But there's another marking here we'll talk about. Later.

I don't want to do. I don't well again if they're getting work done. Then you have to look. At other things.

But everything has oh will yeah if you're getting. Botox in here this is a major liver area this will actually poison your liver and it will affect your emotions it's a everything we're doing with the face is a feedback loop what about something to the lips. Botox or some other filler some other filler. I'm going to say is relatively safe.

But anytime you're injecting a neurotoxin into your body that's never a good thing right. Uh. So collagens things of that nature as far as. I know there's not a super effect.

But. I've. I've heard stories both directions and you have. I think you have to test.

I think you have to test it. But. I do know that removing bone is never a good idea unless it's absolutely critical right. Um.

I've seen arguments or or cases where adding something has changed they're primarily like jewelry. So like person has a lot of um anger issues and they get a they get a stud through their eyebrow and they calm down or someone has a lot of um hyperactivity and they get a stud through their tongue and they calm down right. So. I've.

SE in my martial arts when. I was training uh pressure point work one of the things that because. I was taught some pretty high level stuff. I was taught always look.

For people with studs in their ears because they're easier to knock out the reason is is because the ear is an inverted fetus the head being here the spine and all the organs are in here. So when you take a metal stud and you put it through the head all the all the nerves the cranial nerves go and they become more sensitive. So they're it's easier to stimulate those nerves because they're already stimulated by the stud now. I learned that 40 years ago right.

And now we're seeing the these same things in face reading and stuff like that. So. But again there's a lot of things that still need to be tested. So this is why.

I'm one of the reasons. I'm sharing this is because. I want you to go out and play tell me what you find out right. But this is what 25 year 100.

Years of. Chinese medical observation has given us okay. So what if they're fat well when we look. At when we look.

At cheeks we want to look. At what we the cheeks are major. Earth area in addition to lungs the cheeks are major. Earth area.

Earth. Energy. So when we look. At at that particular facial feature what we want to look.

At is the quality of the skin. So someone who's very earthy will have very plump cheeks they'll be. But they'll have good tone to them someone who is chronically overweight has what we call false. Earth it would look.

Like somebody took. A big lump of paper mch and just flopped it on there that's healthier right. That's body armor okay. There's other things we can look.

At. But okay. So let's uh grab a body and look. At some faces let's take uh what time is it 8:44 um 10 minutes all right.

Work with as many different people as you can complement the feature before you talk about the feature [Music] we. I see. I see skepticism happiness well the funny haveck private side isim take picture side symmetry know's different out in a social context talking right. I mean you can see the differ yourself that's kind of and [Music] private one context is a different [Music] yourit private.

So your right. It's not quite pronounced. So you you don't as much speak see just one side is right. Side is l pronounced differ.

I can also. I. I [Music] [Music] fast people switch oh yeah more than one or two bra know like want. Pur.

David which is private and which is public your right. Private oh private you're you're thinking right. Side you're looking their left side your right. Is have to remember cross [Music] right.

So the question was asked testing testing the question was asked what about the lines that go across the forehead okay. First of all it's important to understand that. I am if. I am teaching you a sliver of all the information that you can see on the face.

So lines that go across the forehead. First of all chronologically uh this is your your teens to your 20s this whole area is your teens to your 20s. So when you have lines that go across these are life lessons that you've learned if they complete that means you finish the lesson if they only go part way you're still working on it right. So just to give you a quick idea of what that looks like we can track your life up to about 120 give or take.

So for most for men and women this isens to 20s. But the men map goes from uh right. To left to right. The female map goes from right.

To left same markings okay. Um now what's interesting remember. I said that part of face reading was divinatory this is again right. Turned into woo wuille.

But a lot of times when you have a life event you will. Mark at the age sometimes if you get a marking before you reach the age it means something is waiting for you okay. One of the other crazy things is that the ear will. Mark when your siblings were born.

So people would go to lilan and say can you tell me when. I'm going to have my. Next baby and she would say no. You go why because your your children aren't here see the mother doesn't.

Mark. The. Sibling marks very weird right. So um again there's whole there's a whole way to read the ear and stuff like that.

But it's more it's accurate more than it isn't it's crazy right. But this is that you're not going to go into a business meeting and say oh your sibling was born when you were seven that'll get you showing the door really quick right. It'll also you'll also. Mark um just from the.

Jing training side you'll also. Mark birth trauma like if you had trouble in utero or when you were when you were born it'll. Mark at your ear right. Yes.

M microphone why am. I the only one who uses the mic the only one asking questions what about the appearing and disappearing marks like for example. I actually have two. But they appear and disappear throughout like the the weeks like there'll be like a week or.

So that it starts appearing and another week or. So it disappears. So what's about sounds like you're something it's something you're processing. But it probably comes up when you're doing certain activities and goes away when you're not it happens yeah okay.

Now in in some other in some other video you mentioned that uh there was a woman who did beautiful thing on body language on head talks. Amy. Cy and. So.

I was watching her and. I noticed that she said. Gee if you've got those wonderful lines on the forehead that means you're a vzy or that you do heavy vizy processing okay. Yeah yeah visual visual.

High visual yeah you see the the the. Eye patterns for visual are up or straight ahead um. But some people don't do it that way which is why. I access in cues of all the things in.

NLP have gotten attacked the most it's not always 100% accurate um maybe. I don't know um it was not something that that was in my curriculum for face reading. But it may be something neurological that she's talking about. I can't say no.

I can't say yes. Okay. But definite maybe okay. You if you have enough of these data points here potential data points you can put them together in some kind of thing for and utilize.

AI for yes. And do some wonderful things yes. Yeah 100%. And.

I wouldn't be surprised if there's somebody out there doing that. I'm kind of old school. I can barely use. PowerPoint.

So. I can't spell. AI right. But.

I'm working on it. I'm working on it all right. Um. So skepticism.

Joy sadness sore grief humor when you see a a single now by the way a lot of these traits you may have the trait and not have the mark same thing with handwriting a lot of times uh you you'll see traits in the handwriting that or not see traits in the handwriting that you know should be there. But they're not why that is. I don't know. But one of the ones that is kind of fun is when you see a wrinkle in the in the middle of the lower lip is this some with a good strong sense of humor they can tell a good joke they appreciate a good joke okay.

These three lines. I want to talk about. Next these vertical line these vertical lines here this line here and these lines here. I call this the terrible.

Trio right. They can and often do manifest individually. But when. I see them all together on a face.

I get nervous let's explain why. So these vertical lines here are known as over nurturing lines and there's a story behind these lines people who manifest these lines often grow up with a belief system often taught to them by their parents as most belief systems are that it is better to give than to receive and that if you just give you'll get back and. So they adopt that as their. Credo and they move through the world giving and giving and giving and when there's no.

More to give they find more to give and they're still waiting to get back they're still waiting for the world to reciprocate to them the way they believe they're giving to others. So they're constantly giving they're nurturing their children they're nurturing their parents you see these lines a lot in hospice workers. Home. Health.

Care over nurturing they're giving away their. Jin to help other people okay. What happens over time is they see people not playing by these roles and getting stuff that they're not getting and that over nurturing that constant giving leads to disappointment which is a wrinkle that comes down from the mouth it continues and continues and that over nurturing goes from disappointment to bitterness and when you stay in bitterness long enough with no. Way out the body or the unconscious mind tries to cre create an exit strategy.

So many times these people will develop cancer doesn't mean if you have these three lines you're going to get cancer. So avoid taking that as a suggestion completely what it does mean is that if you've got these lines and you've got these lines you need to work on you you need to stop focusing on others and start nurturing yourself to the point where you feel guilty about it and nurture yourself some more okay. But the problem is is that they these people as a rule have have installed a belief system that you're supposed to give and you're supposed to give and you're supposed to give and. Then the world will give back and the world doesn't because the world takes that's how this world work that's how this reality works till you learn how to transcend that and that's where this comes from and these people will do all kinds of things to nurture thems like smoking or drinking or eating sleeping a lot right.

Because that's the only way they can get something for themselves that make sense right. So. I call. I.

I don't like these line. I have them. But. I have.

I have the disappointment line. I have them because. I have children [Laughter]. But the older don't worry about it.

I'm teasing um. So the. Next one. I want to talk about is um and.

Then we'll let you guys break up and look. At these the chin the chin is a major water area on the face now the the the water element of the body relates to your. Jing it relates to uh the emotions of wisdom and fear and anything that is in that range. So doubts they come from the kidneys lack of support kidneys okay.

The chin is is a measurement of your your strength of your will like when you're when you're faced with adversity how much can you pick yourself up by your bootstraps and just will yourself to do something okay. So what happens a lot of times when we experience a lot of fear that we haven't processed it will start to. Mark in the chin area now. Lillian has these in her this is from her book.

She has these as lines and wrinkles on the chart. I have never seen them as lines and wrinkles what. I see if you ever see an orange the dimpling on the orange skin that's what you see in the chin now sometimes it's only there when they do something like that. But if it's there and they're not doing that that's chronic fear that's fear that they've locked down if um some of you.

I came around. I showed you the bags under the eyes. This is another major water area if you see a lot of white puffiness here that's a paralyzing fear that's a fear that is keeping you from taking an action that just locks you up and we need to work on that those kinds of things. So if you see a lot of dimpling in the chin area this is somebody who's got a significant amount of fear that they've been holding on to or still struggling with okay.

Sorry not always fact. I what's interesting is. I see the. I see the pouches under the eye more than.

I see the dimpling on the chin just that's just a sample the population. I've seen. So far. But.

I see this a lot like a lot of you have this um. So we need to work on your kidneys basically your kidney energy your water energy um there is one other fear marking and it's it doesn't really appear in. Lillian's book. It's in her private courses and stuff like that sometimes you'll see lines wrinkles that start here and kind of circle around the chin llian says that that's what we call fear of death as people get older they start to.

Fe the the the shuffling off of the. Mortal coil and that starts to kind of manifest time goes on. So all right. Yes.

That's usually reproductive issues and um it's a fertility issue um. So you might yeah um when you see lines across here this is this is um usually related to has she had a hysterectomy by probably okay. So a lot of times you'll they'll be create this is this is called the. Sea of fertility or sea of creativity.

So a lot of times as people's. Jing starts to become more and more depleted and they have blockages the line will manifest across this way um buum is one of the the really powerful areas of the body we can really we can learn a lot about a person how a person is going to age or how they're more more more precisely we can we can measure how a person is going to get access to their. Jing as they age. So you'll have people.

I'll. Circle back to this in just a moment. So you'll have people that have um this kind of a filtrum you'll have people that have a straight filum and. Then you'll have people that have the um this kind of.

So this person with a straight filtrum this the the line the the space between the base of the nose and the upper lip. Okay. Yeah. So when you see a very straight line this is someone who's going to get a steady steady access to their uh their.

Jing as time goes on. So like they're strong when they're when they're young they're strong at middle age they're strong when they get older people with this kind of filtrum these are usually your high school athletes. I'm. I'm kidding.

But these are the people who peek early they have a lot of energy in their youth and as they get older that energy diminishes and diminishes and diminishes and diminishes and diminishes people with this kind of filtrum start off life relatively weak in. Constitution physical. Vitality things of that nature and as they age they get stronger okay. Once again the the length and shape and depth of the filtrum will tell us how much.

Creative. Energy the body has um usually someone with a very wide very long filtrum is meant to have lots of babies either physically or cognitively they have a lot of. Creative. Energy and it has to be used or it's going to turn against you.

So people with long deep strong fils should have lot are built for lots of babies if they're not going to have babies they should create works of art books something that energy has to go somewhere and that's how you make the most use of right. When you see a line right. Across that's a. Jing blockage there's a blockage in that energy somewhere usually emotional sometimes lifestyle a lot of times it's a little bit of both okay.

Okay. Um all right. Let's take well actually. I got about we end it officially at uh 10 right.

Okay. So here's what we're gonna do before we break up to do this group. I want to give all of you a gift for coming out and. I told you guys.

I give you guys all the best stuff right. I try to. Anyway. So what.

I've done uh usually to walk in my door back when. I was seeing clients on a full-time basis it was like three it's three grand to walk in my door now. But for everybody who came out tonight. I'd like to offer you all a free gift.

I'd like to offer you 30 minutes of. Moss's time it's a it's a 30- minute consultation and basically you come in and we offer all of our our prospective clients a 30-minute consultation to determine if your cases are fit for what we do if during that consultation you pass our screening uh we'll discuss strategies and tactics we're helping you get your stuff resolved in the shortest amount of time possible if we can help you we will we'll tell you if we can't help you we'll tell you that too because our success rate is based on the people we can help and knowing where that line is. So we're not going to waste your time we're not going to waste your money the consultation is my gift because. Moss is my protoge.

I have a lot of other things going on and. I trust. Moss implicitly he's he's been at a more train and. McDonald sells hamburgers uh and he sees a lot of clients he's a trained face reader uh he's a trained hypnotherapist he's he's going to get his.

Doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine probably in the. Next six to eight months he's going to graduate he should be graduating with me. But scheduling right.

Anyway um the 30- minute consultation is my gift to you if you want to come in hang out with moss you on. Zoom or over the phone or whatever and just pick his brain for 30 minutes do that if you have something specific that you want help with we'll do we'll do a screening we'll see if you're a good candidate for what we offer and we'll show you how to take it further if that's something you want to do okay. Uh we don't take a lot of clients because he's traveling if his traveling schedule is mirroring mine. So.

I would recommend as you go to practice these techniques check in with moss and get your name on the list and he'll follow up with you and if you guys want to schedule a face reading with him you're more than welcome to do that if you want to do therapeutic work or or coaching or whatever you're more than welcome there's no. Obligation of any kind it's just our way of saying hey thank you. So much for coming out and finding value in what we do you know. I.

I was telling these ladies uh. Christina earlier that um. I started this this these programs back in 2009 and uh when. I moved to.

San. Diego um. I had all this cool stuff that. I wanted to do and nobody to do it with and.

I heard about this thing called. Meetup. I said well let's see what happens and the. Next thing.

I know we have the largest. NLP. Meetup in the world or. Second largest now right.

Most popular martial arts meetups most popular. NP meetups most popular energy meetups like we own the the. Meetup space in. San.

Diego for a long time and we got. I got super busy and we kept that going from about 2009 to about 2017 and. I went to my for my doctorate in. Chinese medicine and by that time.

I had a waiting list at my clinic that was six months long and this kept feeding that because what we did was we take the the content from our our. YouTube channel or we take the content from this and. I just randomly uploaded to my. YouTube.

I didn't think anything of it. I just. I'm an accidental. YouTube.

Star. I had no. Idea like six months. Later.

I looked at my my channel. I've got like 8,000 subscribers. I have no. Idea how that happened.

But these these mofos would like binge watch us on. YouTube stalk me on. Facebook. And.

Then somehow find the phone number for the clinic like that's what they had to do to get and they were still. I still had a waiting list eight months long. Then. I decided.

I was teaching martial arts fulltime by. Then and. I had all these other things going on and. I had to stop the.

Meetup program. I had. I had it was hard for me because. Meetup has been really really good to us and it it helped me meet a lot of people and and help people get change that's because that's what.

I do right. Um. But. I had to step away after covid.

I realized something is that we need this back. Co terrified us of leaving our house it conditioned us to sit in front of a monitor and watch the world go by and stopped us from having live experiences and living and. So after a lot of soul searching and not a little pressure we decided let's do this and we're here. So thank you all give yourselves a big round right.

El it's been a journey and. I'm. So glad to see the numbers increasing every time we do this and the more people that show up the more stuff we'll do that is my promise to you grab people by the. Scruff of the neck drag them in find bums on the street put them in the chairs right.

Um. So before you go work on each other's faces. Coss if you want to get on our our schedule and uh we will train and drill right. Up until 10 o'clock go thank you yes.

Sir okay. Okay. This could be on. YouTube yeah just put her name on the list yeah yeah just come what you need and it's okay.

Yeah perfect and fine. So straight filtrum is somebody whose energy is going to be consistent from birth to death someone with an inverted triangle have a lot of energy when they're young and they get more sickly as they get older someone with um triangular filtrum less energy when they're kids more in their as they get older they finish big. I would say fairly. First thing.

I look. For well it really depends on the context. But one of the things. I look.

For right. Away is a fleshy lip. Bas reading and. Chinese medicine inner and outer campus eyes.

I'm. GNA look. At their mouth and. I'm gon to look.

At their eyes. That's not the wrinkles. I'm looking at size shape and um we're not done yet you know. I know.

But. I have to go this is what on a regular basis we're trying to yeah we pun you twice a month no. It's different content different topic every time great keep in mind that the book. Is based on it uh it presupposes you have a working knowledge of.

Chinese five elements. So he covers it pretty well. But it's little bit more circular than what. I'm giving you here there's a book.

Called reading the face by. Eric standoff he's a. German face reader his is pretty good. But it's it's it's a little bit different than.

Lilian although they cover a lot of the same stuff. Lilian is still probably the best it's just it's written like a stream of. Consciousness yes. Like what the we've done lie detection we've done body subconscious mind uh romance and attraction skills.

Law of. Attraction manifestation uh we also have energy meetups where we do energy training and things like that describe well. I have a doctor in. Chinese medicine.

I'm the number two. NLP trainer in the world and. I'm probably one of the best hypnotherapists in the world as well. So.

I would say. I'm. I'm more of a hero teacher and for our kids really what we. Next announc and again forward to it have a great night take care.

I covered that's lost love that's. L it starts to travel across and comes down. But what what is the purpose that's true. I don't know probably because we don't have a line that really uh measures visual of course they do every single one of them not everybody has every line exactly you guys are having an.

NLP discussion yes. A book. A how we doing. I need pictures from every aspect every time of your life want you do that oh yeah we take yeah we have what we do is we go all the way back to.

Childhood we look. At all the pictures we look. At how your face has changed we get we audit all of the jobs you've had all the things you did as a kid and we put it all together and and that's good because well because your golden path is actually the the the life direction that leads to your greatest level of fulfillment and getting back to what we call your original face which is that spiritual self that you took. On that you were.

But when you took. On the body it's a great question we we go back as far as we can and we ask a lot more questions. I have a guy that. I'm supposed to meet in.

Vegas he grew up he's his dad is like the the prince of some tribe in. Africa he has almost no. Pictures from when he was a kid he's got like 80. Brothers right.

Yeah the dad is like yeah he's a prince or something and. I he's he want to do a golden path reading for him. I like you have no. Pictures we're going to be asking a lot of questions.

But yeah yeah it's really about looking at the patterns of your life and certain things are going to keep coming up and the thing to understand about. Golden path is it's not about the right. Career for you it's about a life. Direction which could host or or accommodate any number of careers right.

But it's the path that leads to the greatest potential of fulfillment through where everything lines up and what's interesting is when people get on it they tend to get healthier faster and they tend to live longer and younger yeah yeah it's crazy we're gonna. I think. I'm gonna have them start taking before and after pictures for each of the hypnosis sessions because the face has changed like dramatically when. I do face readings.

I make people take a picture at the beginning of the class and. Then you take selfies at the end and yeah when. I was doing when. I was training with lilan that's exactly what like on the on day five of the training she would bring in people off the street and theyd take a before picture and.

Then they'd assign a face reader and. Then after the reading they do an after picture same lighting same wall we couldn't get them to stop smiling and when she and after they all left she would throw the pictures on the board and they were different you see cheekbones pop out crazy disempowerment. I don't like that word disempowerment because doesn't to me it doesn't really represent the behavior connected to that um that trait you guys remember the the old the old sitcom. All in the.

Family all right. Remember. Edith. Edith.

Bunker. Edith. Bunker someone with a disempowerment line. I call it appeasement.

Line. This is someone who um experienced a boundary violation and when that person violated their boundaries they tried to stand up for themselves and they pushed back and when they when that person push back the person they're pushing up back against pushed back even harder and rather than continue to fight they laps in okay. Please don't hurt me. I'll do whatever you want.

So just start appeasing classic eth bunker syndrome. So you do that long enough you'll start to develop lines here okay. Now the challenge with this line is that. I think.

I have a working theory that certain facial characteristics are genetically evolutionarily programmed into. Predators. So if you get someone who's primed to be a social or sexual predator or domestic abuser and they see that marking. I think it flips a switch and them lets them know that all if they if they impose on this person and the person pushes back they just have to they just have to push back a little bit harder you know and.

So when. I. I'm very. I'm very conscious of that of that marking when when clients would come in because at some point abuse comes out sometimes it's childhood abuse sometimes it's domestic abuse sometimes it's other types of sexual abuse.

But there's almost always some kind of boundary violation where they tried to push back and they just they just let them get away with it because they didn't want to go anywhere. So excessive. Joy. So like think of like you know you hear story some people that they would a lot to kill her from a heart attack that's excessive.

Joy excessive. Joy can also be um just too much caffeine too much excitement too much adrenaline your heart can't take it it ages you right. So true healthy joy in the context of. Chinese medicine is more like.

Bliss peace right. It's not this over-the-top you know. Mania yeah yeah yeah all right. Come on back all right.

What do we learn what we discover bring out you. Dad all right. So we've got about a half an hour uh. So we have a couple different directions we can go we can finish the facial.

M yes. The young lady here doesn't have many lines nope. So it's kind of cool that we have we get to see different iterations of what those mean and and that that brings up a good question you like we're focusing on wrinkles because they're easy to see. But what if they don't have wrinkles right.

What if they're they're they're young enough you know like. Maria doesn't have a lot of wrinkles right. So what do we do instead well. I'm glad you asked we look.

At different things we can look. At their facial architecture. So uh let me see if. I can find this really quick oh don't worry.

I'll go through. Later case this is my daughter. CIA sure uh where's the face reading book. Well what oh lilian's book.

Is face reading in. Chinese medicine. Milli. Bridges million.

Pro. Bridges is um trying to find. I want to. I want to find my manual maybe.

I'll just do it this way as you can see there's a lot to cover. So if you guys want to uh for those of you who are interested and this is just an afterthought. I just realized we have a face reading class coming up in. December.

So if anybody would like it's going to be um. I think we're going to be doing. Jing or actually no. It's face trading for.

Fun and. Profit. So it'll be an intro it'll be a introductory it's my it's my explanation of lilian's material without the. Chinese medicine stuff.

So you don't need it's going to be three days yeah we can do it in three days because we're not doing. Five. Element weird stuff um. I'm doing that primarily because most of you are here for influence and profiling applications and.

So and a lot of you don't have a background in. Chinese medicine. So this will get you up and running super quick and by the by the end of the. Third day you'll be able to profile a face in 90 seconds or less okay.

Um. Moss what's the current price on face reading um. I was trying to find my manual face reading manual it's not showing up is this um all right. Well obviously that's going to take me this is going to take me longer than.

I thought. So maybe we'll just look. At um let try this yes. Sir okay.

2750 well probably be doing an early bird at some it's it's kind of far off right. Now probably be doing an early bird at some point. So you might just want to get on. Moss's list.

So if you're interested in that now here here's something interesting says what is possible with. B. I just like the concept become socially magnetic and charismatic. I'm sure nobody is opposed for that in here how do we become socially magnetic and charismatic when.

I. But let me ask you a question when. I was talk talking about how. I can read people's faces what did you want every single one of you wanted me to read you right.

Every can you tell me oh or you were terrified that. I would read you right. So one of the things that you got to remember is everyone's favorite topic is themselves and. I've tested this with with handwriting analysis.

I've tested this with face reading and any other and cold reading for that matter. I. I actually teach people how to cold read this is different because now your readings are actually warm. But a lot of the structure is the same.

But what happens is when you become somebody that can demonstrate a knowledge of people and you start talking to a person about themsel every part of their. Neurology fixates on you okay. How many people ever heard of the echo technique if you haven't go watch go binge watch my. YouTube channel okay.

The echo technique combined with this is devastating not. So much no. Very different watch the one on how to make someone fall in love with you in 20 minutes it's a. YouTube.

One how do someone fall in love with you in 20 minutes bit of an exaggeration. But it's excellent skill. I've seen it happen faster. Anyway.

But my point is is that when you become somebody that is known for this people will seek you out right. You will become the most f fasinating person in the room because what are you doing you're talking to a person about thems right. They're ask how many of you how many of you have at least if you haven't actually done it have thought about coming up and asking me to read something on their face right. Most of you right.

Why because you want to know about you that makes you incredibly interesting right. This is the secret if you want people to like and love you make them feel good about themselves go back to you don't have to you don't have to. But if you were to want to why might you want to do [Laughter] that yeah and trust me this is a this is a this is a major major social influence skill okay. Some of my if you go to.

Tik. Tock and you type in face reading a bunch of those. High. High.

View channels are my students or were my students yeah right. I hate. Tik. Tok.

So. I don't do it. But. But um and.

I have my reasons for that right. Um. But these are actually valid applications. But yeah this this is something.

I this happen the same thing happened when. I was doing handwriting analysis. So. I'd go to like bookstores and.

I would do stupid things like stand in the cashier line and when. I got to the cashier. I'd say hey write this down on a piece of paper. I'll tell you things about yourself your best friends don't know and.

I would and. I would have a line of people screaming till they found out. I did face reading. Then they didn't want a.

Then they didn't want a reading and. I would do this in the lobbies at movie theaters and. I have crowds everywhere. I went right.

If you want this is a major and plus as a screening tool right. I have this rather off-color remark because. I have children in the room and. I will.

I will kind of what's word redact it a little bit don't stick your private parks in crazy and don't let crazy stick its private parts in you one of the best ways to figure out who's likely to go off face reading and my daughter made the mistake of asking me what's one of the traits. I look. For um that's like a hell no. I won't say it with the camera running.

But um there there's a certain trait we call it the histrionic lip well we'll talk about it. But. I don't want to. I don't want to be accused of being uh insensitive to people with certain facial characteristics because that might be construed as being in in non-inclusive which of course in.

California is means you'll get canceled and hashtagged and everything else by the way did. I mention if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing of the word boobies offend you get the [ __ ] out did.

I mention. Miss. But there are there are certain traits when they appear individually may be manageable. But when they when they manifest in clusters certain things together now you've got issues.

So one of the things. I want you to be very very aware of and by the way the person with this trait they will deny it up down left right. Till they. Shuffle off the.

Mortal coil they will deny it all the while they're expressing it when you look. At a a person's upper lip and you see a little extra flesh you know like when you were a kid and you playing with. Plato or clay and you would tinch a little bit and it would stick up between your fingers and they have that little little lift of. Flesh watch out these people love drama they will start a fight just because they're bored and they will deny it all the while they're fighting with you about it okay.

What's that old jend old jendes yes. Old jend. So far. I've seen it a lot more prevalent in females actually she's not.

So bad she's not. So bad. Sophie on will either save the world or destroy it my my my my littlest is probably the most terrifying child. I've ever met.

CU she's got the face of an. Angel and every now and. Then the horns poke out and you never see her coming. I remember when she was five.

I'm talking to my friend. TJ he he was uh he was my a guy at the time he also was a handyman and. So he came over and he was doing some some work around the house and. Sophie she had to be like three somewhere between three and five years old she comes up goes.

Daddy can. I have. SE and c and. I said no.

You can't and. I could see the wheels turning. I said no. You can't have.

So and. So and don't you dare go in the kitchen and ask your mom the same thing you just asked me he goes okay. She walks into the kitchen and completely rewards the question and asks and. I'm just sitting there looking at that and.

I look. At. TJ and. TJ looks at me and go this is the child who very innocently were walking down the street said.

Daddy can. I see your phone sure honey would you hold my hand and she opens my phone she was five um. I love my children they're just they're they're it. But this one.

I'm gonna embarrass her [ __ ] it right. And it's not an embarrassment. But it is. So how old were you like 11: 10 10 it's like 10:30 at night right.

She comes patting into my bedroom she goes. Daddy. I can't sleep did you hypnotize me. I said sure honey.

So. I. I put her in trance and. I sent her back to her room she wakes up all happy we send her to school.

I pick her up at school we're driving home her and her sister in the back and as. I'm driving. I hear. I hypnotized 10 people today after.

I got control of the vehicle. I said what. I hypnotized my friends today. I said and what happened they went they they went into trance.

But. I didn't remember how to bring them out. So they were walking around like zombies for the rest of the day she was 10 nature. Nur sure oh and.

I have stories no. No. That's enough enough. I've embarrassed you enough.

I'm sure. I'll get hate now for that um all right. So one of the things that we can look. At now.

I guess what do you guys want to do you guys want to focus more on the rest of the the markings or. I can. I can we can talk about lie detection we can talk about other types of uh active huh what warm fuzzies okay. So the.

First thing is remember that. PE the golden rule of friendship people like people who make them feel good about themselves okay. If you want to reference this it's it's a book. Called.

The like pardon me the like switch by. Jack. Schaefer. I highly recommend everything he's done he's a former.

FBI. CIA. FBI counter. Espionage uh operative.

So the. First thing remember is that everybody's favorite topic. ISS and they're terrified of judgment. So when you look.

At a person if they have a lot of earthy features or they have very very wide eyes. Very very open eyes. These are people who are very open they're going to be more optimistic uh about things if they have a bigger wider mouth they're going to be more generous than people who have smaller mouths the other thing you want to look. At uh when you're looking at faces is the size of the mouth and the thickness of the lips the thickness of the lips indicates their level of sensuality the width and the the size of the mouth indicates their level of generosity when you see someone who has very full lips these people are usually far more open more sensual notice.

I did not say sexual. I said sensual they're very much uh about the senses if you see someone whose lips are thin or compressed now what do. I mean by this there are some people that have very full mouths and very full lips. But they hold them like this and they're like that all the time this is somebody who has spent a lot of time biting back their words of not saying things that they want to say.

So if you see these thin lips. H big. CH okay. Well a lot of people who are always having to be very careful about what they say you'll see this compress.

But there's two aspects of it there's the the the micro expression of it where. I have a. I'm normally like this and. Then you ask me something.

I go and that. But there's also people who are chronically this way they've been doing it for years. So remember that a lot of the markings that. I'm showing you in the in the emotional map are consequences of a lifetime of micro.

Expressions these are the emotional muscles that are fired when certain emotions are felt and and repressed or processed yes. Yeah and that's why and that's how this is why this is useful because these markings appear in the same places when people experience these emotions and it's as we say in. NLP it's true and to be true right. But again don't believe me test it if it's valid for you use it if it isn't don't.

But remember the size of the mouth is the level of generosity the thickness of the uh lips will indicate their level of sensuality or openness the more if you when you again this is kind of gross. But if you see if you're doing a reading on somebody and you see a what you get the impression that there's more lip there than they're showing ask can. I can. I touch your lips for a moment and feel and notice how much more lip is in there and if you see more lip back there than they were showing that they could have been showing you know this person has spent a long time holding back their words there's a lot of things they're not saying that that they want to say or they know need to be said or should.

But they shouldn't be said right. So a lot of times your micro. Expressions will mirror your long-term fa characteristics when you've got someone who's constantly biting back their words these people are probably not going to give you a straight answer to a lot of very pervasive questions. So you've got to understand that they're not going to be quite as talkative and this is where things like your.

Echo technique three magic questions okay. These are where you're going to get them to open up okay. If you have someone whose eyes. Are you you see they should be they should be wide and open.

But they're closed and they're squinty this is someone who's filtering they're guarding. So the secret to a lot of this is to become like they are and lead them into something else this is n. LP we would call this pacing and leading now the nice thing about face reading is when you start talking about people's features and you do it properly they start to dis they start to disclose information. So one of the things you learn we teach in uh defense against the dark arts and um and.

NLP. Ultra which will probably the. Second the. Second level two that that we do we'll be teaching you covert elicitation these are conversational tools that you use that are not questions.

But. Prime people to give you information. Anyway and one of those is we call a provocative statement or deliberately incorrect statement one of the things human beings absolutely love to do is correct the record and they will often volunteer information they wouldn't normally give you just to set the record straight this is a very common. FBI uh.

CIA and an interrogation technique it's covert elicitation one of the byproducts of it though is that it accelerates. Rapport this is something they don't tell you about one of the things. I love about elicitation technique is that it's h it's a hyper accelerator to report. But nobody talks about it because only people the only people who use it are in law enforcement or uh intelligence.

So on our. Next. NLP. Ultra training uh we'll actually be going through all the elicitation techniques and things of that nature.

But if we use face reading right. And we start talking about a feature and we're wrong they'll correct us and in the space of a few seconds. I'll know if somebody's aranged from their family because she had to correct the record she wouldn't have volunteered that information she needed to correct the record. So she did and because.

I was accepting. I understood it. I didn't judge it she felt closer to me true not true right. Something that.

I noticed on the bandler that just mystified me was that he's sitting there talking to his audience and he's constantly yes. Guys are crazy what the heck what was he trying to do he's looking for unconscious responses get them through that yeah it's called it's the common parlance for it is called the unconscious hello um a lot of people in the. NLP. World they know about.

Milton ericon. But a lot fewer people know about the other conversational hypnosis guy. Dave. Dobson.

Dave. Dobson was also someone that was modeled extensively or what became known as the. Milton model in. NLB.

But. Dave. Dobson's claim to fame was he could dialogue with a person's unconscious mind. So what he would do is he would stand in front of talking to people and he'd be flashing and he'd be looking for people to flash back and he would know when the person returned the flash that their unconscious mind was paying attention he had a rapport with that okay.

Now it could also be that. Richard's anchoring stuff using his eyebrows right. That's not uncommon as well. But the unconscious hello with the eyebrow flash is something you should all be doing all the time some people make sure you do your eyebow hell yeah there's a there's a beh in fact in a you're coming to the dark arts right.

Influence. August. I heard you talking about it yeah one of the things you're going to learn is is a is a body language. CU called positive eye contact.

PEC it's a body language cluster it includes eye contact smile eyebrow flash have to have all three that positive eye contact things think back work for me the longest time and he always this and maybe that's how the eyebrow flash is a what we call a key stimulus all mamals do it every mammal on the planet eyebrow flashes the eyebrow flash is a sign it's it's a signal it's a ping when. I look. At what's your name again when. I look.

At. Robin and. I flash my eyebrows right. I'm sending friend signals the just that yeah actually yeah now now in.

Jersey and. New. York it kind of looks like this hey how you doing hey how you doing right. Right.

But right. Because. I grew up on the. East.

Coast. I know right. Hey how you doing right. Every mammal does it if they do it back that means.

I'm more comfortable with you you can approach if they don't test this when you're walking on the street go up to somebody eyebrow flashing right. As someone's walking up to you better yet let them approach you an eyebrow flash them and see if they turn it as they start to approach instead of eyebrow flashing do an eyebrow. Crunch and you go you'll see him stop because that's the inverse this signals friend this signals not no. Eyebrow flash means whoa something's not up something's not right.

I don't trust you stay back. So you you can literally like stop people dead in their tracks either by not eyebrow flashing them or compressing them okay. Every mammal does that okay. Yeah right.

But to do. PC positive eye contact you need to make eye contact you need to give him a legitimate smile and you need to flash the eyebrows that's a behavioral cue or behavioral cluster that signals friend and. I've seen people's entire demeanor change from one eyebrow flash during a conversation they lick your face after they licked their butt well. Barbe it for me to judge what goes on in somebody's household.

But. But yeah. So is that helpful right. So this is something that we should all be practicing right.

I teach my students to do it automatically it it just becomes sop and that's why people talk to my my students a lot easily more easily than than other people's right. Because again we're all we're a functional school like there's no. BS here it either works or it doesn't. So.

So the simple recipe to make more friends ey contact smile and give them an eyebrow and. Then have them talk about themselves and they will love you they will think you're the most fascinating person they've ever met and you've said 20 words that were original yes. Sir person in the country absolutely don't doubt it at all this is again anything anytime this is the big meta lesson anytime you can engineer an experience where a person gets to talk about themselves under the guise of something else they will like you and once that door is open you can do just about anything you want okay. In.

NLP we have an old saying and within this within the scope of. Rapport everything is possible outside of it very little the only time that's not true is when you have a gun to their head or an overwhelming amount of perceived. Authority in their world that's about the only time that you don't need a rapport if you have enough. Authority.

Then the nervous system will tend to capitulate with whatever you tell it to do yes. Okay. You said you could tell someone how someone reacts to. Authority how do.

I react to. Authority oh you yeah no. It's all right. Um how does she react well.

First of all she does not like to be told what to do at all it's her way the highway. I smile proba yeah it's not in her forehead it's in her jaw see how much bone she has in her jaw okay. When you see someone has that very square jaw you see this in a lot of military commanders. I once was doing a uh homographic memory resolution training out in uh.

Louisiana and one of the the the people attending there was. The. Parson there's a big there's a big. Penitentiary out there has some.

Biblical name. I can't remember um she walked in and she looked like somebody took. A block of marble and stuck it on a neck and at. First.

I didn't know she was a woman right. This woman was tough like there was there was no. BS she had this big. Square we call it a dictator's jaw and.

I don't mean that in negative way. But people with these very very square a lot of bone in the. Jaws um they tend to be very very strong and they don't put up with it's it's it's the. MyWay or the highway kind of a thing right.

She's got a very strong jaw she's very very very certain of her ethics and her values and she will not bow down she will not back up right. Some people with softer. Jaws they're more ethically flexible. But she has a very very firm idea of what's right.

And wrong and she'll she'll fight you to the death okay. How am. I doing okay. She's got bone.

I mean she's she's got a little extra some has a lot of gel a lot of gel we call that false. Earth okay. This is usually well a extra weight obviously. But the question is why do they have it what's the weight what's the weight doing for them it's usually body armor usually body armor.

So people who are uh my teacher. Jerry. K used to say when somebody's like 20 pounds overweight that's lifestyle they start getting to 30 40 50 80 pounds overweight that's body armor the weight isn't the problem that that weight's there to protect them from something and you need to get to that. So when you see these gels especially like the false herb there's other stuff there right.

99% of what we're doing is going to be be uncovering emotions that are trapped in the body and. Then through energetic means provocation uncovering techniques. NL whatever modality is necessary to uncover that that's what we're going to use right. Um.

But we have certain principles that we use when we dialogue with a nervous system that lets us kind of zero right. In on what the core issue is and one of the things that that we discovered and. I'm just going to share with this because it's just at the top of mind right. Now you have we know moss and.

I and. Anthony um we train a lot in energetics. I have more energy healing credentials than. McDonald sells hamburgers it's like stupid right.

Um. But. I'm also very well known all over the world for hypnosis neural linguistic programming and really fast healing um and there's some overlap. But one of the things where they there's a very very marked difference uh in the in the disciplines is that what moss and.

I do clinically in hypnosis. NLP. HMR it's very targeted people come in with a very specific issue that they want to get fixed and we dialogue with the nervous system and we find that gordian knot that plexus of interrelated issues that are creating the problem right. So the person comes in knowing a lot of times what needs fixing they don't know why they're bro why they're manifesting that.

But they know it needs fixing. But a lot of your your more medical chiong practices are a little bit different especially your your alchemical and cultivation practices you start doing things we have exercises that provoke the tissues we always say the issues are in the tissues. But sometimes we don't know what's there and. So we'll give you an exercise that's just designed to rush energy into a specific part of your body.

So something comes out we have no. Idea what's coming out. So you can think of these these more medical chiong. EX exercises as general negativity and general provocation training and if you're going to be on a path of spiritual.

Alchemy or things of that nature you're going to be doing a lot of that. But on on more on this on a very strategic you know. I have self-sabotage. I have um you know fear of heights that's a very direct very targeted ask and a lot of times there's overlap like somebody has a back pain will start working or all of a sudden they fear will come out or an emotional feeling of lack of support will merge from as we start working that energetic tissue because the the energy gets imprinted with the memory and it gets locked in the tissue and as it comes up you re-experience the memory and.

Then what you do with that person in that moment when that memory reemerges determines the direction of the therapy right. I have no. Idea why. I'm talking about this.

But it came up somebody needed to hear it. So it's it's interesting how they they they they they complement one another. But. Then in some ways they're they're very very different directions in terms of of what we can do with it.

But one of the places they meet is in the face like. I said this is not a class on on energetic diagnosis. But we could very easily go there. So if people want to know more about that.

I'm happy to to do workshops and and and practices on those things. U. But right. Now the things.

I find that people will be will be most useful is can. I look. At somebody's face and see their emotional health can. I look.

At somebody's face and see how they're going to respond if. I kind of draw a line in the sand or get them to kind of back down or whatever right. He's the same way he's got a really super strong jaw right. He knows what he knows and that's all right.

Um. I have a much more ethically flexible jaw right. I'll adapt people with with these stronger jaws they they try to force a situation to fit them a lot more again what's that very much right. I'm a control fre it too look.

What. I do for a living right. But uh. But there's this thing in.

NLP we talk about called behavioral flexibility right. Uh there's an old engineering term called. The. Law of requisite variety which states that the part of a system that has the most ability to to adapt and change will eventually control the system and.

So this is something that all of us. As influencers and we're all influencers should be learning how to do whether we do it or not is a different issue. But we should at least know how to do it. So if there's an opportunity or or a necessity to do that kind of that that transformation we can okay.

Uh accept that or not it's not up to me right. Um. Anyway. So what other the questions do you have oh it's 102.

But what other questions might you have. I just want to thank the way you heard all oh my pleasure my pleasure again this is the most fun. I can have with my clothes on thank you. So much all right.

Question um some something. I've noticed um morus confirmation. But when. I do let's say the um.

Magic. Frame often times. I'm doing it from a physical like. I feel physically sensation and often times something.

I learned recently is to narrow it down like almost make a subconscious thing in my mind to narrow whatever because oftentimes when. I'm writing it it's almost like it's too broad. So. I have to make a subconscious mind or a thing in my mind where.

I only dealing with whatever it is and. I'm not conscious of it it's only going to be very specific um is there a question is is that is that just my making up my mind. But. I'm assum work yes.

Then it's right. We have a we have a rule there's always two questions that get asked at every training were they deep enough because. I. I do a lot of hypnosis right.

Everything is hypnosis as far as. I'm concerned as. Bor nothing is hypnosis. But that's a different class right.

And did. I do it right. The answer is the same for both questions were they deep enough did you get the result you were going for uh-huh. Then you did it.

Then they were deep enough did. I do it right. Well did you get the result you were going for yeah. Then you did it right.

Something you can take home and this goes to uh this whole bill of warm fuzzies and being the most fascinating person in the room and all that stuff remember the human nervous system never resists itself what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts and you'll never go wrong following that bet urised okay. Get people to talk about themsel and they will tell you anything you want them to tell you and you can get them to do practically anything you want them to do and a quote. Forest. Gump that's about all.

I have to say about that we'll see you. Next time if you need to get with moss one would now be.
