Title: NLPPOWER MASTER MIND MENTORING NEW YEARS DAY VIDEO MARATHON PT 5
File Name: pwcZqVjSTnA.txt
Video Id: pwcZqVjSTnA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwcZqVjSTnA

I think there's only one patient left. So it might be safe to start playing hit. Roddick hypnosis videos okay. They get a little loud and they're not short videos.

So. I have to be careful he's a stud the muffin is important right. He's the stud. I have them up in top who am.

I to argue. I'm just a guy with wears vests not today. I'm yeah. I'm actually my fluffy phase right.

Now it's nice to know what my wife calls me when you're not at when you are or are not around. Veronica's like okay. Very cookie. So what did we live why do we learn did you know.

I know. Joseph had a rather transformational experience at least briefly. But what happened when you started reading faces what did you notice didn't really notice anything okay. What do guys talk about receiving and discussing.

So you weren't actually doing the exercise you can always tell whose doesn't work by the questions they asked. Stefan would you notice would you learn. So you didn't do the exercise either you were in process because you went to get food [Music] it was interesting too. I mean he did a good job by starting off with you know his feedback began with positive.

Trinity for anyone into questioning other stuff good which he did a good job and it just started me thinking. But he was asking me these questions yeah like class look. Living ok. Trying to recognize her figure out what love is because normally you don't think about stuffing in it you just you know you go on with your life and hmm and maybe that's why it becomes a lost love is you forgot you forgot part of you forgot another part you still remembers it's not there anymore that's why it marks.

So the part that is like almost trying to suppress it exactly that's why you have to gently prod and poke the bear right. Get them to think about it because they think about it they start processing it right. That's just basically frozen and the more you get them to you more you poke it and get them to think about it the more you start to thaw it out and now the system can process it right. It's the same idea of toxify trauma stuck energy right.

It's frozen yes. They're straight waving or anything. I'm sure there's something to it. But.

I don't know what the distinction is and in all the trainings. I've been to. Lilian hasn't made a distinction with a more set in that they are though generally the the better they are if they start to merge with other kinds of lines. Then there may be something deeper going on besides.

I'm not going away that a bad stuff. I don't know that it's a bad sign. I think it's a sign it to processing something really yeah. But chances are if it starts to go away it wasn't really a purpose line it was something else as a rule.

I find these lines come and go depending on how how into what. I'm doing. I am right. Some of you have really good purpose lines and don't feel like you're doing some and yet you're not right.

Like your purpose lines are lopsided it means your purpose lines are far more developed on your private side. Then your public side yeah right. So that's the name one of the you may notice that you have deeper lines here. Then you do it your job because this is more in alignment with what you came here to do or be.

MA art maybe the inverse you know some of you who come here like if you're here for because some of this somebody else they may few this is a distraction from what something you'd rather be doing and if that's the case the purpose lines may shift a little bit as well what happened with. Joe you just as. I can. I was going to save it for.

Last can. I want to get a buddy else. But when. I started talking about joke is bien was trying to do a face reading he had no.

Clue where to start and. I said start with what you noticed. First and you noticed. Joe's jaw right.

But he didn't know how to kind of lead us and. I started talking about the attributes of a big jaw. I know you have a really big nice jaw usually means you have a really strong will you tend to be have a lot of will and you tend to stand up for what you believe in and the moment. I said that he stand up for what he believes in and and and what's right.

And wrong yeah this massive lost love line came and shot across his face and it went right. Down alright. And. I tried to point it out yeah and.

Dan's like mother alright. But. So. I just.

I just followed that because that's that's there was a there was something there right. That was buried and. So. I just started talking about that and and after a while the line started to do this and there was still some stuff there from some other things right.

But he was like he starts to processing right. In front of me like was that weird yeah engaged in the process and watching it is impressive hood just through the conversation it could be be dealt with yeah and that's that's the secret is really you know and. I you'll hear me say this a lot to me face reading is. Chinese vibrational psychotherapy that's a much better functional understanding of what face reading can do from what the orientation that most of you have you understand and once we learn to unpack this stuff.

I mean we just changed the whole face yes. People's lives you know like love-life work like together into. CEO the wrinkles change yeah yeah they'll changes the context changes alright. And as you get rid of your stuff you'll get younger looking and we have we have pictures of people who started face reading like 15 years ago and a picture of him now and the wrinkles are gone they're gone right.

It's crazy. Veronica would you learn she well we took. That before feature and the actor one of the things that she helped me to release we could see the difference what is it what was it what was it what was there before you could you see it in the pictures when you compared them same lighting same background crazy right. Once you realize once you realize that that's that's that's the process it's like well [ __ ] let's talk some more yeah and you can feed off each other that excellent.

So very good. So you actually saw a face changes and you got you got you have proof of it right. There it is right. I couldn't make this [ __ ] up.

I called [ __ ] like you would not believe when. I when she. First said yeah your face will change right. Then and there like [ __ ] right.

But the other part is is you heart to have this hair trigger effect on people if you keep doing this like their neurology will pick up that you're like this walking process initiator and like you'll ask well you got a what happened when you were five after a while like oh here we go again point to where you feel it right. But even if you don't have those techniques if you can just talk to them the way you guys did and stick with them through that process and share that that compassionate energy without taking it on you know their stuff. Then they'll work through it in their own time all right. We don't have to point where.

I feel it take it out spin and put it back in we can just have them. Express because that's what needs to be done both ways work right. All right. Very cool.

So. I'm gonna go back to had a whole list of people's names and stuff here where is it who did. I. Sabah did you you guys didn't.

Jeff needed to do the exercise only did parsh were you the subject or the reader oh and what did you discover [Music] a lot of us have that which because we live in. Southern. California and traffic and the wrestler went back to the years right. On lockup we can do a lot for the years.

But in normal conversations it's just not the most immediately useful thing to go with if you're doing a face reading and. I recommend you consider it as a viable op income stream because people want to know about themselves they will have with you five six seven hundred bucks for an hour and a half or whatever to just talk about themselves and you'll probably actually probably get more out of talking to you for those 90 minutes. Then they would out of 12 sessions of psychotherapy because you're going to actually initiate in them a vibrational energetic change they're gonna process [ __ ] and their faces will change. So just an idea and if you have all these other neuro linguistic tools and hypnotic tools and things like that it just gets more powerful because now yeah it was all reframes like.

I could feel that the vacuum of you can hang it on in. So where did. I put you look. At my pages here [Music] from the time we're all my notebooks did.

I did. I like lose my [ __ ]. Microsoft. I could blame.

Obama. But you think. I blame. Obama for.

Trump. I played. Obama for. Trump you know.

I'm not gonna look. As stiffens again organs and how they connect us to supporting organs you see to actually thought about organ. Stefan. I can't find my what happened all my pages man okay.

I think. I might have erased inadvertently. I might have erased my master mighdal. So people were asking about people were asking about energetics hey this is my daughter.

Sophie this is my daughter kasi. I'm in. So much trouble you guys did parkour. Oh.

God. I feel more emergency room visits in my future all right. You guys go play all right. So energetics.

I believe. Christine was asking about running energy how to use energy to help others you've been doing that by the way the moment you started doing face reading you started doing energetics there's a vibrational interaction that happens you're tapping into the acupuncture energetic system and you're processing emotion or. Shen issues. So these are very deep spiritual issues even though they're emotional in nature okay.

When we talk about running energy what we're talking about is allowing energy to move either if we're doing kangy to. Joe bring your. Tara. So to enter the entry point into energetics that.

I think for most people is the simplest is the energy system known as. Reiki. Reiki means. Universal energy it has a there's actually a much deeper body of knowledge that is largely a cult and by occult.

I mean hidden not not generally known. I spent years reverse engineering that stuff. But. I little.

I tell people you literally have to work to screw. Reiki up because it's almost entirely intuitively guided. So the motto we go for his hands on. Reiki on hands off reiki off right.

So each of us when we're born comes into this world with our chakras basically open and with the ability to channel these higher vibrations of energy our problem is is that we try to force something to happen and we actually block the flow yeah. Reiki training amongst all the different forms of energetics is the one closest to just put your hands on and think of something else okay. So when energy comes in as a rule it comes in through depending on what energy we're pulling from because we're using higher level vibrations we tend to pull from the upper four chakras the the crown the. Third eye the throat and the heart.

So in a. Reiki attunement process what will happen is the the healer or the teacher will open up the hand chakras they'll systematically connect them to each of those four chakras and. Then they'll open the chakra and they'll open the entire system the pathway through an atonement process now you want to think of these this atonement kind of like a downloading a zip file the the healer connects the. Reiki energy source he has an intention to pass on an atonement using specific symbols in a specific sequence combined with a specific process he's gonna download that zip file he's going to transfer that zip file into that system it's gonna unpack it's gonna cause the system to reprogram itself.

So the system will start to actually calibrate to a higher frequency of energy okay. Yes. Well you can pull the energy from a lot of different places. But.

Reiki. But when you do. Reiki it's primarily cosmic energy it's young energy okay. Reiki itself has a very sensual feel to it now you understand the intention is higher energies.

But a lot of times the more. Earth energy you have the more young energy cosmic energy you can pull. So a lot of systems will have you connect to earth. First to create a bigger vessel.

So you have more drawing power right. It's thinking at grounding that's what we do that's why you do it there's an energy that comes up from the earth that as it comes up it pulls there's an energy that pushes down that's young. So. But in it.

But even in even in a young energy you have energy from the. Sun you have energy from the. North. Star energy from the.

Stars and the cosmos in general. So even within that greater young you have subdivisions if you get more into that if you get beyond geomancy into like. Dallas sorcery and. Dallas wizardry and things like that they'll talk about how to connect and utilize those energies you don't need to know any of that [ __ ] yes.

But it's not it's not obvious because one the person during the attunement process when they blow into the crown chakra they're moving it down through the through the tailbone into the earth. So it's opening that whole pathway and as the system starts to upgrade itself it'll work from the lower chakras up okay. And it open. But these are the four that we're opening up because these are the ones that allow us to channel those higher frequencies depends on who you go to like.

I am a little numb even though. I'm like one or time like three generations away from like. Phyllis lay for. Moto who came to this in.

Hawaii - gotta. So. I'm like really close to the original. Reiki lineage some people would do for two minutes they do one chakra each those would be your for two minutes and you'd be done right.

I didn't interpret it that way. So. I did four chakras four times. So.

I give you like sixteen time energy boost and. I've always done it that way. So to me and. So we got a really significant and you can you can benefit from multiple multiple the tumors this is not a.

Reiki class we're not gonna do it too many. So don't move you two minutes to channel the energy you just need to get out of your own way right. So the basic function is we have an intention to connect we wait for the energy to fill our hands. So this is a basic receiving posture the physiology will actually activate an intention to take in okay.

And after a while you'll feel a little bit of a tingling in your hands or your in your crown or whatever and you can put your hands over the over the crown chakra here you can move it to the ears which is a very powerful we're gonna actually circle back that we talked about ear massage and stuff like that okay. And. Then we want to come and we want a cup to the. Third eye and the occiput and.

Then we can do the shoulders we're gonna probably work these are the basic ones now one of my biggest criticisms of most. Reiki practitioners is that they don't leave their hands on long enough and sit on that subject of hands on we need to start talking about legalities if you unless you are a licensed massage therapist unless you are a nurse or somebody who is credentialed and given a legal right. To manipulate or touch the body keep your hands off okay. Now.

I'm a big believer in kinesthetics okay. I want the oxytocin dump that comes with physical physical contact okay. Massively amplifies what you're doing right. So.

I'm always gonna touch okay. And again. I. I just have it.

I said. I put my hands on the. Reiki flows and it doesn't and here's something. I learned from.

Bill. Bankston that. I didn't want to believe. But really helpful when you believe it it doesn't matter what you feel some people can feel that energy flowing like a river and that's really flow it now some people feel nothing it doesn't matter whether you're super sensitive or a brick the energy is flowing yeah okay.

He can feel that right. I know he can feel that right. He needs you some. So you sucking up some juice boy alright.

So from here. I go from the crown to the ear. Third eye and occiput which is actually the back part of the. Third eye it's called the.

Jade pillow okay. And. I go to the trapezius and. I'd like to put put this point right.

Over call bladder twenty-one this is really good cuz it sends energy down into the breast area. So for seduction it's really good not that. I would utilize those things for that because that would you know. I have a whole course devoted that.

I literally wrote the book. On sex. But. Anyway that's a different class for a different day right.

So this is where. I would start to kind of warm up the pot. So to speak and again. I'm get a certain amount of energy built up in them and.

Then. I would start. I would do a general energizing process before. I would.

I go into specifics specifics would be something like what. Christine was asking about which is running energy. So if for example. I want to run energy from and and most organized people the reiki flows from the right.

Side to the left side. So think electric magnetic right. But the nice thing about. Reiki and most in most systems in.

Reiki the energy can flow from either because both hands are both palms chakras are attuned alright. But if you go to something like pranic. But almost always going to have their left hand as the receiving and the projecting and the right. Hand is the projecting if you're left-handed they're gonna reverse that.

Reiki it's either hand does either thing it's not you don't do it right. You're gonna you're gonna you find sometimes your hands are to spontaneously move to a different location right. And that's your higher mind your your pre conscious self guiding you to where it needs to go right. We have whole courses we go through the entire model of different forms of energy healing and you understand the distinctions between each what they're good for what the pros and cons are of each one each one is uniquely good at one thing and has its drawbacks in certain areas plus the.

Hermetic systems that. I study have variants of energy healing that nobody even is talking about alright. So if. I want to run from the from the bicep to the to the shoulder if.

I want the energy to run this way. Then. I'll put the left hand again. I don't how can.

I can. I don't have to do it this way. But to stay in in harmony with that right. Side left side energetic.

I would just allow the energy to flow from the right. To the left through that think of a positive and negative lead and the wire in middle in the middle and you got the basic idea like take that same energy and. I can move it here to here and let the energy flow. I can come across this way be very careful if you're a male working with a female you get hashtag me to real quick right.

Okay. So that's running energy right. And here's the secret leave your hand if you have permission to touch and you're doing it appropriately leave your hands on as long as you can until you get the urge to move don't be in a rush to move my biggest criticism with the average. Reiki practitioners they don't leave their hands on long enough okay.

Now that may have something to do with the oxytocin dump that comes from for long physical contact it may be because you feel the time constraint or you feel like you need to get done with the session put time out of it when you're doing this kind of this is why. I don't do. Reiki or that kind of work professionally because in my opinion the amount of time it may take isn't billable understand that's why. I charge by the minute to do hypnotherapy.

But. I can. I can manage that more right. This kind of work it's a lot more labor intensive on my part in terms of how to stand in a certain place or or things like that it can and again the thing about energetics as a rule the way it's commonly taught is it's not strategic and specific enough most energy systems direct can directly target the physical body and the energy body.

But they leave the mental body largely untouched which is where most of our encoded traumas are stored the generator of the energetic energy imbalance is at the mental level the energetic imbalance is at the energy body level and. Then the physical body level. So we can go in and we can clear out the energy body and go in it and if directly clear out the physical body. But we haven't touched the generator.

So that charge may build up again if we don't if we don't find a way to directly target it and again face-reading aside the two disciplines. I've found three now that directly target the mental body holographic memory resolution neural linguistic programming and at no. Therapy. So that becomes our core our core go-to move because if we can eliminate the cycle emotional factor the event itself that's been encoded and thing else will resolve on its own it'll trickle down.

But it doesn't always trickle up and it takes a lot longer to go work up the stream. Then go down the stream. So just jump right. To the mental emotional level deal with that and it's just like debris floating down river right.

So that's my. So love. Reiki as an entry point into getting out of your own way to allow those energy channels to flow as a process of self evolution you don't have to work really hard and you can get some really profound effects if you stick with it a couple of things though is your client can really screw up the session by trying to feel something yeah and if you don't give their conscious mind something to do it'll get in the way. So you tell them close your eyes.

Put your tongue on the roof of your mouth and just focus on your breathing don't try to feel anything don't try to sense anything just focus on your breathing because you've connected the the inward channels and the young channels through touching the palate their energy starts to flow faster and. Then you just breathe when they breathe and they'll go into a deep a deep level of connection and as you connect with that. Reiki energy they'll flow with you right. It's important to make sure your energy is full before you start working with others because if this person is at a lower vibrational frequency.

But has a higher amplitude a higher charge and. I come in with my higher frequency. But a lesser charge it's gonna backflow that's the one of the that's one of the dangers of many forms of. Qigong healing because basic.

I call it the. Duracell model you basically spend hours and hours accumulating this surcharge of energy in your body and. Then when the patient comes in you blast them with it and that's fine as long as you remember to clean your own energy field outdoors and rebuild that charge. But people who do a lot of patients don't get the adequate recharge time and.

So they start to a lot of times they come up with this the trauma they treat most often or the like they treat a lot of cancer they may wind up with cancer because they've been printed that negative energy and its back flowed into them. So many times that it just kind of takes. So. Qigong healing can be very powerful and pranic healing is a variant of that not quite the same though because product you know and pranic healing.

I'm taking it from there moving it over there qigong. I'm taking you from here and putting in here and. Then. I duracell you right.

So there's different models to how this works shamanic healing. I just take it from source and move it right. Into you. I think it's kind of fun.

But. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna work on this idea now. I do. Reiki all the time.

But not the way. I'm teaching it to you i channel. Reiki through my voice. So when.

I'm you ever wonder why you tend to bail. So fast when. I start to talk because that's where it's coming out. So it's amplifying the power of my spoken word right.

If you were to look. At my intake sheets you see. Reiki symbols all down the side of it because. I'm channeling.

But. I'm not. I'm not laying hands. I'm talking and.

I'm filling the room with that energy and doing things and. I because it's hands on. Reiki on hand. I just have the intention and it'll run okay.

So what we're gonna do is we're gonna practice this whole little ritual of just standing with an intention to to connect to. Reiki source you'll notice if you see if you stand like this for even a couple of minutes you'll start to feel a little bit of energy building up in your hands when you're kind of filled with that energy now we're going to go over and we're gonna just place the hands and let the energy flow if you need to put your mind somewhere put it on your crown chakra okay. And and don't try to don't try to send energy don't try to push energy because you'll wind up cutting yourself off from source and wind up pushing your own energy into the client they'll feel great and you'll feel like a raisin yes. Oh yeah yeah because that's what image cycle that's what.

Bengston is it's. Reiki with image cycling right. It's just a more young approach can you feel that gel oh yeah he's he's a pole he's puddling right. Now when.

I have my hand here and. I was talking you can go right. Why because he is his conscious mind became distracted from looking for something and it went through all right. Joseph come on back all right.

So you're gonna start with those baby started with basic intention to connect have your clients put their tongue on the roof of their mouth hands on and just go through the cardinal positions and. Then if you want to practice running the energy through the extremities go ahead can. I use you it's inside this is uh this is gonna be bring your chair. So.

First of all if you are if you're a male working with a female have a seat and you want to work over the heart this is something that's always important. First of all ask permission is okay. If like if. I work on your heart as well.

So one of the things that we need to do is we need to make sure that we have an extra layer of insulation between us and them and the way you do that when you're going to work on the heart and the throat because sometimes we can't see where our hands are and a lot of us you'll notice is you tend to get deeper and deeper into that meditative sensual underside. I like energy to me. Reiki healing is like one of the most hedonistic prospect activities you can do right. It's like you can just become you can just go get completely in that flow and get immersed and what happens a lot of times is you'll spontaneously start to start to sway your hands will start to move.

So. I can speak from experience that embarrassing things can happen to you if you don't follow these precautions. So. First of all ask permission to physically touch okay.

When you're working anywhere in this area if you're going to work the throat some people are a little crazy about having about working with the throat. So you have to be you know. I stairs. I don't.

I don't choke them right. This this is not unless you're an have a fantasy for this this is not a good thing to do because you want them to be relaxed. But the big the most big the biggest problematic area is the heart. So what we do when we work on the heart.

So we have them cover the breath the heart area and. Then we rake you through the hands okay. And this is actually very comforting for them as well right. And and they'll just go.

First always a hug you know. Second of all their energy is adding to my energy and if you notice a lot of people when they sleep they sleep with their hands over their heart a very relaxing soothing way to sleep. So you're amplifying that energy okay. Does that make sense.

So when you're done. Then you gently place the hands back and he can do a palm up if you want and. Then depending them and. I always when.

I move. I always. I always maintain one hand a one contact point. So going back to this.

So for example. So if. I'm here as. I take this notice my this hand is staying here and.

Then. I'll come to keep out come to here see how. I always keep one contact point. So.

I'm never breaking that rapport connection with the client okay. So be very very respectful of people's private areas right. Make sure you ask permission okay. Those of you who are the recipients remember sometimes they get a little stoned sometimes they make mistakes understand the difference right.

But you know be professional. But allow that energy and it's okay. For you to enjoy it too as a healer fact you'll find that the more you'd like immerse in that flow yourself the more they're gonna get whereas if you focus on trying to give them as much as possible you won't get as much and you won't enjoy it nearly as well. So once again joy is a higher vibration connection is a higher vibration the more we immerse ourselves in that frequency the more it's gonna flow okay.

Now there they may have react from time to time let them just let them know it's okay. That those feelings come up let them come out as they come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them right. And lift it and hold that space for them because the body you can resolve traumas with. Reiki.

But it's gonna be a nonverbal resolution the body just remember that the autonomic nervous system does not speak. English it doesn't speak any human language it speaks in the language of feeling and metaphor like physical metaphor like diseases and lumps and wrinkles and and things like that and. So when it communicates its going to communicate that way. So whatever physiological responses they have it's supposed to be that way does that make sense all right.

So this something that it's a little bit time appropriate mean it's time intensive to do. But if it's something people are asking about. So. I would like you guys to to experience this right.

Now here's the cool part as you haven't there tongue of them for the mouth that you haven't focused on their breathing as you start running this energy to guess what happens they go into a deep trance now thinking as a hypnotist targets of opportunity might be a good time to just start telling stories or speaking in a very rhythmic singsong way that allows people to just begin to feel more relaxed as they continue to allow that energy to flow and notice where it's moving notice how it's beginning to relax you even more and more and more feel room change right. So that's how you do it now once you're done it closed off their energy field. So find the nearest plant for all your stale energy into it and seal them up real good and either change places with them or find a new partner and move on okay. Yep let's uh it's 338 let's let's go to what when you're doing self.

Reiki one of the biggest problem that we have. I me used to my big stool here one of the biggest problems that we have with self work once again is that we're trying to be the driver and the passenger at the same time and many times because our consciousness resides at or the or near the same level as the trauma we can't quite get there. So the best way to do self work now a lot of people in classical. Reiki training will say we'll just do the positions on yourself you ever try to do.

Reiki positions on yourself it's not easy you can get this one pretty well this sucks right. Because you have to stress yourself out to put your hands there right. So there's a couple of ways that you can do that to do. Reiki on yourself and the best way to do.

Reiki on yourself is through distance healing through distance work. So you create a witness or an avatar that represents you and you do a healing on that just like you would another person and you're gonna find you're gonna get a bigger. I mean this will put you to sleep really well. Reiki when it's done well it's very common for the the client to just start snoring right.

So it's very clear spend a lot of time raking the ears because the the years itself are a homunculus for the rest of the body if you if you look. At an acupuncture chart alright. You'll see many times in the acupuncture books an inverted fetus the head is here head is here the spine is here genitals are here internal organs are here. So when.

I start working on the ears. I can literally energize the whole body just. I can treat the whole body from there can. I use you again.

Juanita actually to let me you both have long hair. So okay. I should've picked. Sabo for this.

I would've watched him melt. But. Anyway. So.

I was gonna save this for. Later. But this is something that. I used when.

I teach my reiki students and if people want to do. Reiki. I'll set up classes for that it wasn't really on my agenda. But it is useful.

So one of the things. I do is ear massage and the. First thing we do is we start we start at the ear apex right. Up in here and when you when you miss them turn sideways.

So she can see us they could see okay. She likes her left side being for yes. Okay. So yeah.

So when we. So when we when we rub we use a little bit of a rotating finger and. Then we just begin the process of pulling down and usually by about the. Third or fourth pass you see them start to melt a little bit right.

See you're going all right. So this will take all the stress this is equivalent a full body massage. I'm massaging your internal organs. I'm massaging her spine neck okay.

So this again this is what this one had them lining up out the door right. So this is a really really powerful process and if you're channeling. Reiki at the same time that has an added effect okay. A little moan there right.

So start from the crown ears and again there's this this is just the order. I'd do it crown ears. Third eye occiput trapezius throat part okay. So you can throw that in if you want to or you can save it till afterwards it's really your choice.

But it was it was seemed appropriate to do that. So here's our very important there's a lot of power in here's okay. Thank you 20s give her a big round one yeah alright. So let's take let's let's go till about 4:15 and do your channeling do your ear work.

I think and. Then we'll come back and we'll go on to whatever is on the list okay. [Music].
