Title: PxO0sVU3tnI.txt
Video Id: PxO0sVU3tnI
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxO0sVU3tnI

Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen welcome to face reading for fun and profit my name is david snyder and i'm excited to bring you one of the coolest topics i have learned in the field of chinese medicine this has been uh complete as you know very transformational for me in terms of my ability to understand and predict human beings understand myself to diagnose what's going on with them both physically mentally and emotionally it's been a really really cool journey for me and i'm excited that. So many people are interested in how to understand and read anyone instantly um before we jump into uh the content for today uh there's a few administrative things i need to get out of the way. First and i'd like to just go with that um you'll see that there's two of me in the chat one says stephanie which has my picture and. Then of course me stephanie is my amazing administrative goddess she's always in the background making sure that everybody has um the best experience with us possible now a couple of things uh we need to get out of the way before i jump into what i lovingly call the david dog and pony show.

First and foremost if this is your. First time joining us please type your name where you're checking in from and. First time in the chat room okay. Uh it's very very important for a lot of reasons um uh if you're uh if you're a veteran of planet david if you'd be bopping around type veteran in the chat room and your name and where you're checking in from right.

And the reason that i'm doing this. First and foremost a is i want i want you to see who's brand new i want you to see who's been around for a while because as we go through the content in today's webinar there will be lots of questions there will be lots of discussions going on in the chat while i'm presenting if you ask a question and i do not answer it i ask my advanced students my veterans people be bopping around planet david for a long period of time if you have direct experience with ants with the answer to that question based on the things we teach here please feel free to answer their question in the chat point them into any direction. So they need to go things of that nature those of you who are brand new to us we are simulcasting this from our zoom platform uh to our youtube chat now i mentioned this earlier. But a lot of you weren't on at the time and that is that there's about the chats are in real time.

But the actual video stream that's about a delay from about a minute to 90 seconds um between when we get on zoom to when it shows up in your chat. So if you ask a question um and you don't seem to get the answer one of several things has happened either i answered it and you missed it because of the lag or b it went by. So fast in the chat i didn't see it or i felt it was going to derail the direction we were going i do love questions i love interactiveness and i'm going to ask you to interact with me as much as humanly possible that's one of the bit that's one of the ways that you get the most out of this kind of um a class and that's what i consider you know we call it a webinar and it has many of the elements of a traditional webinar. But again there's gonna be a lot more going on here for you.

So if you came in and this is your. First time and you were expecting this the standard 90-minute webinar fluff fluff fluff pitch pitch pitch fluff fluff pitch pitch um you're going to be disappointed i'm afraid because. First and foremost um while they're you know we there will be an offer at the end of this training uh. But what we do with with our webinars is we try to deliver to you as much actionable workable useful today content as possible.

So the way we do things is is very very uh different we call what we do we call a free-formed webinar and a free formed webinar means that i have a standard presentation up until a certain point and. Then at that point i actually turned it over to you as the attendees and i ask you what you want to learn about and. Then i cherry pick based on what you want to learn about i i reorganized the the format and the content of today's webinar to fit your questions. So if you guys get if you guys get where i'm coming from um go ahead and type type guide in the chat.

So i know cool i mean we've gotta wait for our tubers to to show up right. Um of course because we are on youtube and it is a public webinar people will be coming in and some may be you know have a sincere desire to learn others may just be looking for ways to get attention and um we do have people monitoring the chats. So there is no. First.

Second strike if people start to kind of misbehave in a in a extreme way they won't even get worn they'll just get bounced because again the whole point is to deliver as much fun useful content as possible and one of the things that i always preface everything that we teach with i'll give you my my bio in a minute you don't have to believe a single thing that i teach you on this webinar all i want you to do is learn it go out and test it in the field and see what happens belief is not necessary for you to use what we teach okay. So that being said um the way we're gonna do things today is for about the. First 60 minutes or. So i'm going to deliver as much useful foundational actionable content as we can and as a fun as fun-loving always as possible.

Then what i'm going to do if it's okay. With you is i'm going to show you these training package that we've put together for you. So when you decide you want to take the. Next step and learn this even deeper you'll know where to go and what to do and.

Then if and once once we've done that it usually takes about 20-30 minutes depending on the the complexity of of the package we put together for you. But after that if it's what we're going to do is we're going to come back to the content of today's webinar we're going to continue to teach for another 30 40 50 60 minutes. However long it is uh to get covered what we want to get covered today. So just again to reiterate we're going to we're going to teach as much as we can for 60 to 90 minutes we're going to talk about training opportunities and packages that you might be able you might be interested in and.

Then we're going to circle back and we're going to continue to teach is everybody cool with that does that sound like a good plan because this is the scope of everything there is to learn with face reading we got time for this much. So my job is to give you as much useful practical actionable testable content as you can in the time we have and point you in the direction of where to go for more is that fair go ahead and type that in the chat if you think that's fair cool very good all right. So that being said let me go ahead and readjust my stuff oh hold on the kidlets have come in to give me a hug for the webinar all right. Give me a hug and go back and i want more you want everybody sing happy birthday to my daughter kasia it's her she's 11 today happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday dear customers happy birthday to you all right.

Cool. So we don't do that again now go all right. All right. And now back to our regularly scheduled program all right.

This is the this is what happens when you have a covered lifestyle right. Uh david tinker was asking is emotional trauma markings show up on other areas of the body i would guess that it does. But i don't know which ones at this point that's a really interesting question. So okay.

By the way in case you're wondering yes. This is a virtual background. But it isn't an actual virtual it is actually a picture of my real bookshelf that i have downstairs. So if you see me disappearing or whatever that's why okay.

All right. So um that being said uh um let's see if there's uh oh my disclaimer especially now now that we've got a new regime in the white house uh people's sensibilities are going to shift and change. So here we go. First and foremost um my name is david snyder and if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your.

Next 90 to 40 90 minutes to four hours you should probably find a different channel uh where people talk in a little bit more uh sanitized uh format i don't like to i don't i don't set out to to offend anyone. But i have a tendency to provoke a lot of things and there's a therapeutic reason why that is. So that being said uh kathleen says never actually heard you say boobies ever accepted the disclaimer boobies. So now you now you can hear okay.

Um i do have my moments where i go a little potty mouth. But that's just that's just how i express myself and if and if people honestly if if those kinds of things offend you i'm not you're not my audience and i'm not that i'm not the teacher for you. So you know let's let's call a spade a spade and and and be honest if you're someone who likes you know purely sanitized politically correct verbiage this isn't your place if you're like someone who likes to see it who says it the way they feel it whether people agree with that or not um with a sincere desire not to offend anybody. But still speaking their mind.

Then this is this is the place you want to be. So that being said um let me go ahead and um let's go ahead and jump into the david dog and pony show if that's okay. Is it okay. If we get started with today's content i know i know i'm forgetting something.

But um i'll figure it out you're going to want to stay up by the way you're going to want to stay on to the webinar as long as you can because there are some great stuff coming up after we do the offer and things of that nature that i think you'll find really really useful okay. That being said let's go ahead and talk about one of my favorite topics of all time how to instantly read anyone's personality in just minutes the uh chinese face reading applied to personality attitude behavior and temperament now if you stay on this webinar we're going to talk about how to understand understand by looking at a person's face how they think feel and behave we're going to show you in a very definitive way how to uncover hidden traumas we're going to show you how where to look. For how to read people's repressed emotions you'll know stuff about them that they don't want their best friends to know much less a perfect stranger you're going to know how to influence and persuade people based on that information and if you have time you want to get a little naughty we'll show you how to look. At somebody's face and gauge the size and proportions of their naughty bits or even if they would be a good romantic partner for you that being said many people ask who the heck is david snyder and why should i care.

First and foremost i am a doctor of royal medicine i graduated from pacific college of orlando medicine with a degree of acupuncture and chinese medicine although i think picon promotes it as an integrative chinese medical doctor and i don't know why um. But i've been a practicing acupuncturist running and working clinically uh in my specialty since uh 2005 and my special by the way clinically is dealing with a physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion. So while a lot of people in the hypnosis in nlp world which we're going to talk about in a minute specialize in dealing with weight loss or smoke cessation nail biting you know sometimes social anxiety um clinically we tend to get the really heavy duty traumatic uh emotional issues that are actually manifesting as the root of of physiological illness cancer multiple sclerosis parkinson's disease some scoliosis um and all and everything and everything in between from we don't get much smoke cessation we don't get much weight loss. But we get everything from social anxiety all the way up to rape trauma uh you know physical abuse more trauma things of that nature and that's what we've been dealing with very very successfully since 2005 utilizing the technologies that we've created what you're seeing on your screen right.

Now is in the year 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org i've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence and everything ranging from selling to advanced therapeutic applications energy and vibrational influence techniques uh conversational hypnosis um and what this is and this is a i got this from globalgurus.org as well this is something that came completely unexpectedly in the mail i'm going to read this to you and it says new rank of your nlp development program in 2020 says dear david it's with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as one of the number one best programs in the world for neuro-linguistic programming you can see it here when you click on that link you can see all the different courses that we were vetted against and we came out as the number one human influence course that utilizes nlp in the world it also utilizes face reading believe it or not uh. So this is some great things i'm very very proud of we spent a lot of time developing programs and refining how to teach or average people to do extraordinary things and i'm very very proud of this program i'm very very proud of the students who've come through our programs and our job has always been and will always be to teach you the things that will get you the results you want in the shortest amount of time possible. But there's more to me than just what you see here i also happen to be a lifelong martial artist i have a 10th degree black belt in ruku kenpo karate i hold a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao i have a. Second degree black belt in kosho kampuru a.

First degree black belt in fon kuru jiu jitsu i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema uh and systema has rapidly became one of the great loves of my life i think if you're going to be a hypnotist or any our neurolinguistic programmer and you're going to deal with altered states of consciousness systema is probably one of the very best arts to study they have more ways to mess with the uh the human nervous system than anything uh i've also i also have the entire fifth uh i don't claim to be a ninja. But i also i have the entire bhujan khan curriculum up to fifth don in my library as well as all the kuji and things of that nature. So i integrate those energetic things i'm a certified instructor in cinco manuscrima mon arnis basic instructor under a grand master ray prasas in terms of energy work this is far from exhaustive from the things i've been doing. But you know obviously i have an acupuncture degree in acupuncture oriented medicine i've been a reiki master teacher uh since the early 90s since before reiki was cool advanced chronic healing advanced product psychotherapy advanced dna theta healing banks and energy healing systems of course many forms of qigong which i teach to my advanced students as a way to amplify their hypnotic abilities.

So after going through this this you know rather long list of stuff people might ask what do all these things have to do with reading faces and what do they have in common well the bottom line is everything that i've talked about works on something called pattern recognition what does that have to do with reading faces pretty much everything um because human beings you can about my powerpoint human beings are not machines let's just get that out of the way really really quick human beings are not machines. But a lot of the things that we as human beings do are very machine like uh human beings are way cooler than any machine would ever be in fact human beings often create their technology that mirrors what they do with their neurology if you've been on any of our webinars where we talk about somatic body centered energy psychotherapy holographic memory resolution things of that nature we show you how all these things become very very useful implements to creating very powerful change in people. But human beings are not machines. But we create technology that mirrors what we do inside of us and.

So one of the things that you'll see when we start looking at human behavior we start looking at patterns on the face we start looking at patterns of thought patterns of vocal qualities patterns of belief systems there's a structure to everything and when you understand that structure you can interpret that structure and you can you can inject change pretty much wherever you want and you can start to extrapolate and predict where they're going. So martial arts we're looking for patterns acupuncture or medicine we're looking for patterns. But face reading we're looking for patterns neural linguistic programming we're looking for patterns hypnotherapy we're looking for patterns energetics we're looking for patterns things that keep recurring and it's those patterns that give you the pathway to discovering the truth about who you are and the way you're moving through the world and what's driving you know what's kind of driving your bus. So to speak.

So there's a lot to be said for this ability to recognize and understand patterns without allowing yourself to become trapped by them the right. The reason for recognizing patterns is. So that you can do something differently and adapt does that make sense if you understand where i'm going where i'm going with this idea go ahead and type that i understand in the chat all right. Good let's get back to our regularly scheduled program okay.

You can call me sensei if you want. But i'll respond to hey you just as easily all right. Let's go back okay. So is this class for you well when we talk about face reading this is that this class is for you if you would like to be more attractive to the opposite sex maybe even make them find you charming and fascinating and irresistible i can tell you from first-hand experience with the exception of maybe handwriting analysis and i actually i think i think face reading is actually more powerful understanding how to read faces is one of the fastest way to become the most fascinating charming uh amazing conversationalist in the room it'll also allow you to get a snapshot into people's personalities.

So you know how they're likely to react in certain kinds of situations if you'd like to be able to banish the fear and uncertainty and insecurity of not knowing how someone's likely to respond or act this is probably a good place for you to be if you'd like to make more money from your job or book. More clients for your business or get that razor promotion you deserve face reading and understanding how to how to how to profile personality and template can dramatically give you the right. Words to say and the right. Actions to take to get people to want to do what you want them to do and psychologically position yourself in their minds.

So that you become the logical candidate for the job if you'd like to protect yourself from being manipulated or or taken advantage of there are certain characteristics that can warn you to somebody who's more likely to take advantage of you or versus somebody who's not somebody who's not likely to play well with in a group or try to dominate that social hierarchy versus others there's a lot of ways to there's a lot of tells on the face that'll allow you to do that right. If you uh if you want to be able to relate to people and connect with them in a much deeper way you want if you want to be able to peel back their social layers and know who you're really dealing with what's percolating below the surface the stuff they don't really want you to know what's going on with them this is going to be a really really useful three or four hours for you if you'd like to program yourself to create massive financial abundance there are actually some modifications you can make to the features of your face believe it or not that can actually open you up to creating more opportunities for yours it's very weird right. I i don't know you know how this chinese figured this out except through thousands of years of observational science. But there are some very powerful things that you can do i've just recently learned about that again understanding faith trading allows you to do and if we have time we'll talk about those things um if you'd like to nail job interviews left and right.

If you combine this what we're teaching in this webinar with our you know our emotional bonding checklist our echo technique the other things that we teach in our influence trainings you're going to be able to write your own ticket in this life you're going to be able to you'll have people salivating to to spend more time with you and do whatever it takes to have you as part of their organization you'll gain an uncanny insight into how people think feel and behave and you really use that in an ethical way to get more of what you want right. If you're worried about people lying to you we're going to show you some ways that you can monitor the energy of the eyes. To determine if they're really feeling what they say or they're kind of putting up a front okay. If you'd like to learn how to speak and relate to your employees your spouse your children this is probably going to be one of the best few hours that you've spent and uh honestly one of the things that will happen if you've ever had that if you've ever like wondered about having this this ability to like put people in a very profound altered state like having a you know wave of magic wand and just put them in a very profound uh state where they just hang on every word one of the byproducts of being able to read faces is it causes people to assign tremendous of internal authority to you in their world and what happens is they go into a very compliant state they start to view you as a um an expert in who they are and.

Therefore they tend to believe what you say in terms of what they should do. So if any you think any of this would be useful uh go ahead and type in the chat which ones you think would be useful all of it yes. Of course all of the above excellent cool very very cool all right. Let's get back to the show.

Then. So the. First thing that i'd like to talk about is i want when i when you sort through all of the different materials in the face reading lexicon a lot of times it's a lot like nlp and what i mean by that is when you look. At nlp it's like a big buffet spread out all over you it's like there's all these different foods for you to try.

But you don't know which ones are the appetizers which ones are the main courses which ones are going to take some time for you to digest before you can eat or use more um and face tweeting the way it's classically taught is a little bit more circular it's a little bit more linear. So it's a lot like nlp in that there's no. Pecking order. So what i've been doing for the.

Last three or four years that i've been i've been actively uh you know honing my face reading skills is i've been reorganizing the material to be more uh more linear for the western mind. So we could just look. At somebody's face and in 90 seconds we can go right. Down that face and know things about them that their best friends don't know and come away with a very accurate personality profile and when we do our three-day certifications that's literally the final exam i will literally throw a picture up on the screen that nobody knows not even me it'll be from somebody somebody in the audience will submit a picture i'll pick somebody else and they'll have to profile that face from the hairline to the chin and that's the test right.

There you know the person goes down from the hairline that the forehead the eyebrows yada yada yada and. Then i asked the person how accurate was he and every single client that we've done with almost no. Exceptions has been in the 90-plus percentile in terms of accuracy on reading complete strangers in as little as 90 seconds and you can do it too okay. Now obviously in a four-hour webinar i can't condense three days of training into four hours.

But what i can do is i can give you some of the most radioactive nuggets some of the things that are the most instantly useful you just gotta know a couple of things it's either this that or this and see that you know one of three things and it's and you're and you're moving on and you have a very very high probability of being correct in the profile that you've created and what to do as a result of that now the the approach to face reading that we're going to talk about today is also known as a single feature single point fixed feature um reading there are advanced levels we call multiple features where we take combination of a person's cheekbone with their jawline and you extrapolate behaviors from that. But that's not where we're going today although that is an advanced mastery level and there will be classes on that in the future. But. But most of our my students aren't there yet they're still on level two and three of the linear curriculum that we're going to go.

So that being said um are we ready to jump in yes. Or yes. Go ahead and type it in the chat if you're ready to jump in cool all right. So the.

First thing we're going to talk about that i think is most immediately useful is what i like to call patterns of thought now people can be divided up are the the way human beings think about stuff can be divided up into three ways they're either very data driven they are very practical or they are very instinctive or gut driven now everybody has all three of these elements. However there is an order of preference some people like the data and they like to know how practical something is and. Then they follow their gut on on whether it's right. Or not some people do the exact opposite they're presented with something they get a gut feeling that it's the right.

Thing to do they see what it can do for them and. Then they look. At the data that supports the gut feeling they already have some people are they start in the middle they say okay. What's this going to do for me where's your data that supports that okay.

That feels right. To me down here all right. And they go for it now people have a preference. But they do all three and when you look.

At somebody's face when you look. At the shape of somebody's head and face there's a way to figure out which comes. First which comes. Second which comes.

Third does that make sense if you're with me. So far go ahead and type in the chat i'm with you cool all right. So let's look. At this okay.

So again what we're looking at now is what i like to call this the patterns of decision making. So when you look. At somebody's face this is how i want you to look. At it i want you to divide the face into three distinct areas okay.

Now area one extends uh my teacher lillian bridges who i learned the majority of this comes from says to go from the hairline to the top of the eyebrow okay. This is zone one people who have a very large zone one are very data driven right. Um if you ever see my my partner brandon who uh is actually manning the the youtube chat right. Now if you ever see if you ever see him he looks like a diamond his head has a diamond shape are you guys not able to see the screen you guys see the screen okay.

Okay. All right. All right. Perfect.

So. So if you look. At if you look. At brandon's head i don't know if you can see me here.

But he's got a massive massive forehead and everything else is is very very almost triangular when he looks at it and every time i ask brandon a question god love him every time i ask brandon a question he answers me with a spreadsheet right. These people love their data they love to crunch numbers they love all the facts and figures right. I love data too. But i don't do numbers i do i do data that's actually more actionable because i just don't you know i just never been really good at numbers which is why i have other people do my math.

So if you find an error in my arithmetic on the offers today it's not my fault all right. Let's go back. So again if if you're going to approach somebody let's say you're coming into a job interview or a sales call and you see somebody with a very very high forehead the what the. Last thing you want to do you want to say is i'm going you're going gonna love it okay.

Why because this is the order of priority that you need to give to the information that you present now when you look. At hold on a. Second when you see if you if you measure somebody or let's go to zone two real quick zone two as you can see um extends pretty much from the eyebrow or the base of the eyebrow to just below the nose at the philtrum line if you see somebody where this zone is bigger now by the way these people will almost always have really big cheekbones or really big eyebrows or eyebrow ridges um these people aren't as much interested in the data as much as they're interested in what this partic what you as an interview subject you as a spouse or a mate or a date or a sales you know a a provider of some kind of service can do for them okay. So always present with the practical benefits of what it's going to do for you now if you combine this with our emotional bonding checklist that we teach in weapons of social seduction or secrets of human influence or um i think we even do it in a little bit in mental training secrets um you're going to have a one a powerful one-two combination and you'll know what to lead with now if you have the emotional bonding checklist you don't need to read faces because you'll you'll actually actually activate the uh their emotional drivers that get them to do something.

But pragmatic people people with a larger middle zone they want to know what's it going to do for me right. What's the benefit of of having this right. And. Then.

Finally when you look. At people with a large lower zone these people are very gut-driven right. They'll say if i like it i'll know it in my gut. So they're mo they're they tend to be very emotional they tend to be very instinctive i won't go.

So far as to say they're impulsive although they can certainly come across that way these people once they make up their mind in their gut they have a very hard time wrapping their head around any data or facts that you give them to the contrary. So one of the things that i want you to start playing with when you start doing this is i want you to accurately measure and assess the relative sizes of each of these zones and. Then what you want to do is you want to organize them by size. So let's say i'm dealing with somebody who's very data driven we'll just go down data driven pragmatic and.

Then promotional. So this would be one two three i would literally present all the data that supports what i'm there for i would tell them all the things that it would do for them in a practical hands-on way and. Then i would explain to them how much they're going to love having those the results of this. So this tells me in a very clear way what sequence to present my data.

But let's suppose it's a little different right. Let's say we have a different sequence with like maybe we have a sequence of one two three now i'm going to come in i'm going to tell them about this amazing new widget that i've got how it's going to do this that and the other thing for them and how they're going to absolutely love it because of all those things and here's the data that shows you my claims are accurate does that make sense don't worry about the highlighted words um i'll i'll show this to you in a minute right. You get how this whole process works right. So you could get away theoretically uh here uh great question our roof is asking rouge is asking what if they have a balanced face let me make sure i'm you can see me if they have a balanced face many times many times um they're gonna have trouble making a decision right.

And a lot of times like my face actually can be very bad can be very balanced with time and by the way i gotta put this out this is where one of the flags tends to go up when we start peeling back emotional layers on things and things of that nature which we'll do after we'll probably start it before we do the we go through the offer package that we have and we'll come back to it afterwards. But one of the things that the chinese discovered was that your facial attributes your facial markings are very connected to your cardiac nervous system in other words how you feel about yourself and the emotions you hold in your heart will directly impact your facial features and. So by by working on yourself and and growing your heart energy center and clearing traumas and things of that nature you can actually change your physical features you can change an unlucky trait into a lucky trait or a more positive trait it's kind of woo-woo. But i and i didn't and i was the.

First to call with my teacher lillian says yeah when you clear a person's trauma from their face the face changes and and what actually happens is again the. Last day of the trainings she would bring people in off the street for us to practice face readings on and they would take before and after pictures right. And we would do the face reading and they would do and we would put both pictures side by side up on the board and they're different people and i'm like what the heck what the heck just happened it was only it was a 45 minute reading and they're a different person now and i was like wow and by the way for those who have done face reading have had that experience where somebody's face changed physically in a calibratable way from the start of the readings again go ahead and type that in the chat if you have um people um who are asking that question there's a lot of questions coming through here is the hairline of a person to be considered when reading the face yes. Hairlines foreheads um there's a lot in fact in face reading level two we spent a huge amount of time on the uh not obvious traits of the forehead that people don't even think about uh there's a huge amount of information from the eyebrows up that we could.

But we built an entire face reading class just around that it's really powerful stuff uh jason is asking does that work in reverse changing the face causes the problems to change it can it can't um in fact there's a in advanced face reading where we look. At the um we look. At what we call the money funnel we'll talk about that towards the end of the webinar we'll talk about the money funnel. But the space between the eyebrows is the top of your money funnel and it's directly related to what call your your wealth palace which is how successful you can be in in creating money for yourself and one of the things that happens is the more the closer the eyebrows are the more closed that wealth palace tends to be and if you pluck the eyebrows a little bit you can open that funnel and it'll cause a corresponding personality shift um that can help you actually attract more money i didn't i i didn't get that from lillian i got that from a guy named joey app um.

But it was in perfect harmony with some of the other things that that lillian was teaching us in terms of people modifying the bony architecture of their face and losing their ability to play high-level sports and things of that nature. So yes. It's reciprocal if you create an emotional change alchemically within you it will change your face if you modify your face specifically the bony attributes of it it can in fact alter your vitality level it can alter your personality it can alter your temperament the only question i i can't answer is to what degree and how rapidly that will happen. But if there are people who've had experiences like that go ahead and type those in the chat.

So people can see from real world experience you know what that's like or whether that's if that's a phenomena or not let me look. At my youtube people really quick what if people get work done again be careful with getting work done right. Um most there are there are certain traits that you probably you know i gotta be careful because based on chinese medicine altering the bony architecture of the face will change you in some way either immediately or in the long term. So whether you believe that or not i've seen it.

So you can take it you can work with it or not all right. But face reading is a great way to kind of give yourself a check up every morning every morning i get up after i've hydrated and stuff and i look. In the mirror and i see where have i got new lines where have i got new wrinkles right. And depending on the correspondences to those locations i know what i need to work on right.

So it's really really powerful stuff okay. So let's go back to. But do we know kind of circling back do we understand the whole decision making algorithm between the upper middle and lower zones yesterday yes. Yes.

Do you understand how to use it if you understand how to use it type i understand in the chat fake. Then make it kathy says okay. Almost i got like oh my god i got like 30. okay. Good yeah i apologize for my zoomers because sometimes there's a whole bunch of messages in the chat.

But. But zoom doesn't tell me until i look. Down and see the little red flag yeah it's the size of the zones relative to one another okay. Now when we look.

At phase reading we don't just look. At it from the frontal plane we also look. At it from the from the the horizontal and lateral planes as well. But again we don't have time to to look.

At those things in depth. So i'm going to give you the things that i think in terms of our business world our relationships um our therapeutic applications coaches things of that nature these are the things that i think are going to give you the biggest bang for your buck in your personal life the fastest there's a whole ocean of other stuff that we teach in advanced race reading and things of that nature. But these are the things that again if i'm presenting something i look. At their face boom boom boom i know exactly what to start with where to go.

Next what to finish with and if i can marry that to the emotional bonding checklist. Then boom um i have a high probability of winning that sale that job okay. Are we good. So far is this useful yes.

Or yes. As t harvecker would say and hopefully if hopefully you're taking some screenshots you can find all of these charts in my teacher's textbook. Face reading in chinese medicine by lillian pearl bridges you can get it on amazon i believe you can also get it through elsevier.com okay. So once again you have three areas you have the data driven you have pragmatic and you have emotional now what's really cool uh let me go over here is that i don't know if i can show you no.

That's not here okay. I was gonna show you a correlation with handwriting analysis. But um i'd have to write more stuff okay. So we're good all right.

So the. Next thing i'd like to talk about and this is easily one of the most important pieces that i want to look. At. So we've talked about dividing the head horizontally in three quadrants right.

But we can also divide the head into right. And left now remember this is that person's right. So it's true right. And true left when you look.

At somebody's the right. Side of somebody's face what you're seeing is their public side in other words they have a persona a mask that they show the world and that is that is expressed through the right. Side of the face. But who they are when nobody's looking who they are behind closed doors when the door is locked and the lights are out and the shades are drawn represented on the left side of the face okay.

So there's a little bit of you know we talked a little bit about hemispheric uh orientation. But it's really not relevant right. Now. So right.

Side is public left side is private now why do we why do we even want to know this. First and foremost one of the things you want to do is as a a burgeoning face reader or a blossoming face reader is you want to know who you're dealing with one of my colleagues in the behavioral sciences field chase hughes talks a lot about social masks and that one of the most powerful ways to influence people is by penetrating or peeling away those social masks social masks are seen here private scene here or behind the mask interestingly though when you're doing business with people you want to present to the person they show on the right. Side why because people don't want to feel vulnerable in a business interaction they there's only certain there's only certain um contexts in which it's permissible to show vulnerability and most business applications are not one of them if you're doing something that's a little bit more relationship based in other words maybe you're talking to somebody about your feelings or or or your work talking with a family member this is where the information on the left side of the face can become extremely useful and one of the things that happens uh when we teach the emotional bonding checklist is converse what we do conversationally from a mask perspective is we start with very superficial non-threatening topics and. Then we drill down to the emotional drivers underneath it.

So that's what the emotional bonding checklist actually does for those of you who've been on any of our attraction workshops we've got one coming up in february if you're interested in that we talk about something called the echo technique and three magic questions three magic questions does the exact same thing that the emotional bonding checklist does it starts you on very safe public superficial topics that don't threaten a person's external self-image and. Then gradually opens up this private side and lets you in. So you can build a nest in their heart that they want to feather with you does that kind of make sense i know i'm kind of i'm teaching things in a way that i've never actually taught on a webinar before i'm just trying to link some of the technologies. But when we start presenting we want to understand that in a business context we always want to play to the superficial.

First and work deeper we never want to start with the intimate the vulner the vulnerable um sensitive sides and explode those those interactions okay. Does that make sense uh somebody's asking how you screenshot from an ipad i have no. Clue how that works okay. Do our folks on youtube or you guys got any questions about any of this.

So far now let's dig a little deeper into this particular process one of the things you gotta that kind of trips us up when we start to investigate public versus private side is dominance of the eye most human beings are right-handed. Therefore they tend to be right-eye dominant because of that the field of vision of their right. Eye the field of vision of their right. Eye tends to overwrite the field of vision of the left eye and.

So you will tend to look. At people through your right. Eye at their right. Side is that you follow me.

So far if we want to get a more accurate picture of what somebody's private nature is like the things they do in the dark the things they keep to themselves the things they don't want the public to know about you cover your right. Eye and you look. At the left side of their face through your left eye does that make sense type in yes. Or no.

If you if you got it or not um are we still online chat is disabled how did the chat get disabled hold on a. Second. So people are telling me my chat is disabled is that stephanie can we fix that i don't know how that happened i want you guys to be able to kind of ask questions okay. So let me see where we at um all right.

Screwed up. So i'm trying to make sure everybody's here okay. Um all right. So here's a i want to jump back to something real quick.

So we're good with this now one of the things that i want us to look. For we're going to cover this more uh when we come back and start looking at emotions. But one of the things i want you to start to pay attention to when you're looking at left side versus right. Side of the face one of the things i want you to start looking at is asymmetry almost nobody's face is symmetrical okay.

So when you look. At a face look. At the size of the features compared to each other the right. Eyebrow bone versus the left eyebrow bone the right.

Eye versus the left eye how how open is the right. Eye versus how open is the left eye the bigger the bigger the openness the bigger the trait the more dominant the trait okay. They're on a spectrum okay. Um when you look.

At emotions which is where we're going uh very very shortly when you look. At the emotions look. At where the lines are deeper are they deeper on the left side are they deeper on the right. Side right.

And this will tell you where they're harboring those those energies and those and uh the strongest and the longest does that make sense okay. I'm not seeing anything coming through the chat. So i'll just have to okay. So how did the zoom chat get disabled all right.

Well um we'll just have to work on that one. So still no. Chat and zoom i'm not sure what's going on here um i apologize guys i don't know what zoom did all right. We'll just have to work around okay.

People are typing questions um chat is disabled chat is disabled okay. All right. So here's where we kind of start to customize things a little bit all right. So we know how people make decisions right.

Top middle bottom we know price of public side versus private side right. We know how to gauge symmetry versus asymmetry okay. Now we're going to talk about we're going to start moving into emotions. But i want to talk about emotions and i want to make sure that you can link everything that we're doing to an application that you have.

So i want you to think about something from i want you to take this let's do a brief quick exercise normally i would have you write this down. But i want you to close your eyes. And think about what you would be what's the reason that you jumped onto this webinar you know what was it you wanted to gain from it and what did you want to be able to do with that information if you if you take a moment type that in the chat for me what you want to be able to do with that information okay. This is where i get to ask you this magnificent question what do you most want to learn about what's the biggest question you'd like the answer to type it in the chat for me okay.

And again for those of you who are raising your hand in the zoom room for some reason somehow someway zoom turned off our chat and i don't know why okay. Cool all right. Okay. Just flow with clients better okay.

Flow of clients better cool understand people better understand people around me i'd understand others trifling trifling women okay. That's i think that would technically be an attraction uh application make better decisions i will learn chinese face reading because of those who have gotten one over on me okay. So protect yourself read emotions understand if someone's telling you okay. We can do that i'm an empath and need to others okay.

Ability connect understand yeah that's kind of understanding ourself is kind of like the big one for most people. So stop promoting close your eyes. Okay. I want you to close your eyes.

And imagine the webinars over you've come away with every single thing you came to learn i want you to imagine yourself take a moment and imagine yourself utilizing this out in your life and getting exactly what you want and when you do that stop for a moment and see it through your eyes. Hear it through ears smell and taste it through your mind and body and soul and notice what that's like and once you have that you're living it you're enjoying it having it now what is that going to do for you what's that going to do for you okay. Go ahead and type that in the chat what's it going to do for you okay. And.

Then if you when you know what that is imagine having that and what's that what what that's like and what does that do for you because there's always the the superficial reason we're doing something and. Then there's the kind of not for everybody reason that we do it and. Then there's the real emotional reason what it's actually going to do for us and i want you to link all of those things to the content we're about to cover as you ask and answer these questions. So you can feel confident knowing that you're coming away with the things you want and need most from this training okay.

So understand yourself better you're going to get a huge amount of self-understanding from this and i like and i'm happy that sign into zoom web portal in the navigation menu click settings okay. Maybe maybe stephanie can do that because i don't know how it got turned off okay. Just go ahead and type that stuff in the chat effective communication okay. To be heard oh blue you're in for it tell me i'm going to tell you something you combine face reading well face training by itself people will not be able to stop paying attention in fact you're going to start wishing they'd go away right.

Yes. You ever kathleen said it really well everyone does have awesome reasons for learning this and they're all good and i want you to know what they are i want you to be clear on what they are. So i can make sure to deliver these to you okay. And again this is based on over 2 500 years of chinese observation and facial diagnosis i can look.

At your face i can diagnose your organs i can diagnose your hormonal levels i can diagnose your your glandular functions uh. But i can also look. At personality characteristics and temperaments lots of cool things that that we can do with this. But again i need to know where to direct my stuff okay.

Perfect. So i want you to look. At the things you wrote and i want you to say them out loud to yourself two or three times and tell me what happens to the feelings in your body and type that in the chat type in the chat what you feel put my aces in places right. On okay.

Good all right. So let's talk about emotions when people a person's emotional history is actually written on their face and one of the interesting things that happens is as you move through traumatic experience expand um events and experiences you'll develop markings in certain places and there are certain patterns of correspondence. So we're going to start from the very top of the head and we're going to move in a clockwise direction around we're going to look. At these traits individually.

So you can begin to spot check people and do things like that okay. I'm in a wheelchair people seem to not hear me start using their words blue okay. So let's look. At this really quick oops that's not where i'm going okay.

This is one of my favorite one of my most favorite um maps of all time the moment you know there were there were certain light bulbs that went off for me when i started studying face reading and the three that i'm sharing with you now were was the uh the the three zones of the head the public and private sides and. Then this map here for those of us who are coaches or in any and in in any occupation we need to read and understand where somebody's coming from emotionally what the emotional drivers are okay. This is one of the most pop this is solid gold um we're going to go through like the. First five to seven traits we're going to do our offer and.

Then we're going to circle back and we're going to finish the map and we're going to build on this. So we have more uh techniques and more ability to understand people does that sound like a plan if they think that's a good idea go ahead and type that in the chat goodbye gaslighters um you can probably find this map on google images. But it is copyrighted uh to lillian bridges and uh you can definitely find it in her book. Face reading and chinese medicine i would highly recommend you get that book.

It is a gold mine of really useful workable information okay. So we're going to start at the 12 o'clock zone and we're going to work clockwise this way. So the. First the.

First trait we're going to look. At is a horizontal line that starts right. Above the eyebrow let me change my change my pen size really quick. So it's a horizontal line that starts right.

About the midsection of the eyebrow and traces towards the outer lateral border of the eyebrow this is called skepticism line these are people who don't take they take everything with a grain of salt uh yes. Brandon i can see that okay. Okay. So when you see lines about i see this a lot on counselors and therapists i see this a lot on litigators i see this a lot on uh moms who have very precocious children right.

Next line that we want to look. At and these are some lines that i really want you to pay a lot of attention to starts at the outer canthus of the eye the outer canthus is known as the or the corner of the eye there's a line that travels up these are known as joy lines or laugh lines now the the chinese concept of joy is a little bit different than um than what we think of um do they have they have what they call pathological joy sorry and they have healthy joy pathological joy is more like excitement right. Think of somebody who just when won the lottery right. They get.

So excited they have a heart attack right. Or they're going over a uh a roller coaster right. And. Then and they're getting that thrill healthy joy is more like contentment.

So when you see someone with with lines at the corner of the outer canthus of the eye that travel up this way this person has had a lot of joy in their life okay. Now starting from the outer campus once again and traveling down you have what i call three degrees of loss. So you have sadness which is a short line that extends from the outer canthus if that line is uh deeper if the line is deeper and it's a little bit longer extends back through the the cheekbone you're looking at sorrow this is a deeper level of sadness in other words you know sadness might be something like losing a job sorrow might be something losing a loved one. But never actually getting over that loss right.

Or holding on to that grief they may be in mourning this is a you know you might see these lines if the line extends down towards the jawline now you're looking at grief and more often than not when you when you're looking at grief what you're looking at is a buildup of sadness and sorrow over time that has not been resolved all of these indicate emotions that have not been resolved fully. But they're they're they're degrees right. And. So when you're looking at grief you often see people who exhibiting sorrow and grief will often have lung problems um if you were to take a map of the body the lungs are actually here it's actually shaped like a lung.

So anytime you see lines extending down through this area if they're there for any protracted period of time they're almost always going to result or show a person moving towards problems with their breathing it could be asthma it could be allergies it could be emphysema it could be copd um conversely when you get people coming in you go back to our screen when you get people coming into the therapy room for unresolved grief or trauma you will often see them start to cough because grief and sorrow migrate to the lungs right. So it's a feedback loop something that affects the lung will show up on the face in the lung area something that is affecting the face like an emotion will show up as a lesion in the lungs. So many times if there's a discoloration in this area you can almost bet it's some kind of inflammation in the lung or some kind of if it's if it's really discolored it's some kind of stagnation relating to the lung it could have an emotional basis. But there's it's moving towards a physiological expression david says what if we don't have either joy or sadness lines and you're probably a little bit on the uh dissociated side or you just don't mark on the face really well twin is saying uh what if this younger person that does not have too many lines and they generally have a smoothie well again um regardless of how young they are if they have emotional toxicity building up in the system from traumatic events they will mark okay.

Um they'll tend to mark much and they'll mark much more obviously. Later in life. But there's a lot of elasticity to the skin there's a lot of stem cell a lot of regeneration going on. But if the if the event is really really traumatic they'll still mark they'll still mark okay.

Let's see here okay. So we've got skepticism joy sadness grief sorrow i call these lost lost lines that was really ugly now there's one more lost line that i want to talk about this one actually extends from the the inner cancer or the inner canthus of the face for those who don't know what it what what i'm what i mean when i say canthus all i'm really saying is corner of the eye. So right. Here.

So this line is called a lost love line it extends from the inner canthus travels down and it eventually can meet up with the grief line now the lost love line is an interesting line because what it doesn't necessarily indicate that you've lost you've lost someone you love although it could be someone that you love what it often indicates is the loss of something that was part of your spiritual journey in this life um and what i mean by that in a practical sense is it means that you lost an activity or a person who was such a fundamental part of your identity as a human being that brought. So much joy and love and light into your life that the loss of it was absolutely traumatic. So when you like the the example that i often give to people is let's say um my camera's like way off here i'm going to try and fix that um let's say for example that when you're when you're young you fell in love with horses you know riding horses taking care of horses maybe your parents had a horse or a stable and most of your your teenage life was spent in and around horses you could never ever conceive of even doing something that didn't have horse a life that never worse is in it and. Then maybe you're 20 30 years old you meet somebody who for whatever reason uh maybe they're allergic maybe they they're afraid of horses they hate horses because they were thrown when they were young um they can't be around horses they don't want you to be around horses and because you love this person that much you give up horses you will mark that loss as a line that extends from the inner campus all the way down through there it can be a person.

But many times it's an activity and part of the thing we'll talk about a lot in face reading is what we call the golden path the golden path is kind of that mission you know we all have this idea that there's something in this life that we came here to do a mission we came to fulfill and we're desperate to figure out what that is. So we can get to it well one of the ways that you begin to get on your golden path is by doing the things that open your heart and bring your life joy okay. The more of those things you follow the more of your spirit can enter your body your spirit is bigger than your physical body. But it resides in the heart and emanates outward like light that's why when people are very shameful how many of you ever seen somebody go from completely depressed to completely joyful in a matter of minutes if you've seen that type it in the chat okay.

Right. So usually when they're depressed or they're sad the eyes. Are very flat it's like nobody's home right. But the minute they go to joy it's like this light just emanates from their eyes.

Have you guys ever seen this yes. Or no. Okay. What you're seeing from a chinese perspective is shining in other words the spirit of that person the body is now a more hospitable joyful place to be more shen flows in and more light emanates out the eyes.

And from beneath the skin this is one of the things that face readers i like to type called chinese medicine are face reading chinese vibrational psychotherapy because it's the one way that we can begin to help people unpack traumas just through dialoguing there's an energetic exchange that goes on as you help people extract the lessons and resolve those traumas right. One of the things that we chase as a face reader is the shen there's the light behind the eyes. And from beneath the skin and we poke the bearer. So to speak we ask them questions about things that are emotionally provocative to get them to kind of ab react and deal with it right.

And we help them reframe the experience draw the positive lessons and. Then the face changes right. That's part of the the classical face reading advisor and counseling process. But we were watching and monitoring that light in the eyes.

Now along that same line when people are joyful and they are fully present more light will emanate from the eyes. When people begin to lie when they begin to kind of distance themselves or um try to try to put barriers up which is usually a precursor to lying you'll see that light in the eyes. Start to dim the shen will start to diminish okay. Unless they tend to be wired like a lot of sociopaths are where they get duping delight where they they actually get more joy out of out of lying to people.

But there are other tells for that as well. So do you understand why the light behind the eyes. Is. So important doing nothing on a constant basis brings you joy yes.

But is it productive see we didn't come to this world to do nothing although doing nothing may be a very big part of our path we came here to create a process to create something and you have to find out what that is right. A question was asked when we ask questions during the healing should we look. At the client's private or public eye i would look. At both.

But i would pay a lot of attention to their public their private side and see what's what's congruent right. So um did everybody get the conch the what i said about lying in chen okay. Dark circles under the eyes. Are usually indicative of um either tired kidneys or unresolved grief usually what we call unshed tears.

But that's usually more of a puffiness if they're dark it's usually it can be issues with their children or it can be um unresolved tears or it could be adrenal fatigue yes. Okay. So has this been useful. So far is everybody having fun with this cool all right.

So it's uh it's 509 and like i said before i wanted to give you as much information as i could set the stage for you. So to speak i want to talk to you about some of the training opportunities and the offer packages that we put together for you and. Then i'd like to circle back and continue where we left off with understanding emotions in the face and whatever else you want to go into would that be okay. If you think that.

So if you're okay. With that go ahead and type that in the chat okay. And we had a problem with them. So i apologize for that.

So we're good excellent all right. Let's go talk about this. So right. So with your permission i'd like to ask you some questions are you.

Finally ready to learn how to instantly read other people's personalities and temperament understand yourself better sound familiar gain an unbeatable edge in life and take your people reading skills and your life to the. Next level if you're ready go ahead and type that in the chat uh jt's asking what is my opinion on kigong and the healing sounds love them use them all the time introducing face reading for fun and profit secrets to of people reading for and personality transformation home study course this is a course that we put together specifically to help you take your life to the. Next level if you're interested in understanding yourself learning how to read people instantly predicting their behavior this is probably one of the best investments you're going to be able to make if you're interested in helping more people feeling more confident feeling more powerful and winning the game of life if you'd like to be more charming and charismatic and irresistible the skills in this course are truly transformational they are cutting edge and they will absolutely take your life to the. Next level.

So here's what we got for you by the way there is a deadline on this offer it does expire as of january 21st 2021. So at 11 59 p.m. So you do have a little bit of wiggle time if you wait to the. Last minute.

But i wouldn't because there are a limited number of these packages available. So today's special webinar offer is all about the secrets of face reading home study course this is the course that's going to show you in very simple easy ways how to assess per a person's personality and temperament how they think and make decisions and this particular styles of thinking that they use. So that you can get more yeses in the shortest amount of time possible. So that you don't waste time talking about things that people aren't wanting to hear that's one of the most powerful things that you can get from face reading is being able to know what kind of information to give to people in the way that they're ready to consume it it's extremely important and it's one of the drivers in all the technologies that we teach we're going to teach you how to find and unlock emotional traumas how to look.

At people's ages and know what ages these traumas happen and help you unpack and attack them. So that you can resolve them from their life and remove them as issues and blocks to their success and yours we're going to teach you how to look. At people's management styles how do they deal with authority how do you how do you uh integrate these kinds of people with certain facial characteristics in the teams are they better as a solo player versus a team player these are some things that are very very powerful insights that you'll gain into managing your people okay. We're going to show you how to use these things to connect with other people far more powerfully than you ever thought possible in the shortest amount of time possible you'll be amazed when you start doing this how rapidly people just start opening up to you and they start sharing the most intimate details of their life in complete safety and they will hang on your every word and every guide every direction that you give because you're demonstrating a knowledge of them that they couldn't nobody else has shown and if you're doing it right.

They feel more validated and understood by you than anyone's ever been able to to share with them before it's a really really powerful experience you'll be able to understand yourself better like i said i look. In the mirror every morning and i look. At the lines on my face how they change as i resolve i watch how certain lines disappear how certain facial features grow or shrink as i begin to go through the process of helping people you know or myself clear my stuff because we all have stuff and face reading is a great way to get a real quick snapshot of where you're at that particular day if you'd like to predict human behavior and understand what people are most likely to do in a given situation this is worth its weight in gold if you always thought about becoming the most fascinating person in a room if you'd like to never be fooled again by people's behaviors like understanding who they truly are on the inside this is one of the most powerful ways that that you can gain an advantage and get a head start in your life total value for this is 1497. if you would buy it on the website. But of course we're going to sweeten the pot a little bit for you because if you act today if you grab this course we're going to give you some amazing exclusive special bonuses starting with the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course this is a 1497 value and this is the course that i think every single human being on the planet should own and understand because this allows you to systematically customize your sense of personality your identity uh your abilities and attributes it teaches you to unlock the power of your subconscious mind and reprogram it to be able to hypnotize yourself and anyone you want anytime anywhere for any reasons it'll show you powerful ways to remove blocks to your success in limiting beliefs find and remove hidden negativity clear up issues that just don't seem to go away change that crappy voice inside your head.

So that it builds you up instead of tearing you down all the time it'll teach you how to resolve negativity from your past. So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember in ways that make you like your life better and it'll show you very powerful bulletproof ways to install and amplify traits qualities and characteristics in yourself of people you admire okay. It has it's a there's a seven stage identity by design process and it takes you soup to nuts to help you customize the person you want to be instead of the person that everybody in your life has conspired to force you to be if you're really ready to break free from the limitations of the past reprogram your subconscious mind for success and spread that good that good energy to other people and even make good money doing it this is probably one of the most important courses you will ever own and it's yours absolutely free if you're going to buy it on the website today you'd have to pay 1497 total value today is 2994.

But we're not going to stop there if you act now you're also going to get vibrational healing this is the energy secrets made easy remote influence home study course this is a course that i teach to my advanced students once they've been vetted on advanced state control advanced non-verbal rapport empathic bridging and empathic transference if you've seen the empathic superpowers video on our youtube channel and you see me making a person sway and stuff like that that's a tiny piece of what we teach in killer influence and cpi that is a prerequisite to going into the vibrational classes because everything that you do in vibrational influence is an extension of what you learn in the earlier classes. So you'll not only learn how to do reiki about reiki and how it's done you learn about chronic healing you learn about the bankston energy system you learn about image cycling which are some of the most powerful ways to manifest things you'll learn all the different you'll learn about all the different modes of energy healing and how they fit into the hermetic principles and methodologies that i teach and that underlie all of the transformation techniques that we do um we'll teach you how to do remote influence we'll teach you how to do remote viewing in this course although we don't emphasize the remote viewing aspect of it as much as we emphasize the remote healing aspect of it um you'll see how to use i think in this one we talked about how to use stones i think there's a little bit of stones in this one as well. So you'll learn the full spectrum you learn how to get in contact and get rapport with the elemental powers that are the building blocks of our universe and you can manifest phenomena how to make yourself heavier and lighter how to uh generate heat in your body how to um become unliftable you know in certain cases these are all aspects that we teach as a as the. Next step once people learn how to do their controller state and how to actually um transfer that energy some of the people in our mastermind groups have played with like getting in harmony with certain elemental energies and transferring them into other people and.

Then people break out and sweat and do all kinds of cool stuff right. We'll teach you the mechanics of how to protect yourself against psychic manipulation and attack how to realize your true potential how to get on your golden path we'll teach you some of the most powerful manifestation techniques that you can use to get what you want in the shortest amount of time possible and people will tell you on this chat on this chat they have seen me manifest stuff that is patently impossible and there have been people on this chat who have done the same thing if you've ever used any of the manifestation techniques that we teach go ahead and type in the chat exactly what your experiences were. So people can see just how powerful this information is this is not our hidden laws of attraction course this is specifically for people who are into full spectrum mind body healing and want to use healing as a mechanism to enhance their personal and spiritual power and growth. So if you're ready to realize your true potential balancing clean chakras influence and heal people remotely clear up issues that just don't seem to go away boost your psychic abilities and manifest anything you want in the shortest amount of time possible this is going to be again one of the best courses for you okay.

This works i chose this course specifically because there's such a healing orientation on face reading and reading the energetics of a person's body that this is just a natural extension of therapeutic applications. But there's. So much more that you can do with this. So i invite people who've been through these courses to absolutely go ahead and chime in their experiences with it total value for you to buy everything here on the website uh individually would be four thousand four hundred and ninety one dollars.

But we're not going to stop there we're also going to throw in and we're here to talk about face reading. But let's be honest people are asking are there other places on the body that mark or that can show things well there's a whole language to the rest of the body that we also pay attention to we call this our people reading for fun and profit body language secrets home study course this was a course i did on pure non-verbal influence you'll learn the rapport spectrum how to speed read couples and their levels of attraction the seven stages of the body of of us a stranger to intimacy in other words we call that the mating dance you'll understand the body language of attraction attraction cues what they look. Like you'll learn how to detect lies and other deceptive behaviors to influence people without words you'll learn how to project charm and confidence and charisma on command by just changing your posture you can change the energy and the vibration that you radiate outward if you've been to killer influence or cpi you know that we have very powerful uh meta frames that we teach you that form the archetypes or the building blocks of your state control repertoire we go through them very powerfully in this course as well we'll talk about how to dress for success in the seven are the nine levels of six of dress as they relate to social status which is one of the most important aspects of clothing that you can understand we'll teach you how to eliminate behaviors that weaken your influence things as simple as not touching your face on a date or avoiding scratching your nose a lot because uh when you're trying to negotiate or whatever you'll learn how to close more deals get more dates you learn how to speed read people's interest in you and in each other. So you know how to deal with them.

So you know what to do. Next you know in 2005 i released a course called secret let me go back to the um and see in in 2005 i released a course called secret orgasm tips it's still available for sale on the internet and in that book. I i it was a chapter i put in there i said the one secret that that's any form of any system of attraction or seduction work and the reason most fail and that whole chapter was on one simple skill and that is body language calibration in other words the ability to calibrate if what you're doing is having the effect that you want it to have if you don't understand how to calibrate that you're dead in the water you have no. Way to understand or modify what needs to be modified if you can read that kind of.

But non-verbal cues you can you can course correct and get and get your outcome. But most people they never learn and master that aspect of it and. So they're always stuck in the water. So we put this in here as well you've got the face you've got the eyes.

You've got if you've got any of our language courses you've got the linguistic aspects of it now you get to learn how to read the whole body in terms of posture orientation forward and backward leaning covering and blocking gestures things of that nature these are very powerful non-verbal influence skills that you can use as amplifiers to all the other influence that you're wielding okay. So it's a 997 value it's we're going to give it to you absolutely free just for grabbing one of these uh face reading for fun and profit personality transformation home study courses total value if you were to buy them individually on the website would be five thousand four hundred and eighty eight dollars. But we're not going to stop there we've got one more little surprise for you i'm also going to throw in lie to me if you dare my how to catch a liar crash course this was a course that i taught um back in i think it was 2017 where i taught a group of about 50 or 60 people some of the most powerful reliable techniques and tells for catching people who are trying to be deceptive okay. You'll understand the key indicators of deception what constitutes an indicator versus what doesn't i'm going to share with you 15 unique tells that will clue you in about when somebody may be lying i'm going to teach you the two things you've got to know before you can even make sense of any body language people are giving you uh we're going to teach you how to we'll teach women how to understand men better we'll teach men how to understand women better all right.

Because the body language and the cues that people that either gender give off are very very demonstrated as to what's going on in their internal world and if you misread these cues you're going to wind up moving away from attraction and towards the friend zone or worse you'll get completely ignored or frozen out. So again these are things that we need to understand we need to understand where these things activate and. So those are the things that um we can begin to cover both in the people reading for fun and profit course and. Then of course when people start to become progressively more uncomfortable their tendency to prevaricate or lie or deceive goes up we're going to show you those indicators and we're going to show you how to eliminate the indicators uh that would weaken your influence and you'll be able to close more deals get more dates uh get the truth out of your children or your loved one or whatever and never manipulate it again i do got to warn you if you're going to grab this course and you're gonna and you're doing it because of the lie detection aspect remember something that if you're going to confront part of being able to detect lies has to be the willingness to confront that's something you have to decide you want to do right.

It's not enough to just know how to detect the lies if you want to do something you've got to have the willingness to do something about it now sometimes that doing something about it is nothing sometimes it means going right. In their face and confronting them sometimes it means fact checking. But you know just knowing how to catch lies is powerful. But if you don't have the resolve to take the course that's right.

For you um you might as well not know this stuff because it's not going to help you. Anyway you're just going to get taken advantage of. So i'm going to stress again when you buy this course that don't you know learn the cues. But also work on your ego boundaries work on your sense of self your personal identity use the use the personality transformation techniques to build up the ability to uh stand up for yourself and to be willing to confront and take the ramifications of those confrontations total value for this package.

So far if you were to buy them individually on the website is 5585. But today um this is what we got for you. So we've got the secrets of face reading home study course valued at 1497 we've got the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course again 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we've also got vibrational healing energy healing and remote influence uh 1497 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to throw in the people reading for fun and profit two day intensive on all that other body stuff 997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and of course we're going to throw in the lie to me if you dare how to catch liar's crash course i should actually charge about 297 for this because there's. So much good information in this in this one course that it can really really prepare you for dealing with the not.

So nice people in the world who want to take advantage of us. So uh total value 5 585 and everything that we're sharing with you today comes with our 90-day 100 satisfaction guarantee if after you get the face reading secrets a personality transformation home study course you're not understanding people better and using that that understanding to connect and close more deals and get more dates and attract more success and manifest your dreams go ahead by your standards and your definitions right. If you're not feeling more confident and secure and powerful in yourself if you're not gaining a significant advantage in social encounters if you're not finding people flocking to you to have you read their face and find you the most fascinating and interesting person in the room i'll refund your money if you're not satisfied with this program for any reason whatsoever if you've given it your best shot and you just can't make it work or it's not delivering everything i'm saying it's gonna it's gonna do is call us up email us and we'll give you a full refund take 90 days to test this stuff you don't got to believe it guys and gals you just got to do it does that make sense if you think if that makes sense go ahead and type it in the chat okay. Now for those of you who want to grab that there's a special website you can go to you can go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face dash reading dash super dash package or if you want the shortcut you can go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face www.nlpower.comforwardslash face face it'll take you to the exact same page okay.

Right. Sound like a good deal if you think that's a good deal type that in the chat for me well i'm glad you think it's a good deal because i got more because if this wasn't amazing enough already if you grab your course today before january 21st 2021 11 59 p.m i'm going to include these special bonuses these are special fast action bonuses that nobody in my organization knew i was going to offer today. So they're like what david what have you been doing i told you i was working on my powerpoint now everybody goes what are you doing david right. Http forward slash face and yep here's what we got here's what we got for you for those of you who grabbed this package today we're going to include absolutely free a three-month trial membership to our nlp power mastermind mentoring group and archive now let me explain this is a 594 dollar value.

But let me explain to you what this is. So you can understand that this is actually way far more valuable than 594 dollars what we do with the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and. First of all the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is not a certificate it's not a home study course you can participate from home. But it's a live interactive event that meets on the.

Third saturday of every month now we've been doing this group every single month religiously since 2010 it is the longest running skill building workshop in the world it is not something where you're going to get a certificate it is something where you're going to come you're going to log in or come in in person you're going to tell me what you want to learn i'm going to create a lesson plan for you right. On the spot and for four hours on the. Third saturday of every month i'm gonna drill you exclusively on those skills. So you can do them in your sleep okay.

You won't get a certificate this is where you go if you've gotten certificates from other people and you can't make that work right. So literally what happens is um and um we're gonna have to close it very soon because i had almost 50 people in the. Last one and it was insane how much you know content we covered and the things we did and how people got to actually work on their stuff. But it's getting to the point now where i have to i have to actually close off access to this group because you know the student teacher ratio has to be kept small.

So people can get their questions answered and get the hands-on skills that they signed up for. But for those of you who grabbed this package today we're going to give you three months for you to come in try it out hang out with the peeps and and see if it's something that that that gives you what you came for you know roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills and the way it works is on the. Third saturday of every month you come in i ask you happy thoughts what do you want to learn xero what do you want to learn jason what do you want to learn josh what do you learn allegra what do you want to learn holly what do you want to learn seth what do you want to learn and you're going to tell me what you want to learn about i'm going to write it on the board i'm going to look. At that list of things you want to learn about i'm going to create a lesson plan right.

On the spot and for the. Next three hour four hours. However long it is i'm going to drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay. So you come in with a desire to learn and a need that needs to be fulfilled you leave with the ability to actually do those skills now the other thing that's really cool about this particular program by the way do you think that's a do you think that's a good deal by the way to have the ability to work in a small private group with me and get the things that are the biggest sticking points in your life handled is that is that useful do you think that would be helpful to you getting you what you want in life go ahead and type it in the chat if you think it is this lag is killing me right.

Cool because what else right. Because what else we're doing is you know since 2010 we've been running this group we've had video running every single session for the. Last 10 years okay. We've archived that video on the our private facebook.

Group we've archived a section of it on the nlp power website and we've archived the newer stuff both on the facebook. Group and our youtube diamond level chat chat um channel. So if you're a youtube diamond member you get access to that mastermind content as well as the ability to participate um for your for the length and the duration of your trial membership you have full one uh 100 access to all of that 10 years of content everything from how to meet and attract people how to connect how to get over blocks to success how to reprogram your subconscious mind how to sell how to write sales copy how to memorize better how to learn faster how to do energy healing how to tell stories everything that my students have asked about for the. Last 10 years that were the sticking points for them and probably the sticking points for you too is archived on those videos you can binge watch that stuff for 24 hours a day seven days a week for your entire trial period in addition to participating in person uh with the after actual group and if you like it just let stephanie know and we'll give you a link to extend your membership and do things like that nature.

So if you really want to take your skills to the. Next level you got to roll up your sleeves guys you know the information on a video is borrowed information until you start doing something with it and that's why we created this program. So the people who had information. But couldn't use it could get it out there and be functional with it.

So if you want to be functional fast if you want to get the biggest bang for your buck you want to spend more time interacting with me and with people like you who have the same interest the same desires the same uh you know weirdness that you know other people look. At us weird for right. You like to hang around with cool people who like to do cool stuff this is one of the best places to be i am. So proud of the people in this group i'm.

So proud of the program itself it has been an amazing amazing 10 years and one of the reasons i can do. So many of the things that i can do is because of the people who've come to that group forcing me to get out of my comfort zones every single week every single month and creating things brand new on the spot in ways i've never thought about combining them. So for you i i highly suggest you give that a shot okay. Plus you get 10 years of archive video footage most of which has never seen the light of the day on on our youtube channels.

So by all means uh check it out and by the way those of you who are in the mastermind group type in i'm a mastermind member and your experience with it. So people can see you expect me to be biased you expect me to plug my stuff and say buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff don't believe anything i say talk to the people in the rooms talk to the people who've had the materials gone out in the world done the drills got the skills and made their lives different as a result of these materials because we've got more stuff for you in addition to this. So let's look. At what else we got for you this was just fast action bonus number one.

But if you were to buy try and get this on the website total value for everything we talked about. So far would be six thousand one hundred and seventy nine dollars um. But of course you can't buy some of this on the website we're also going to throw in an unreleased special we're gonna include in this package a brand new course that we just did three or four months ago this is face reading for fun and profit level two home study course this course is still in pre-production it has not even been finished editing yet it will be done this week it will be part of your program we have never promoted it we have never offered it um we haven't even launched it this is something that is brand new we just taught it the. Last couple months it is absolutely the best accelerator and amplifier to love the level one content that i have seen these and the people in this room were.

So on fire they were staying they assimilated the materials. So quick i had to actually add more stuff to keep them happy and and. So we've been actually way further in this level two face reading program than we ever even intended to people took. It and were able to do these powerful deep level readings on complete strangers with 90 plus percent accuracy.

So if you really really want to take the deep swim in the deep end of the pool this is a course that will absolutely pick up where face reading 1 left off and take you far beyond the people reading skills of any other trainers out there i don't take my word for it get the course tested and again if it doesn't if it doesn't do what i say is going to do refund it right. Try it for 90 days and test it all you got to do to grab that is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face and you will be instantly redirected to uh one of the few remaining courses left if the page is still there it means we have a couple of courses left. So total combined value if you took. Everything we talked about today plus this course will be 7 676.

But we're not stopping there because you see one of the things that you can take to the bank is that as good as our video stuff is as good as our online courses are live training always beats video training it always be it's always as good as the video courses are nothing is like getting the information live if you can do it in person i recommend that. But if you can do it virtually through a live interactive format that's the. Next best thing okay. And that's what we've got coming up for you for those of you for the.

Next 25 people the. Next 25 people only register before the end of this webinar today i got a super awesome deal for you today if you grab one of these face reading and personality transformation super home study course packages today i am going to give you our face reading for fun and profit virtual three-day certification boot camp live online now this is a two-for-one ticket. So what do i mean by that you have two options with this ticket the course is scheduled for april 9th through the 11th 2021 it's a 1950 value and it includes complete video copy of the entire training. So not only do you get to attend the video training live you also get absolutely free a video of the entire face reading course for your records you don't have to pay extra you don't have to wait for it to be released it will be instantly available uh in your members area on your in your members account for you within a day or if not sooner we're going to try and upload it like we'll upload the you shoot the video in the day we upload the video at night it's there waiting for you uh adrian says i'm in australia vegas is a little far from me that's okay.

This is an online boot camp this is not in las vegas this is completely online completely online okay. So you can do it from australia okay. If you were to add up the the price of the of the actual training plus the price of the video you're looking at three thousand four hundred and forty seven dollars we're going to give this to you absolutely free because like i said before we want you to be able to do this stuff we want you to be able to go out into the world and read faces and transform people's lives and unpack their crap unpack your crap and get rid of it and remove those lines and that emotional toxicity from your face we want you to understand yourself better to be able to connect with people more powerfully and this is how you do it in a live hands-on format you'll be reading people's faces and chat rooms will be breaking you up into groups there will be an online mentor in addition to myself making sure you get your reps in. So if you want to do that you're more than welcome to do that or if you like you can take this vip super ticket and you can use it for any single live event in our 2020 2021 calendar.

So you can take this online two-for-one deal right. Or if you want you can use it for an actual live event put your butt in the chair and and get it firsthand now let me explain a little bit about our live events are these vip tickets our regular vip tickets do not expire. So what that means is the one the minute you're issued that ticket you don't have to even pick a training you just have to have a your name in our database that says you have one of these vip super tickets training comes up you let stephanie know you want to come she puts your name on the list you move right. To the head of the line boom something comes up at the.

Last minute that you can't go you know code restrictions prohibit you from flying your boss is a uh death in the family um you gotta work whatever you just pick up the phone you call stephanie we'll move you to another training if this training is sold out. But you still want to go you pick up the phone you call stephanie say hey i have one of these super tickets she will move you into this we will find a seat for you in the training if it takes you four years to get to a live event you you have that ticket until you use it okay. So if you get the ticket in 2021 you can't get to a live event until 2023 pick up the phone call stuff you say hey i got this ticket i bought back this webinar in 2021 can i still use it you know what she'll say to you come on in if something happens at the. Last minute you can't go pick up the phone we'll move you to another training you can if you want to gift it to somebody and have them have the experience because you can't make it or you want them to experience it with you you can give them that you can give them that you can you can assign it to them right.

The other thing about the vip super tickets for live events is that the price of the event no. Longer matters it um it's good for any events uh seven days or less or five days or less i'm sorry um usually you can you can if you uh. So any any training that's five days or less regardless of the price point like for those of you in the uk those of you in uh in um the eu who um everything we do when i do we do our pricing everything is based on the local currency. So if we do a training in the uk we're going to do 1950 pound sterling if we do a training in amsterdam or cyprus which is european union it's going to be 1 950 at the door euros and you know the exchange rate is pretty significant.

But if you have one of our special vip tickets you just walk to the head of the line doesn't matter what the cost of the seminar is for certain video for certain programs there are prerequisites and in order for you to use that ticket we do ask that you have the prerequisites in place right. Um certain pro certain programs that we've done with other people certain restrictions apply reach out to stephanie and she'll kind of clarify those i don't want to i don't want to waste your time on on the details. But it's a really powerful program. So you have two options with this you can get that hybrid ticket which has the live event in april combined with the videos of that course.

So you have that for your archive and you have the live experience that goes with it or you can use it for any single uh five day event or less of equal price point uh in our 2020 2021 calendar we got some amazing cool stuff coming up right. And you have it until you use it does that sound like sound cool okay. So if you were to look. At i want a.

Second make sure i got okay. So if you look. At everything right. This will allow you to learn how to instantly read people's personalities understand how they think feel and behave measure their sexual romantic compatibility the current state of physical and emotional health you learn how to uncover and resolve forgotten traumas speed reader relationships parents and siblings know how they make decisions and much much more it's really powerful and it really drives home the information from the video course in fact i often tell people come to the live event and.

Then go back and review your video courses and you will see stuff you didn't see before you will notice things you didn't notice before okay. Total value if you were to go to the website and buy these things individually some of these things you can't face reading level two isn't even available on the website yet um this super ticket package for thirty four nights and you can't buy it on the website yet right. It's 11 total value is 11 123 dollars. So if we look.

At everything we talked about today we've got the sit the secrets of face reading home study corps invited 1497 the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course we're going to give that as a 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the vibrational healing energy healing and remote influence home study course 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the people for eating for fun and profit two day intensive 997 dollar value we're going to absolutely give that to you free as well and we're also going to throw in that lie to me if you dare how to catch liars uh instant home study crash course valued at 97 we're going to give that to you absolutely free for those of you who grab your package before the end of today's webinar we're also going to include the nlp power mastermind mentoring program practice practice group trial method uh 594 we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the face reading level 2 pre-release uh video package that cheat and and the manual that goes with the manual is awesome by the way i was really proud of that manual um 1497 value we're going to give it the absolute free just for being on this webinar and taking part and. Finally we're going to throw in that fast action bonus uh vip super ticket that lets you get into that live april 9th face reading training online or if you want you can use it for your choice of any single live event in our 2021 calendar it's a 1 950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free. But that's only available for the. Next 25 people who grab this webinar package okay.

This is a live online training there will be no. Um in the room version of this this is strictly for people who can't get to us and. So forth. But you can also get a video copy of that course and you know or if you want you can trade it for one live event seat that will completely blow your mind and take your skills to the.

Next level total value eleven thousand one hundred and twenty three dollars. But we're not going to charge you that we're not even gonna charge you half of that we're gonna charge you 6167 we're not even going to charge you a. Third of that or half of that we're not going to charge you 2 697 for those of you who really want to get started today for the lowest investment possible if you want the best deal humanly possible you can get this entire program and all the extra free bonuses for one low investment of just 9.97 one one long definitely just 9.97 you can even break that up into three installments of uh 39 399 each all you got to do is go to www.facereading forward slash face or you can use the link below. But the easier one is nlp power.com forward slash face oh here we go http all right.

You can go to that link stephanie is standing by you can reach her at 858-282-4663 and she's happy to answer any questions that you have um she loves talking to you please be mindful of her time if the line is busy keep calling um and also remember if the line is busy and you get voicemail be sure okay. Be sure to leave your name and contact information because if you don't call back are people having uh looks like are people having some trouble okay. So just to review really quick remember that this webinar special does expire tonight at 11 59 p.m um i know some of you like to wait till the. Last minute i really wouldn't the.

Last time we did this we sold out like lickety-split and we weren't even offering uh the previously unreleased course. So once again uh just to review we're going to give you the face reading for fun and profit home study course valued at 1497. uh we're going to give you the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course and the manual 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the people reading for fun and profit body language secrets home study course fight at 997 dollars absolutely free we're going to give you the vibrational healing remote influence and energy healing made easy home study course by 1497. we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're going to throw in that lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar home study crash course 97 again completely free for those of you who are the. Next 25 people to sign up before the end of this webinar when i turn off the webinar these fast action bonuses go away. So please don't sit on the fence all right.

I'm going to come back i'm going to teach you have a little bit of time to think about it before you go you know before you grab the package you can think about a little bit. But again this is one of the biggest uh value adds i've never done this on a webinar before no. I mean not on a face reading webinar i've done this with other things. But okay.

Uh. But it comes with the nlp three-month trial do you know people are mastermind mentoring program practice group if you're really serious about taking your course and taking your life to the. Next level this is the this is the stepping stone to greatness this is a stepping stone to getting the life you want the way you want it overcoming blocks to your success getting rid of limiting beliefs self sabotage and getting the real world influence skills and people reading skills that will get will get you where you want to be in the shortest amount of time possible um 594 value honestly it's way worth more than 594 dollars. But plus you get that 10-year video mastermind training archive tons and tons of information i will warn you that because every every month people were asking different questions it's not organized um each each video kind of stands by itself.

So you got to kind of cherry pick what you want. But there's tons of it hundreds and hundreds of hours of high level stuff that's no. One has ever seen okay. We're also going to throw in the face the fast action bonus number two face reading for fun and profit level two pre-release version it's a 1497 value it comes with a massive manual valued at 1497 we're going to give it to you absolutely free it's my way of saying thank you for putting your faith in our technologies for being willing to um you know just hang out with us and seth is of course being a troll and.

Next time he makes comment i don't like i'm gonna kick his ass out because i can uh and of course fast action bonus uh we're gonna give you that free vip super ticket for the for x this is 15. But it's actually 25. So the. First 25 people that that grab to hold this course are going to get that vip super ticket.

So you can attend our april 9th face reading for fun and profit level one certification or if you want you can use it for any single live event of your choice um bernardine is asking how to become a platinum member okay. One thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value total value if you were if you were able to buy all of this on the website today would be over one thousand eleven thousand one hundred dollars 123. But we're not going to charge you that all of it's yours today for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need to if you want to you can break that up into three easy payments of just 397 all you need to do to get yours now is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face or face reading all right. Face reading super package face is a good is a good redirect it's very simple nlp power.com forward slash face okay.

Let me just put that back in the chat for you guys and again in the chat down here if you want to take advantage of this course and you need a little extra um help or something like that give stephanie a call if it's within our she's the final arbiter of of what we can do for you we want you to get this uh we want you to be able to be successful with this material we want you to have it. But we have you know we have our rules and stephanie knows those rules in and out if there's any way for us to help you get a hold of this program that's a win-win for everybody we will do it we want you to be successful we want you to have these skills we want you to take them out into the world and make your life everything you ever desire to want it to be i want you to have that ability to understand yourself better to connect with more people to guard yourself against deception and manipulation to get that promotion make more money be charismatic be more attractive to find the right. Partners for you and avoid the ones that are going to drag your life through the mud all of that's possible with this particular course i highly highly encourage you to do whatever it takes to grab one of the few remaining packages okay. Total value is eleven thousand one hundred twenty three dollars an amazing content years for just one loan installment of 997 or you can just break it up into three easy payments of 397 each all you got to do uh will face reading level 2 ever be offered separately yes.

But probably not for months okay. We have a we have a launch schedule that's already probably five or six months out. So you're looking at close to a year before that probably sees the light of day. So again it's your call oh by the way one other thing i want to talk about for those of you who are getting the package if for some reason you purchase one of our courses in the past and you own one of these courses you can swap out any particular course that you want as long as the price is equally lesser value.

So let's say you already have identity by design. But you want to take advantage of this package well you could get real world trauma resolution you could get the nlp uh into the anti-integrative nlp hypnosis uh eight day certification video course if that's available you could get um a real world uh real world hypnosis cyprus you could get a real world trauma resolution anything that's 1497 of equal or lesser value you can swap out those particular courses if for some reason there's a course you want that's no. Longer in our catalog like speed attraction rapid attraction secrets unlimited lover or renegade romance which are attraction conte courses and you want those instead all you got to do is let stephanie know she will swap them out. So these courses are actually customizable it's just got to be of course of equal or greater equal lesser value than what's in this package.

So if you've already got some of this you don't want to duplicate just let stephanie know and she will happily help you swap out and customize your course uh can someone answer bernardini about the platinum group versus the online course okay. Um. So i need to get back to teaching and any other questions about this particular um program before we move on all right. So while you guys are doing that i'm gonna go ahead and give everybody a five minute bio break that allows you to kind of get your orders processed and and stuff like that when we come back when we come back we're going to pick up with the emotional map of the face and.

Then we're going to transition into specific questions about certain facial attributes maybe we'll talk about some ways to kind of clear stuff up that these facial markings show. So go ahead and go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face and go ahead and reserve your package it is 5 56 now. So let's come back let's try to be back by um 602 that's uh or 603 that gives us seven minutes to potty pee get something to drink get something to eat whatever and. Then we're going to come back and we're going to hit this face reading stuff hard and please type in any questions that you have because now is when we can really start to play a little bit okay.

So after you get your course and get squared away with stephanie go ahead and type your your specific face reading questions and applications in there and we'll continue to drill down on this material. So again i'll see you at 607. we'll talk to you soon. So to all my zoomers um i really apologize i i was reading some of your chats and you got some really really really good questions that um i never got to see. So i was i'm wondering if you could do me a favor for those of you who are on our zoom call let me just um let me change my camera angle a little bit here for those of you on our zoom call i don't know if the platform will keep your questions.

So what i'd like you to do if you have time go over to youtube and when this when when when the copy of this video goes live if you could go over to youtube and find the live the live stream for this uh it should be it should it should be available um in a few minutes after we after we terminate in the comments section below the um below the video please type your question you had some super super good questions in that chat that i was not able to answer uh because i couldn't read them until just now. So if i here's my promise to you if you go to the youtube channel and you type your question in the comment section below the video of this of this video training i will type i will do my best to type the answers in a reply to your comment okay. I'm not sure why we had uh issues in the zoom. But um i apologize for that there were some really really good questions and i really feel like there was some value there that um that a lot of the the people on the call missed out on because they didn't have a chance to to experience it um let me finish my okay.

So we're back and. So now we're going to do is we're going to pick up where we left off once again um if there's a you know if the links are still available when you check. Then there's probably a few slots left. But there's only 25 of those vip tickets available we are going to hit it hard this year in terms of live events in terms of the content that we're going to bring to you you know a lot of people are winding down we're just getting started.

So if you're ready to make 2021 your best year ever i'm committed to helping you get there and and i'll do whatever it takes to to help you move forward just like i'm doing my best to move forward let me see what some of these some interesting chats here in the comment section okay. All right. Cool all right. So let's see here um all right.

So you guys ready to play let's go back to our facial map. So what you see here now is we talked about a before or before our break we talked about the uh the the right. Hand side of the face from skepticism all the way down to grief and we included the lost love now these are all loss-oriented emotions okay. And you can see that there's there's different degrees here now i hate to speak ill of the vanquished.

But we recently had a change of regime in the white house you guys might have heard about that some of the classic behaviors of that particular individual are indicative if you look. At pictures of him in profile you will see lines extending from the outer canthus that not just go up like joy lines. But they continue up past the eyebrow when you see the joy lines moving up past the eyebrow you now have what the chinese call mania this is a hyperactive personality this is somebody who's up at three o'clock in the morning tweeting this is somebody who's prone to megalomania narcissism narcissistic behaviors um they can be hypersexual they can i mean think about all the different characteristics of somebody going through bipolar disorder or hyperactive adhd those kinds of things when you start to see and you really started to see it towards the end of his term we i knew it we knew it would come out we you know a bunch of my face readers and i uh and my personality profilers have been watching the the evolution the expression of this trait in this particular individual okay. And and it was interesting how that culminated right.

So when you see somebody with line joy lines that extend up past that eyebrow this is somebody who may they name they may not be showing it in the moment. But at some point their spasms their their mania switch is gonna get flipped and they're gonna they're gonna start doing erratic things they're gonna maybe they're bipolar maybe they're borderline this is something this is something that is very very prevalent in in this particular individual. But it's again he's just an example there are thousands of people you will see coming into your classroom or your treatment room or whatever that have these lines. But don't take my word for it go look.

At people who are diagnosed with these kinds of disorders and see how often it won't be every single time. But see how often these joy lines extend past the eyebrow right. Son is asking how do i access the courses everything is listed uh stephanie is going to you're going to have to create your account stephanie will uh give you access to that uh sonia. So just reach out to stephanie and she'll tell you what to do if you can't access it right.

Away okay. So once again um because because we just talked about joy right. I wanted to show you and by the way this this marking can be on either side of the head it does not have to be just on the right. Side of the public side.

However if it is more prevalent on one side um it will it will indicate in what context or set of contexts that trait tends to manifest more often okay. Some people when they're in when they have an audience become super right. Other people when they have an audience are very very self-contained. But the moment they get behind closed doors with people who are close to them they explode all over them right.

If they have it on both sides. Then chances are they're probably this way no. Matter what where they're at okay. Does that make sense uh adrian adrian's asking me to change the color of my markings i can change those yes.

All right. Okay. So. So we'll use red for joy and hyperactivity okay.

Very very fire oriented we've talked about lost wheels um can i use blue for this we'll use blue for loss right. Now. So i want to talk about a couple other lines that are really useful going down the line of the face if they have a line right. Here in the middle of the lip this is generally indicative of somebody has a pretty good sense of humor they can take a joke they often can tell a joke they they you know they're not going to be overly sensitive they're not going to be overly histrionic or flamboyant they usually have a pretty good sense of humor they like to laugh okay.

Um when you start to look. At horizontal lines directly below the lower lip what you're looking at is somebody who has accumulated a lot of bitterness now bitterness is part of what i call the terrible trio bitterness over nurturing and disappointment often manifest together. But they're not they're not short-term things in other words you won't feel disappointed and all of a sudden develop a line if you have a history of disappointment a history of over nurturing a history of bitterness that's when you'll start to develop these lines even in smokers you'll see these lines and people say well i got those lines because i'm smoking well why are you smoking it's usually because you're feeling bitter and not and nobody's taking care of you. But i want to talk about these three traits um specifically because i have seen that these three when um when they appear can often be signs of somebody who may wind up with some form of cancer or chronic long-term degenerative illness.

So let me explain you a little bit the etiology behind these lines. So bitterness is again uh manifests when you in your from your perspective you feel like you've played by the rules you've followed all the instructions you've done with what the what the law of the universe parents grandparents expected of you and you still didn't get rewarded for it if this happens over a particularly long period of time you'll become disappointed and. Then you'll eventually become very better all right. Now if people are constantly not living to your expectations people are constantly saying one thing and doing another and getting away with it you'll start to develop these disappointing lines which again um bitterness can come separately or they can come as a result of these particular uh experiences what often happens though is many people who have this bitterness line and these disappointment lines again what is happening in their life is at some point in their life they accepted rules and they followed those rules with the expectation of a reward or a um what's the word i'm looking for not redemption.

But reciprocity and it doesn't happen and actually what happens in this case is they see people breaking rules not living up to the social contracts and getting rewarded okay. This happens a lot and what's interesting about these people and there's some there's some traits we'll cover in face reading one and face reading two um that really exemplify this trait it's actually in the eyebrows a lot of times um. But these people accepted rules they followed those rules with the expectation that they would be rewarded for following the rules or that the people that in this case in the case of over nurturing um they they took. Care of people with the expectation that that nurturing would be returned that it would be reciprocated and it wasn't and this went on for a protracted period of time and that ongoing disappointment caused that person to get very jaded very cynical and very bitter when these three show up together you have a recipe for cancer now i'm not saying that if you have these three traits you're going to get cancer i am saying that the vast majority of people i've met who have cancer um have a good chunk of bitterness resentment disappointment and it's usually due to some form of over nurturing or um rules violations in their life okay.

Meg says yeah that's my mother she had breast cancer yep i want to see one of the ironic things about a lot of the people suffer from breast cancer is they're young they're healthy they're fit they're trim. But they're bitter they're angry and what happens a lot of times is the the body accumulates this emotional toxicity and at some point it reaches a threshold and the unconscious mind says there's no. Way out this is never going to change i have to figure out a way out and. So they manifest an illness designed to get them out one way or another.

So when you see these lines um be very very very gentle let me let me talk about this really quick when you see these lines be very very gentle about talking about them primarily because uh when you poke that bear they'll either deny it because they don't want to release that vulnerability or they'll explode they will just vent like a stream of vitriol will come out um and if you're not prepared for it you could you could think they're yelling at you when actually they're just yelling to you right. A lot of times when this when this is going to manifest as a cancer or some other form of deep degenerative pathological illness they have wrapped. So much shell around this that you've got to go in there with the hypnotic equivalent of bazookas and dynamite to to break that up. But if you can break it up if you can get them to let go of that resentment and that over nurturing and that bitterness.

Then they're going to have a good prognosis they'll usually be very they'll usually get healthier fashion you'll see significant changes in their face. So agnes says this is. So we see it in the clinic and only those who tackle their emotions as well fully recover perfect meg deny and explode yes. Uh meg yeah okay.

So uh questions about these the terrible trio here i'll give it a few minutes because yes. Kathleen says it's hard to be gentle with bitter people yes. It is and this is again again um you know chase is fascinated by the face reading that we do. But i'm fascinated by the stuff that chase does.

But one of the things that that chase talks about is that when you have these skills under your belt and you look. At people you no. Longer see them as a problem you see them for the suffering human beings that they are and and that allows you hopefully to be more compassionate because you understand where they're coming from you don't stop you stop viewing people as a problem you start you start viewing people as a person in pain and that allows you to be to be different it also presupposes you're working on your own right. If you have a highly reactive streak in you uh and people in your life have kind of loaded yeah jealousy can be in there very much um and people have look.

Have you you you've been around people who have this level of bitterness and they just take it out on everyone around them um you can become very very reactant to that and. So you have to again you have to keep clearing your own stuff because as you clear your own stuff out you can accept you can see these people from what they truly are and you can come from that place of understanding that when they vent it's not you you're just a placeholder for somebody else that hurt them in a way that they can't they can't balance they don't know how to let go of they don't know how to get past and and that's that's power right. Because it it it lets you realize you don't have to defend yourself because it's not about you right. And if they make it about you that's a different story we have techniques and tools for that.

But knowing where they're coming from gives you tremendous psychological leverage and it gives you the ability to maintain and control your frame much more readily in that interaction okay. Okay. So again as face readers we some i should you know i'm hesitant to say this. But as a face reader you have.

So much power to inflict joy and freedom or pain and suffering on anyone you encounter now my hope is that you would use this you know on the side of the angels. But when you can look. At somebody's face and know how much appeasement or disappointment or bitterness they've suffered. Then all you got to do is say a few words and you can unlock the gates of you know the floodgates to a poison storm that will leave them a huddled mass right.

Now again i don't advocate doing that. But it's stupid to tell you that it's not a possibility right. That's why we talk about this like the cpi model with the seven to the six stage universal persuasion protocol control your state get rapport use your language manage their state right. Jump into their process emotionally bond to their criterion values it's why at level four manage state management you can only manage other people's states no.

Matter what your intentions are you cannot control how somebody's going to interpret what you say. So it's not necessarily what you say. But the response you get from it that determines how you pivot how you adapt and how you modify and that's what being a face reader is really all about if you're going to do this beyond just profiling people for behavioral reasons if you want to help them set them free from limiting beliefs and overcome barriers to transformation things of that nature you have to develop that you have to work on yourself. But you have to see them from that the lens of compassion right.

Bitterness is like repressed resentment absolutely absolutely isn't all negative emotion some form of unforgiveness no. I wouldn't go that way certainly forgiveness is is uh can be and in many in many systems it's it's considered a panacea. But i don't think that forgiveness is our unforgiveness is uh a component of every other uh negative emotion right. Um i think resentment probably would be though or a feeling of being out of control would be.

But i don't know about him i can't say that's that i think that's true about unforgiveness um. But certainly forgiveness kid is a very powerful transformational agent. But getting to forgiveness is a challenge sometimes kind of the google definition of episode sorry for using those words um okay. So let's go back to our facial map.

But go ahead and keep typing your questions in and i'll come back to them as much as i can is this useful. So far are you guys getting getting good value from this i hope type yes. In the chat please product placement i only have one vice besides lying or say a few words like steph didn't have a stoic person bubbling the ball yeah very easy it's very easy to trigger people to have these massive emotional releases just by pointing out a facial feature okay. Very very powerful cool all right.

So one another trick that i want you to pay particular attention to is is that the chin um am i showing the right. Thing hold on a. Second for some reason the green the green line that shows up to let me know what i'm sharing isn't showing up as often i wonder zoom is having a bunch of glitches today. But um if we look.

At the chin now when we look. At a person's chin the chin is related to the water element of the body which is connected to the kidneys is connected to the bladder it's also connected to the emotion of fear and. So when we see someone we look. At somebody's chin and we see either lines which by the way i do not see fear manifesting on the chin the way it's depicted here in this particular picture uh there are these lines that denote denote fear i have not seen that manifestation on the chin what i have seen in people manifesting fear on the chin looks more like dimples in other words it's like little dots like little holes have you ever seen somebody like pout and you see that um that's kind of what i see in terms of fear on the chin.

So when you look. At someone you see a lot of dimpling there without them having to do any extra facial motions you're looking at somebody who's probably repressed and held on to a lot of fear okay. Because what we're looking at right. Now is in what the chinese call emotional toxicity frozen pathogenic energies that are manifesting on the face as we go through our alchemical processes we clear our heart energies we release these toxified emotions these things will go away the only thing i can't predict is how deeply and how fast.

But they do go away i've seen really weird happen um and a lot of my students have as well is the chin cleft associated with fear no. Chin clefts are actually more associated and what i mean by a chin cleft is usually either a line or sometimes a little divot here. But usually it's a cleft in the chin it's almost like a vertical a vertical dimple in the bone uh and this is almost always a desire and need for attention you see this a lot in performers and actors okay. So if you like uh guys uh like look.

At john kerry or jim carrey uh john travolta jay leno. You'll see a very big chin along with a very big jaw in many cases. But they'll also have that little the little divot in the center that's usually a need for attention it can again it can actually be a blockage uh to their energy. But it's it manifests as a need for external validation external attention okay.

Let's see here. So we've covered skepticism joy sadness sorrow grief humor bitterness fear lost love i want to talk about we talked about over nurturing we talked about disappointment i want to talk about another line that manifests from the center line of the body outward and it's called here disempowerment and i've said this on other webinars and i'll say this again i don't like this label because i don't think it really it really um personifies or describes this characteristic disempowerment manifests as a series of diagonal wrinkles usually extending down the bridge of the nose from the inner canthus outward. So sometimes it'll look. Like this sometimes it might look.

Like this. But they're they're they're very very obvious uh they're and if they're especially obvious when people are not contorting their face this is someone who's gone through a long history of what i call appeasement now let me explain what i mean by this this particular trait which is in in lillian's book. Is disempowerment in my world it's appeasement it goes very very strongly with the markings up here which we're going to talk about this is called a suspended needle or suspended sword. So let's talk about these two markings because they have something in common that i think are um important.

So the. First one i want to talk about is going to be the appeasement line okay. So let me just go back to my screen. So in in in both cases with suspended needle and suspended sword and these appeasement lines what you have going on with this person is somebody in their life usually an authority figure could be that father could be the mother um could be a significant other doesn't matter uh with with the with the uh with the line up here it's almost always a male figure or someone who represents young masculine energy.

But these represent someone who was very dominant very aggressive violated this person's boundaries and when that person violated the subject's boundaries this person got angry this person got defensive and said no. You can't do that i'm not going to let you do that and when they push back against that aggressor in some way it's emotional aggression or physical aggression or whatever this person was stronger more aggressive more determined than them and they they retaliated back and what happened is when when the aggressor when they retaliated against the person who violated their boundaries that pushback was. So intense. So overwhelming that instead of fighting back harder the person lapsed into appeasing and saying okay.

What do i have to do to make this up to you what do i have to do to make things right. Again what do i have to do to stop the argument right. And. So this person lapses into appeasing or supplicative behavior anytime this person shows any kind of displeasure they immediately go on the the uh proactively trying to make the person feel better make the person feel expected loved this is again something you see in a lot of abusive relationships right.

Especially if somebody doesn't have very strong ego boundaries. But the behavior once again is somebody violated a boundary they tried to push they tried the the victim tried to defend they got overwhelmed with the force they lapsed into supplication and appeasement to try they just wanted to make the fight stop they just wanted to make it go away. So they did whatever this person wanted them to do for it to stop and they've been doing that ever since. So people with this kind of marking i think my personal theory is that many times uh sociopaths narcissists other forms of social predators will look.

For this marking because they know that this person has weak boundaries right. And and. So they'll do other kinds of tests to verify that. But if you see this this is someone who has again they said they tried to stand up for themselves they got overwhelmed they just sucked it up and took.

It right. So these vertical lines here and i've seen people come in with line appeasement lines that look. Like somebody took. An x-acto razor knife and just etched lines down the side of the bridge of their nose really really intense right.

Um and you can help people with that right. If you've got them you've probably gone through a period of your life of appeasing the bully or or what have you it's probably a good idea to start dissolving that toxicity and building up your ego boundaries and things of that nature that's why we gave you uh secrets of personality transformation identity by design in your yes. Hi this is my loved one again now go go fly be free right. Um.

So that's why we get in the package that we offered that's why we gave you identity by design because when you see these markings and you figure out what they mean you're going to want to get rid of them and if you don't have somebody hand you skilled in these techniques the only one that's going to be able to do it is you and. So we gave you these techniques and these tools. So you can go right. After uh these lines and these markings on your face unpack them yourself and help other people who have them right.

There was a lot of thought that we put into this package to make sure you get the biggest bang for your buck it's not enough to just be able to diagnose this stuff not enough to be able to know what it means you got to be able to do something about it right. And sometimes that's a simple reframe sometimes it's venting the emotional charge sometimes it's it's going back and just fixing the at the source and giving back the resources sometimes it's it's taking on traits and qualities and attributes of people who have an abundance of that trait that you need right. This is why we this is why we put this package together the way we did. But these lines gotta go one way or another they gotta go okay.

So whether you do it with me you do it yourself through the package you reach out to one of my uh trained associates they gotta go you gotta get rid of it it's gonna hold you back okay. Now another set of markings right. Up here right. Um and i'm gonna go back to my powerpoint this in this particular case we are also dealing with a valve with boundary violations this is called suspended needle or suspended sword okay.

Uh and when we're talking about suspended needle or suspended sword what we're talking about is a single line in the center of the forehead okay. Now the difference between this marking and this marking let me go ahead and move this away is that in this case the person who was doing the addressing was the father figure or the dominant masculine energy in the relationship this area is almost always a result of alienation between the young figure and the family and the child or the sibling or the or what have you either way okay. This can be towards a parent a parent can have this towards a sibling or towards their child and a child can have this towards their parent and the way this manifests is that in this scenario what happened was um the aggressor whoever that is violated the boundaries of the subject and the subject marshaled all of their anger all of their energy all their resources and struck back and when they struck back they got punished severely that expression okay. Now on the surface it sounds the same as appeasement.

But it's different because in this case the penalty for expressing that anger and by the way it can also be towards an authority like an organization what happens in this case is the person got punished for that expression they decided that they were never going to let themselves exert and express that much power ever again. So they literally put a block on their personal power they put a block on their liver and wood energy that allows them uh to move forward and at some point now i've seen ones that are barely there and i've seen ones that you they qualify as a suspended bazooka they're. So thick and they're. So deep you can put your finger in it when you see these lines on people what you're seeing is somebody who has.

So much energy. So much personal power trapped inside of them that they will not let out and they're afraid of doing it because they're afraid they're going to hurt somebody they're afraid they're gonna get punished and penalized for doing it okay. They're not worried about appeasing all right. They're not they're not holding back and saying okay.

Okay. You win they're saying this is as far as i will go and i'm not going any further right. Now early in life it's not a big as big a deal. But as you move into your twenties your.

Third your late twenties your thirties or forties this block will start to manifest as an inability to move forward into with success in your life. So this is a block that you these two blocks right. Here right. They need to go you know i i you know everybody's face is beautiful everybody's face is is awesome.

But it tells us you got if you got a line here there is some power in you that you have not let out yet that will transform your life if you can just let it go and be willing to express it sean says is this different than shame yes. But it can be related to shame shame is also tends to manifest in this area as well. But it tends to manifest as more fleshy uh a fleshier uh. Third eye area as opposed to a divot or or a depression good question good question.

But yeah shane can manifest in this area well unfortunately as as positive as we try to spin these things there's a there's a diagnostic aspect to this that we need to think about okay. Uh adrian's asking how does this marketing differ to age or are they one and the same they're the same i don't care if you're 10 years old or or 96 years old that line means the same thing okay. And i've seen this line manifest on teenagers okay. Two lines is usually an indication of impatience or temper.

So when you have two lines here uh i have them really good you're looking at somebody who has a very uh quick temper or they're impatient a lot of times i am usually impatient um and especially when like there's a lot of web stuff done that i'm not qualified to do and i have to wait on my team to do it oh it drives me crazy because i used to be the ultimate do-it-yourselfer right. Let's see here um agnes is saying ad allegra will. Anyway that's not to me. So do we understand the differences now between suspended needle and appeasement can someone just take a moment in your own words type into the chat the difference between a suspended needle or suspended sword and appeasement.

So that i know that you've got this okay. So they're asking about three lines if a person has three lines manifesting in the forehead. So it looks like this now right. What you're dealing with now is somebody who's learned how to manage their impatience they've learned how to manage their anger.

So they've gone through this long dark night of the soul they've gone through enough life experiences that they've learned how to keep their temper under control and not explode or lose control of themselves in most contexts okay. Roy prasad is asking what is a strong line that goes across or below the eyebrow um i'd have to see the line roy i don't i don't know what you're talking about tara says suspended needle has power they refuse to use appeasement just trying to ingratiate good enough good enough eric's talking about are you talking about the chinese yi jing not directly eric no. I mean the yi jing does play a role in some of the more uh basa related or fortune telling or divinatory related aspects of face reading. But by and large that's not what we're talking about right.

Now this particular stuff is focused mostly on practical personality and temperament profiling kathleen says suspended needle and sword means they have been punished by for emotional expression they are oppressing power because they're afraid of hurting or being punished okay. Appeasement is trying to satisfy others yes. Okay. You know when i think of people with these these disempowerment lines uh how many of you actually remember the old television show all in the family you guys remember edith edith bunker edith was the classic appeasement um maven that was that was her approach she just did everything to make archie feel good or to make archie not mad or whatever um i don't even think people could i don't think that show would be think it would get it would be it would be a victim of the canceled culture in like two and a half seconds because it just made fun of every single stereotype um that we have people just can't take a joke anymore which is really sad.

But maybe if they put a line in their lip they'll be better um for the for i did ask that question and i did answer it okay. Thank you tara for stepping up okay. And by the way i apologize for the delay like i said i'm i'm streaming from the zoom platform and. So i can see your chats in real time and i could answer you in the chat.

But when i answer you verbally it's going to take a few seconds to get there usually up to a minute sometimes okay. So let's go back now and look. At some really cool lines that i think are worth looking at one of those lines a lot of ladies want to get rid of. But it's a line that extends from the border of the the nostril and coming down this direction and these are called following or purpose lines and while even though a lot of us want to get rid of these lines these are actually some really good lines to have these are lines that generally indicate that something that we're doing we're.

So we're doing something in our life that is in harmony with our golden path now uh most the chinese would say if you don't have these by the time you're 50 you're going you're running west looking for a sunrise you're doing a lot of things you shouldn't be doing um if you get on your golden path early in life you may develop these at a young age they're not bad lines the chinese think that these things these are very very good lines to have it means you're doing the things that fulfill you personally or publicly and they're part of your mandate from heaven or your ming or your golden path as the chinese like to say right. Ivy thunder says what a woman archie showed emotionally yes. He dearly dearly loved that woman right. I remember those episodes i was a kid when they when they were on the air.

But that was one of the longest running shows and it was really is really indicative that we didn't take ourselves you know we were spoofing ourselves as as a culture even. Then and i think that's important to understand that we got to stop taking ourselves. So seriously it's the kiss of death and it's it's why we get situations like we've had in the white house um. Anyway.

So this is a really really good line um if you come to gold uh denise i can say did you say if you have the lines around the eyes. That go up and the hairline that they're narcissistic no. What i said was that these are indicative of people who have a tendency to be manic and some of the behaviors that go along with mania manic be uh a manic syndrome are narcissistic behavior sociopathic behaviors over sexuality um they tend to be very megalomaniacal they tend to have a greater sense of self. So that that can come across as being extremely narcissistic.

But no. This this particular trait is a sign of manic tendencies okay. But you can again many times mania leads to what a a grandiose sense of self which can mimic narcissist or npd is it the same thing no. Because this might only this on this might only manifest during these episodes whereas npd is pretty much there all the time okay.

Um kathleen says i get my best ideas when i'm manic yes. Manic episodes are our spurs of highly creative um uh energy i mean people just don't sleep they don't for days because that and that create that sexual energy can be manifested through the lower drives or can be manifested through the upper centers and come out in artwork in prose in in songwriting pretty much any form of artistic expression um is is fueled by manic states okay. And it's and it's not it's not surprising that. So many artists have these kinds of tendencies right.

But when you see this i mean remember part of our job is to to dodge bullets right. So we see this we should flag should be going up it doesn't mean they're necessarily bad people it's just they can't help themselves sometimes and and you don't need people in your life that have a lesser degree of self-control unless you have no. Choice um roy prasada is asking what is the line on the upper nose that goes across i'm assuming he's talking about right. Here when you have lines that go across this area this area is related primarily to the spleen and pancreas and.

So what it usually indicates is blood sugar irregularities this can also sometimes lead to overthinking worry. But it's mostly a a uh it's mostly dietary related. So usually this people's this person's not eating well right. Or they're eating foods that aren't in harmony with their biochemistry okay.

And let's see here. So we only got a few more traits on the emotional map. So we're going to talk about um auditory intuition we're going to talk about uh blood pressure regularities pain um real quick and. Then we're going to go ahead we're going to review our the package that we've got for you guys and we're going to come back finish the emotional map and.

Then we'll talk about um some other things that you guys want to talk about does that sound like a plan if you think that's cool go ahead and type that in the chat for me robin uh robin torrey's asking in the chat almost like iridology what's interesting about iridology robin just real quick is that if you take um the homunculus of the face taught in face reading which looks a lot like this and you superimpose it on the eye it completely matches up with the iridology eye points this is the perfect example of the holographic nature of the nervous system and it and it translates literally right. To the eye. So for those of you who are into iridology there's this little homunculus when we go to treat the face and we do facial acupuncture we can superimpose the body this way by the way the genitals are right. Here uh the spine is here right.

So if you see markings here divots in here chances are they have a misaligned vertebrae or stuff going on in the spine. But if you take this big picture and superimpose it on the iron on the eye itself it's a perfect one-to-one match okay. Just putting that out there love i love seeing these correlations between uh relatively distinct and discreet systems and how they how they work together boyfriend is studying neurology cool excellent all right. So let's look.

At a really cool line here this one i've got in abundance now this line i'm going to show you my face i don't know if you'll be able to see it with um with the lighting and everything. But if you look. At my face i don't i don't know if you can see it i have these little wrinkles right. In front of my ears now these lines are known as auditory intuition and this this is a these lines manifest as a result of early childhood trauma and let me explain this it's not it may not be one thing you see people who manifest these lines grew up in an environment where they had to be extremely careful about what they said and to who they set it to right.

So these people learn very very early how to listen for the way a person closed the car door or the tone in their voice or the speed at which they talked and and re listen between the lines to get a snapshot of what emotional state is this person in what what landmines do i need to avoid right. And. So they grew up in this this very very auditorily challenging environment and they learned how to parse language and tonality and tempo very very precisely very very accurately. So these people are excellent these people grow up to become excellent detectors right.

They can get they can zero in on exactly what a person really means like like like nobody's business. But and. So in the long run it starts off as a traumatic the result of a traumatic event uh being in a traumatic environment. But.

Later on um a lot of people take this this acquired form of hyper auditory hypervigilance which is really what it is and they turn out they're able to use it in law enforcement and counseling and teaching in any place where they have to really listen to what people are saying and. So it becomes a beautiful um gift because they can really help people right. So you know just like a lotus a lotus is one of the most beautiful powerful plants that exists. But it starts buried in the mud under feet of mud at the base of a river and it grows up through all this schmucks.

So eventually it breaks the surface and it it breaks the surface and all of a sudden it's sharing its beauty with the world auditory hyper vigilance is a lot like it there's a lot like a lot of these traits that we develop that are our challenges early in life give us the seeds and the building blocks of something wonderful. So when you're on your golden path and you you go back over those negative life experiences um nothing is wasted right. Those things gave you the ability to access or develop an attribute that will now serve you. Later on in life right.

Regardless of how superfluous or not necessary you think some of this was it was right. But meg saying i'm also i'm also always dehydrated yes. Because this is on what they call the triple warmer meridian and the triple warmer meridian goes to each level of the body it also regulates water metabolism. So many times people with this this marking will often have water metabolism issues which will often tend towards dehydration and one of the things that goes hand in hand with that tends to be a loss of electrolytes now this is something i've discovered from my personal experience i always had these chronic anxiety attacks and i always thought what's going on and one day i just started taking electrolytes because my wife was a marathon runner and my anxiety went away and i realized that a lot of the heart palpitations the tachycardia that i was experiencing were because of a lack of magnesium a lack of potassium and when i started hydrating properly with electrolytes a lot of that chronic anxiety and those panic attack type symptoms went away.

So if you have these lines and you have a tendency to have panic attacks or random anxiety attacks there's a chance that it's because of dehydration combined with electrolyte imbalance because one of the things that happens when people are constantly dehydrated is they're constantly drinking. But they're not replenishing the electrolytes. So they flush whatever electrolytes they have out of the body. So i recommend that if you do have this tendency that you supplement electrolytes with your water at least once or twice a day to maintain your electrolyte levels okay.

Does that does that help and again nothing i say should be construed as medical advice check with your doctor. But it doesn't cost much to buy some electrolyte tablets drink some water and see wait 20 minutes and see what happens to your your stress level your anxiety level i use um my wife has these capsules which are for marathon runners that she she likes to make me use. But i also use the nun and n-u-u-n dissolving tablets um i they work really well they have a little bit more sugar in them. But still good average american says i don't think i'd want to be your child because i'd be impossible to get away with anything you haven't met my children my children have the best and worst of both me and my wife when my the little one you just suck him in here when she looks at you you know she's reading the messages in your soul very very talented little girl.

So i have she'll either save the world or destroy it um. But you'll never see it coming either way. So very very proud of her. But also she terrifies me uh let's see here let's see um let me see there any other questions from our zoomers real quick nope i'm seeing lots of grant says i've done this course it's awesome cynthia says this is awesome well cynthia if you can't swing it in one payment you can break it up into three just reach out to stephanie while we're on that note maybe i should just uh remind people what we've got on the plate for today um let's go look.

At this again. So for those of you who've joined us late for those of you who want to take your face reading standing further with me i invite you to take advantage of our webinar special which expires tonight at 11 59 pm it's our face reading for fun and profit personal transformation home study course it's a 1497 value comes with some super awesome bonuses you're going to get the identity by design real world hypnosis and hypnotherapy home study course and the manual valued at 1497. you're going to get that absolutely free we're going to throw in the people reading for fun and profit body language secrets revealed course valued at 997 we're going to give that to you free we're going to throw in vibrational healing remote influence and energy healing made easy awesome course more advanced for you guys who are into energetics and hermetics and magic and things of that nature i'll show you some really cool ways to integrate everything it's a 1497 value we're going to give that to you free we're also going to include the lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar mini crash course valued at 97 and it's awesome uh for those of you who join for the. Next 25 people that join before the end of this webinar we're going to throw in these following fast action bonuses a we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group it's a 594 value we're going to give you three months unlimited access and 24 hours seven day week access for the full three months to 10 years of archive video from every mastermind session that we've done you'll be allowed to participate in live through your chat or through your through your zoom channel or in person at our live hands-on mastermind mentoring session on the. Third saturday of every month you get to try it out for three months if you like it stay if you don't you had a great experience tell people about it and and build on the skills you got you won't get a certificate from it.

But you will get a skill set that will serve you wherever you go and for those of you who absolutely love the live experience or as close to live experience as you can get we are giving the. Next 25 people in uh to grab this uh before the end of the webinar a free vip super ticket this super ticket can be used for our virtual training our virtual face reading level one training coming up april 9th through the 11th it also comes with a complete um video copy of that training. So not only will you get to uh participate through your zoom chat through your zoom platform live you'll also have a video of that particular course to keep for your very own at no. Additional charge it's a 3 47 value if you don't want to attend if you if you want to wait for an actual live event and come in person you can use that vip ticket towards any single live event seminar that we're doing in our 2020 2021 calendar uh some restrictions do apply um uh you can reach out to stephanie for the specifics on those it's a 1 950 value um if you're if you were uh to try and buy all of this stuff individually on the website today um you you wouldn't be able to do it because one of the final bonuses that we're offering is the face reading level two pre-release home study course this is a live event we did less than two months ago live in las vegas it was uh it was a powerful it picks up where face reading level one left off and we went deep dive into all the other aspects of the face all the attributes of the face and um the speed reading profile training was unfriggin believable people were profiling complete strangers with 90 plus 90 to 95 percent accuracy in little as 96 at 90 seconds uh they were slow three minutes right.

Uh great class i had a ball i had to actually they this this crew was. So smart they they did it. So fast they went through three days of material in two days i had to come up with new stuff on day three that wasn't even in the original course. So i had to make up i didn't make it up.

But i had a i had to bring things that i was putting in my master level classes and my level three classes and teach it as part of level two. So if you want a deep dive into everything face that's that's immediately applicable this is an awesome awesome course it is not available on the nlp power website it will not be available for at least three to six months minimum because we already have several launches in in the offing this is a pre-release version um as soon as it's back from the editor it will be available for immediate viewing uh in your in your nlp power members area um. So again total value for everything if you were to buy it on the website would be 11 123. But you're not going to pay 11 123 we're going to give you every single thing we talked about for one low installment on easy payment of just 997 or if you're like cynthia you can break that up into three easy installments of 397 and all you've got to do to get it is go to www one.

Second http colon backslash i'm going to give you an easier url dot www.nlp forward slash face or you can use the url here nlp power dot com forward slash face dash reading dash super dash package they'll take you to the same page and you want to get one of those. Last few remaining of course if you have any questions um if you have any of the courses listed here you can swap it out with something of equal or lesser value all you gotta do is pick up the phone let stephanie know and she will happily help you customize your package for you okay. Bernardini's asking me what other techniques i would suggest i don't know what he's asking me for meg says i've had heart palpitations my whole life. So thankful for you you're very welcome i tell you what um i found that that magnesium and potassium as well as a whole electrolyte supplement goes a long way in minimizing that stuff you got to watch your sleep and your water too.

But one of the problems is as we try to as we try to keep hydrated we don't realize that we go to the bathroom every time we do we flush out the electrolytes that we have right. Agnes maria says bernardi i recommend you look. At vibrational influence content on david's website okay. Thank you for that all right.

Let's go back okay. If you need to talk to stephanie her number is 858-282-4663 that's eight five eight two eight two four six six three um you can also email her stephanie at an nlp calm stephanie. So here's the contact information i recommend you talk to her as soon as possible this thing fills up quick um. But and brandon's also there to.

Anyway uh anytime um. So brandon is also back there helping us to be uh you know kind of get your your products handled and. So forth. So by all means um go ahead and reach out if brandon uh just don't know where to find you and.

So forth like that. So on a. Second i'm having trouble moving my stuff around is vibrational influence the same as vibrational healing not exactly robin it's um it's it has a similar curriculum. But um it's its emphasis is different its emphasis is different the vibrational healing course is an emphasis on energetic healing techniques both remote and um and in person.

So there's hands-on hands-off as well as remote and you get to test that stuff okay. Let's see here all right. So going back to uh going back to our face. So this is a really really good line to have now if you don't have it doesn't mean you can't understand you don't you don't you know you don't get people it just means you didn't have as challenging a childhood as some people did right.

Um i was also bullied a lot as a kid. So i got a double whammy on this stuff another line you want to be very very pay very close attention to are diagonal lines that start at the outer canthus. But move towards the bridge of the nose these are pain lines now i don't interestingly i don't see these as often as you might think i see these when people are in physical pain. But if you see somebody who comes into your shop and these lines are there and they're not in any obvious physical pain this person is sucking down a lifetime of high of of deeply held emotional hurt and that's usually going to manifest here here or here okay.

Can also be here right. So i believe that this is probably the the most basic of pain. But. Then you have it refracted it can come out as sadness or loss it can come out as disempowerment it can come out as bitterness it can come out as over nurturing right.

Uh interesting like i said before for whatever reason i know what it means and i and i've seen it i've seen it mostly in terms of physical pain. But if somebody doesn't in any obvious physical pain and you see this you can almost bet dollars to donuts that they have been sitting on a lifetime of hurt that is just bubbling below the surface and. So i would be very very careful about how you poke that bear okay. But understand when you see these diagonal lines there's some hurt there all right.

So be gentle and be compassionate um we've talked about let me go back up here we've talked about temper being two lines we talked about one line being suspended sword a line that goes diagonally up the forehead is usually what we consider to be a transformation line now transformation line indicates that at some point in this person's life they went through what is commonly referred to as a dark knight of the soul okay. And they came out the other side of it they came out the other side of it with a different view of themself and their place in the world. So that you know when we deal with these um these long dark knights of the soul it's not necessary for you to do much other than survive it because the the the the heavy times are transformational in and of themselves when you see people who have these diagonal lines just kind of sprout up these are people who've gone through some kind of real deep level spiritual trans-personal awakening right. And it's changed them at an identity level or higher if you see people have lots of them these are probably people who are uh on very uh very intensely devoted to a spiritual path or have had spiritual awakenings sometimes it can be due to having those the hard life as well.

But they may have those lines tend to manifest as very deep ruts as opposed to these fine lines that go up. So there's another variant on this called buddha wings and buddha wings look. Exactly like that they tend to manifest like like little wing shapes right. And they'll emanate from up and around the.

Third eye or the seat of the stamp area as they call it in face reading. So you see a lot of high-level buddhist monks a lot of dallas monks they'll have these buddha lines when they're involved in their spiritual practices they'll tend to manifest a little bit more and cool all right. So that's once again the emotional map of the face let me look. At some of our questions here okay.

Uh cynthia holly is asking can you tell diabetes and the levels it takes from the face yes. It'll usually be in the spleen or pancreas area um there'll usually be some some form of discoloration uh usually be some some some very pronounced lines or um dry dry track skin areas um for example one of the things that we look. For are called jing deficiency lines and. So a gin deficiency line looks a little bit like a dried riverbed if you've ever seen um a dried riverbed they have these little cross lines everywhere hold on a.

Second am i sharing my screen i don't think i am. So you know if you've ever seen the dried up riverbed when you see these jing deficiencies here these crisscross lines and everything like that that's what jing deficiency looks like when something is dried out like at the bottom of riverbed you've seen somebody who's used their intrinsic energy the raw materials of their body over much and. So sometimes that can manifest at various places like if it manifests here. Then we what we might say this person has long yin or lung jing deficiency if it's here it might be kidney right.

Uh if it's in here it might be spleen or pancreas right. So and here especially you might see a lot of little lines here um and these are usually little blockages or dietary issues. But if they're crossed and they've got little hash marks that's usually an overuse of the spleener pancreas that's destraining the jing or the inherent energy or material substance of that area. So you'll see some discoloration either a red color or a white color sometimes it'll be stagnant if it.

But usually if there's hypo function i believe the color that usually goes here is going to be on more on the whitish side if there's inflammation in the pancreas or the spleen it tends to be a little bit redder um if it's more like stagnation you might see purple or yellowish here. But either way it'll manifest in this area see what else we got here um bernardini asked if you have done enough color breathing exercises can you just imagine the color and breathe it to go into a certain state yes. If you've if you've stacked it enough you've created what nlp likes to call a vibrational anchor and just having the intention making the association and the color will cause the state to come back. But you have to do it a lot robin's asking how to solve the wrinkle line on the tip of the nose it's on someone dear to my heart.

So robin when you say where does the line show up does it show up does it show up here or does it show up here to say position one this is position one this is position two just type where it shows up dimples are usually a form of fire energy they usually have they usually imply a little bit more charm and charisma a little bit more playfulness and a tendency to be a little bit more creative uh. So dimples are a good thing usually people with dimples they kind of have a charmed life a little bit like they get themselves into. But they can almost talk to them can almost always talk their way out of it that usually lasts uh based on my top my talk that's or what i was told it usually lasts around the 50s and all of a sudden uh they're not quite. So uh.

So lovable um for whatever reason. So you got to be careful after 50 with dimples uh position two position two is an indication and it's interesting that you say heart because this is actually a heart related area okay. The nose itself the tip of the nose specifically is related to the heart. So the tip itself relates to the heart organ the area behind the tip here relates to an aspect of the heart known as the pericardium now in chinese medicine there are four fire meridians in the body all of which are heart related in some aspect.

But um and they're fire meridians. But the name for the pericardium brain is also known as the heart governor or heart protector and the pericardium biologically is a membrane that surrounds the heart and it's designed from a from a biomedical standard it's designed to keep the heart beating and keep it regular from a acupuncture oriented medical perspective the pericardium acts like a guardian it acts kind of like well you guys know what a dream catcher is type in the type in the chat if you know what a dream catcher is and what it does and the reason i ask because a dream catcher and metaphysically speaking is a little device that you hang above your bed and as bad dreams come in it's designed to catch the bad dreams. So they don't they don't infect you the pericardium from a chinese medical perspective from a psychoemotional perspective is like the dream catcher of the heart when a when an emotional pain or emotional trauma passes through the system the pericardium's job is to catch it and contain it before it can reach the delicate heart organ itself and damage the heart. So when people have a line there what you're literally seeing is the manifestation of a broken heart and of course the way that you the way that you deal with that is by unpacking and releasing that hurt and that trauma right.

So again you need techniques for that you need to get them to talk about it you need to get them to uh reframe it event the emotional charge and extract the lessons. So that they can let that hurt go if you can get them to forgiveness. So much the better. But that's usually an indication of a pericardium emotional hurt right.

Excuse me for just a. Second sorry about that the kids are sneaking in here and i and they're distracting me. So i just had to kind of put the kibosh on that. Anyway.

So um did you guys catch my explanation of the pericardium and why it's important when you got a line here i'm betting there was at least one significant heartbreak that that person um suffered and that's what's mark if it's more than one guarantee that that's what that line is for okay. What else you got i like to call the pericard in the dreamcatcher of the heart. But it's really it's really a heartbreak catcher right. Let me see what else well you guys are typing in the chat i'll see what other things showing up here um got 65 questions in here is it sarah's asking is it possible to overcome things alone it is possible it's just not easy.

But if uh the course if you do the course work uh in identity by design uh you'll have a good a good shot at doing some of that stuff on your own um how to start getting rid of this again reach out to one of my associates or grab the identity by design package that's we're offering today sonyago is asking what influence does scarring have from acnes or from injuries scarring and regardless of what is from always act as a block or a break to energy and depending on where they are they will manifest as something you're going to have to overcome at that particular time of your life depending on what it is and where it manifests it could also indicate something is wrong with the connected organ system or the meridian system. But you have to look. At each one on a case-by-case basis. But as a rule scars um pimples dimple not dimples.

But um moles um are usually in most cases some form of block or an inhibitor or harbinger of a traumatic event to come that you're going to have to get through or survive or overcome there are there are some good moles. So don't get me wrong um. But a lot of them are are not. So girl has had bad dreams lately in the catchers m.i.a well we work on that what about a 30 year old that has zero lines and she is bipolar does that mean anything usually extreme dissociation um and i'm betting if we i'm betting if we look.

At her face we'll find someone we just may not find a lot. But chances are if the face isn't marking there's a high degree of dissociation. So they're repressing a lot and if you break that dissociation you may see floodgates opening okay. Richard says great thank you richard let's see uh richard ghazi asked how do we heal ourselves if we have the trio is that covered in the courses yes.

100 gordon ramsay chin what happens when they have it removed cosmetically um your willpower usually takes a hit and you tend to become a little bit more fearful uh chin is a very powerful indicator of your will to succeed uh and your will to stand up to adversity and your ability to deal with fear. So if you start to modify this and make it smaller those attributes are going to tend to get smaller as well um modar dharmo says what is the best book. For hypnosis for a newbie um i would start with hypnotherapy by dave ellman it's a classic in the field and it's some a lot of things you can do with that uh bernie bernardini says i have a big one on the left side of my left leg is that something specific i don't know how to read legs. But i would say it's probably got got some ramifications to it somewhere richard says i can see mine coming in grant mural asks do you think predators know this by instinct i think i think part of them does i think a lot of them i think a lot of the things that we learned from chase's group and that we do from this face reading i think our predators pick up subconsciously i really do i don't think they're aware of what they know i think there's a part of them that is very very attuned to that level of information and.

So they use it as a way to zero in on their victims right. For those of you who want to grab these packages once again they're going quick uh nlpower.com forward slash face is the easiest way to do it see here grant says uh suspended sword is withheld power they've okay. Good we've been there covered that robin says i have two lines in front of my ears i hadn't noticed before bingo richard says drink gatorade every day got it i don't know i i like gatorade. But the sugar content worries me a little bit.

So i would be very careful with that did i talk about blood no. I did not thank you. So much for pointing that out there is one more trait on the facial map that we haven't talked about and it's one that i think is we really need to look. At and uh it's called blood pressure irregularities and that can be seen on the ear usually by little wrinkles in the earlobe itself now when you have these lines it does not mean you have high blood pressure although you might it doesn't mean you have low blood pressure although you might it means you have irregular spikes and depressions in your blood pressure okay.

So i get this all the time i i oscillate between uh having low blood pressure uh versus having uh blood pressure. So high i get nosebleeds right. Um. So this is again um if you have this marking you definitely want to watch your diet you definitely want to watch your cardiovascular health you want to make sure you have a good diet full of antioxidants um regulating your blood pressure or foods that are heart healthy are going to be a good thing it doesn't mean you're going to get heart you're not going to it doesn't mean you're going to have a heart attack it doesn't mean you're going to get high blood pressure it just means you tend to be prone to um erratic spikes it also tends to mean these people tend to be a little bit more um they tend to be a little bit more overreactive for lack of a better word and what i mean by that is let's say you're walking down the hall and somebody jumps out at you and the the normal fear level that you would experience from somebody jumping out of you is a seven somebody with these kind of markings it might jump up to a nine or a ten right.

It may actually traumatize them as opposed to just give them a startle right. People with these kind of markings tend to have an exaggerated startle response or or an exaggerated emotional response to anything that takes them by surprise a sudden loss uh someone disagreeing with them in a chat room posting a bad comment about them on a youtube channel um they you know it may be worth a three on the anxiety scale and it'll spike them up to a seven or eight right. So again in addition to the irregular blood pressure that is often characterized with this there tends to be an emotional hyper reset reactiveness to it uh let's see here denise is asking what about the line top of the bridge of the nose going horizontally from the mark i don't understand the question of these you're going to have to ask me a different question or we should take the question okay. These lines of listening also in front of ears would appear on sports people that's not a question okay.

Uh this gal is on heavy meds and she is one i was asking about okay. With violence okay. Can the transformation line be negative the experience could be negative. But the revelations that come from it tend to be positive um i'd have to ask my teacher if that if that's possible i don't i don't see that as being a negative thing though how to remove wrinkle lines in and on the forehead what do they mean they usually indicate uh challenges in your in your in your life at that age life lessons that you've learned when the lines go all the way across it means you've completed the lesson if they only go partially across it means that that lesson is still in process if a line is going across your forehead that that is representative of an age you haven't reached yet it means something's waiting for you at that age okay.

It's not going to tell you what it is just that you better be ready because something's going to come your way at age 20 or 30 or 20 30 40 whatever right. So be prepared. So there very much is in some aspects of chinese medicine an almost precognitive or divinatory aspect i don't emphasize those things um in these classes because i want to focus on things that we can just go out and immediately and test. But i have seen very very consistently that markings on the face do indicate when events happened in people's lives and many times they they they're indicative of before something happened otherwise they had the mark before they had the experience and when you go and you backtrack that period of their time the mark and the event correspond.

So it's very it's again this is where practical application meets wu in a very cool way right. But again you don't need to worry about that aspect of it to be able to personal profile people's personalities understand traits qualities and characteristics and extrapolate from them. But that information is there it is very well fleshed out and defined and it is available for people who want to go deeper once you get past the basic level stuff okay. Bernardini says i got my nose broken in a fight two years ago could it be related to the scoliosis that i have now yes.

When were you diagnosed with scoliosis before after the nose break just type in the chat before after because i'd be curious because sometimes these are predictive and sometimes they're they're subsequent to an issue right. Uh catherine kathleen is asking how does piercing the ears and face affect these lines uh sometimes they can be positive and sometimes they can be negative pierced in the ear a lot of a lot of sailors used to pierce their ear to improve their eyesight some people who are bipolar put a stud through their tongue through the heart area and their bipolar went away some people had sections of of their jaw removed for plastic surgery and lost their ability to play professional foot or a you know high level football puncturing or altering the bony anatomy of the face or surrounding areas will affect your attributes both in terms of personality and temperament as well as your physiological capacities i just can't predict in what direction. But think of it this way if you build something up it's probably going to get stronger if you pair something down it's probably going to get weaker now i gave an example earlier somebody with a very close brow line and their money funnel is kind of narrow. But if you tweeze it or poke some of these out and widen this up it lets more energy in energy and money are the same thing and.

So you may tend to find yourself becoming more successful in your business life as a byproduct of that okay. So again there are in fact there is in fact a feedback loop between the emotions and the features and the attributes that they express right. We're still exploring that and studying and seeing how how consistent it is. But the things i'm sharing with you every time we test them they come out true okay.

So barnardini i asked bernardini he says um i got my nose broke in a fight two years ago could it be related to the scoliosis that i have now i'm going to assume he didn't have back pain prior to that he says after he was diagnosed with it after he broke his nose right. I don't you know again coincidence maybe i see an awful lot of coincidences though right. Equity says do i have a religious preference yes. I prefer no.

Religion i prefer to be spiritual uh i study many of them by the way um because i'm always interested in the mysteries underlying the doctrines and when you peel back the layers you find they're all mostly the same. So um see here francisco says i have a scar in between my eyebrows from a fight is it anything specific um when did you get the scar and what happened in your life between 28 and 30. you have any significant life events at 28 and 30. what about botox avoid it not going to make me popular with estheticians in the room. But uh there is there is no. Good stuff that happens as from injecting botox into your face okay.

All the scientists the research is there okay. Uh robin asked dr schneider how about a little asymmetric cheekbones or jaw again asymmetry on the cheekbones or the jaw indicates that that strip that trait and the energy for that trait is stronger on that side of the face that's what it means. So if you have a big jaw you'll tend to be very very um like if you have a weaker jawline on the left side than you do on the on the right. Side you'll tend to be a little bit more wishy-washy in your private life than you are in your public life you'll tend to stand your ground less in your private life than you're probably if your chin is bigger or your cheekbone is bigger on one side than the other you'll tend to be a little bit more bossy in one aspect of your life than another.

So asymmetry just tells you where the majority of the energy is okay. Okay. What to do about a sinus block um neti pot watch your diet see an acupuncturist get herbs 30 right. Now uh.

So francisco have you gone through any recently have you gone through any accidents any traumatic job changes any changes in relationships anything relatively significant in the in the past 12 months 18 months besides being locked into your house right. Okay. Um any kind of scarring doesn't matter what the scar well it doesn't matter what caused the scar um scars will be a block to energy okay. So great question.

So far you guys are really i'm really enjoying this. So laney webber's asking what happens if your lines across the forehead meet exactly to the transformation line uh i don't know of anything significant about that the lines are not connected to each other in any way i'm usually more interested in where the line starts than where it ends. So that's the best answer i can give you right. Now lainey is height predictable from the face i don't know um none of the trainings i've had have led me to believe that that's something you can see on the face.

But it doesn't mean it doesn't exist i'm still studying i'm still working i'm still learning and if i find something i will be one of the. First to report it okay. So omni is asking jose miguel says you're my hero uh let's see here we're gonna um let me see ivy thunder said i how about divots in the lower jaw in the middle i'd have to see it cynthia um if you can send me a picture or something. Later on i'll look.

At it francisco had a child at 30. was it a child you wanted or was it something that just kind of happened by accident francisco okay. Denise atkins could you reveal a quick technique where each part of the face relates to the body well if you just take again really quick if you just take you know what let me do it this way well let me clarify the question denise um do you want like in terms of organ correlations or do you want something like arms legs lungs or you know what i don't i don't know which part of which correlation you want me to talk about because there's several right. The. First one the easiest one let me let me find a better picture here okay.

This is better the. First one the. First way to look. At this is if you impose a homunculus like.

So right. This is this is one way to do it another way let me see if i can find a picture in my in my uh in my folder real quick i may not be able to find it. So i'll just have to talk about it this isn't this isn't the one i wanted. But it's good enough another way you can look.

At the face is this way oops right. So you can see here um i can't see if i can annotate this. So once again you have a head arm leg right. So this is again i would recommend you take a screenshot of this because this is going to be you know will take way too long to explain all of these things.

But this is how we can diagnose all of your internal organs and your energy systems as well as your personality your temperament your um and again in advance courses we'll be going through this diagnostic aspect too for those of you who are healthcare providers or in the alternative and wellness professions and want to learn chinese or energetic diagnosis this is another level to face reading that we're going to happily share with you and teach you. But it's more niche. But extremely extremely accurate. So um hope you'll hope that works for you okay.

I'm uh it's coming up on 7 30. So i'm gonna i'm going to answer i'm going to take five more questions and. Then um. Then we're going to go ahead and log off.

But just to remind you guys when i log off um hold on a. Second when i log off the the super bonus tickets and everything they go bye-bye right. So just to remind you once again this webinar special expires at 11 59 p.m. So you can get pretty much everything except the fast action bonuses uh it'll still be available for a limited time until 11 59 pm.

But you're gonna get the face reading for fun and profit level one home study course along with our personal transformation product identity by design homes hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1497. uh we're going to give that to you free we're going to get the bonus people reading for fun and profit body language secrets for 997 we're going to give that to you free you can get the bonus vibrational healing remote influence and energy healing made easy home study course for 1497. we're going to give that to you free as well and you're also going to get the lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar home study mini course valued at 97 really really useful of course i'm really happy with that course i'm probably going to redo it in the near future because it was such a popular course and people really really really got a lot of benefit out of that. So it's worth updating and doing again uh for those of you who sign up before i log off on the webinar we're also going to include in your bonus package uh the face the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group it's a 594 value comes with a free 90-day access to 10 years of archived mastermind video uh we're going to throw in our face reading level 2 uh home study course this is a course that has never been released it's just completed it's in pre-production now our post-production now we're going to be adding that right. To your membership group as soon as it's available and it won't be available anytime in the near future uh you're going at least three to six months before we even start thinking about promoting that course like we're always ahead uh it's 1497 value it picks up really face reading level one leaves off gives you really powerful personality profiling skills understanding risk-taking behaviors uh how to tell the histrionic people and the psychos from the not. So psycho people um 1497 value and.

Finally we're going to throw in that that free vip ticket that lets you attend our virtual face reading class and get a free copy of the video course to add to your library or you can trade that ticket in for an actual seat in any one of our live events in our 2021 calendar or 2022 calendar um as long as you have the prereqs you can come in doesn't even matter if it's sold out doesn't matter what the price is you can just come in certain restrictions to apply and stephanie will fill you in on those when you reach out to her it's a 1950 value total value for this package if you could actually buy it on the website which you can't is eleven thousand one hundred and twenty three dollars it's available for today only for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need a little extra help we can break that up for you into three easy installments of just three hundred ninety seven dollars all you gotta do to get yours is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face and if you just type nlp power.com forward slash face into your browser you'll go right. To the page if you want the full url you can type in nlpower.com forward slash face dash reading dash super dash package and it'll take you to the exact same page. So go ahead and get your. Last get one of the.

Last few remaining packages and um i'm going to come back i'm going to take five questions and. Then we're going to call it a night and i will see you guys on the. Next ama or in facebook. Oh one other thing uh how many of you by a show of hands are members of clubhouse if you're a member of clubhouse or you've heard of clubhouse um please type that in the chat for me in addition to okay.

Um if you are a member of clubhouse um i would i have a request that you like and follow me on clubhouse we're gonna start doing more and more uh personal transformation uh rooms in there where i'm literally going to bring you up and we're going to do we're going to a transformation hot seat on you and let everybody in the in the area experience what it's like to be on the receiving end of some of these personal transformations i've decided to kind of transplant my meetup program that i did oh. So many years ago that was. So popular to the clubhouse app and. So we're going to get together and we're going to absolutely rock clubhouse we're going to show people how rapid fast deep level transformation is done it's going to be completely free and if you have invites please share them if you're on facebook.

Or if you're on in clubhouse please have people ping us and share with us and let's build that that clubhouse community i'm working right. Now on actually uh streaming our clubhouse audio to our youtube live. So we have both going at the same time. So if you can't get on the clubhouse because you didn't get an invite you'll still be able to participate in the content i'm still working out the technical glitches on that.

But. So far things look. Pretty promising. So um before you before you joined clubhouse or pygmy on clubhouse make sure you get your face reading package.

So you're locked in and we'll go from there okay. All right. Uh remember again if that number is http colon backslash www um sorry colin www.ml forward slash face and let me close this window out really quick chat lots of q a here i love the questions i'm getting all right. I'm going to do i'm going to do three from the zoom people and i'm going to do three from youtube.

So let me answer my zoomers. First and. Then i'll circle back around and um yeah. So kathleen parker's asking how do you remove the block from scarring how would tattooing over the infected i wouldn't tattoo over it.

But i would see about getting some plastic surgery to remove the scar you might also try unpacking the emotional equivalent connected to the scar and see how that mitigates the scarring okay. Most of the time these scars have an emotional correlate to it that if you minimize it can actually cause that to fade to not even being an issue anymore um laney weber says can you show some of your personal lines. So we can better understand what to look. For i'm having trouble trying to figure out like indents that appear as a line or what the lines actually look.

Like i literally have a very defined transformation line and. Then the three in the middle of the eyebrows. But i can't see anymore well i'll see what i can do here i don't know how close i get um you can see my impatience lines here i have very uh very indented temples which indicates a desire for altered states i do a lot of meditation a lot of spiritual work um on my face you i don't know if you can see the uh because of the lighting i don't think you can see the wrinkles here and i have i also have the auditory inhibition intuition lines here those are some some of the most prevalent lines that i have um i have i have some very hooded uh eyelids which usually indicates that i'm uh earlier in my life i i experienced a lot of criticism a lot of judgment that i and i now i judge myself a lot um we're all works in progress right. So these are all things that um you can see hopefully right.

Um i do i my eyebrows are actually a little bit lighter than what you see i darken them. So that peop that people can can see my my eyebrows and stuff like that uh and you're never gonna go wrong darkening your eyebrows by the way especially if you have very sparse or very fair eyebrows eyebrows are one of the most powerful traits we have on the planet right. Okay. Let's see here uh hold on i've got a big piece there um i think that was was that three questions no.

It was two richard guys he says i emailed stephanie can you stall a bit. So i can get the bonuses well i'll see what i can do um julie's saying can i do grey room before i leave if i do great won't be here for another half hour 45 minutes right. But if people want if people want to start doing ship clearing sessions when we got clubhouse up and running uh i am more than happy to do in fact that's in the. Last two clubhouses i did i was actually just fixing people's stuff and we did modified gray rooms um.

So if you guys can get you know if you guys can kind of follow me on on uh on clubhouse or twitter or whatever like and share this page we'll do more of that stuff i love doing that stuff i miss doing it you know um the way things are evolving with covet and social media and things of that nature um sometimes we don't get to visit the old build favorites uh um coleman says how do i get the three payment option from the website um you may have to actually reach out directly to stephanie at 858-282-4663 i did not there might be a payment option on that website on that form. But if you reach out to stephanie directly she'll set you up on a payment plan elaine is asking what is clubhouse i want to join okay. Then he says thank you you're literally awesome well thank you. So much where can you find grey room laney go to nlp power or not nano.

Power uh go to the youtube channel type in uh grey room and you should get at least three or four versions of the graveyard come up. But the technique itself is taught in identity by design like seth is saying all right. Let's look. At some of our uh our youtube questions and see what we can do here uh abdul's sparse eyebrows usually indicate a weaker liver weaker gallbladder people with very sparse eyebrows tend to not have as much energy for others they tend to be very strong do-it-yourselfers they don't like to ask for help.

But they they kind of hint that they want help. But get upset when people don't offer um they tend to avoid confrontation because they don't like to get angry whereas people very thick very full eyebrows anger energizes them and motivates them and they they they love the the contest. So to speak people with sparse eyebrows don't do that um yeah sonny if you're not a member that's okay. You can join one of our facebook.

Groups or you can join me on twitter i do a lot of stuff i do a lot of lives here um in our platinum program. So again i get that not everybody is on uh clubhouse. But i just wanted to put that out there um two more things. So bernadette is asking can you finish what do scars in the forehead mean scars always indicate a potential block or potential obstacle that you're going to have to overcome.

So if the if the scar happens after that particular time of your life it will usually affect the energy meridian uh in terms of health or personality or temperament if if the scar is uh in um is marked before chronologically the time like let's say like this area is uh 15 to 30 right. Let's say you're 25 and you get a scar here which is 28 to 30 right. But you haven't reached that yet the energy of that scar is going to cause something some event or some situation to manifest in your life at or around that age now if you know that that can happen whatever personal transformation you work you do regarding that scar that causes it to fade will lessen and weaken the impact of that experience or that encounter in your life that's how scars work scars are always a block or an obstacle to the flow of energy. Therefore they are analogous to a block or flow of the energy in your life externally or internally okay.

Okay. Ethereal eviction is asking promiscuous people indicators this is where you're getting into um well you have to look. At multiple um multiple traits. But.

First place to look. Is the mouth people who have very flaccid lips whose lips don't completely close i hate to use this if you've never heard the term the dick lick or snicker or the pucker right. And you see a lot of porn stars with this look. Right.

They affect this look. A lot of people with with these very loose lips that their lips don't their mouth doesn't completely close they tend to have a tendency towards promiscuity or being overly sexual they tend to have very weak boundaries that predatory people can take advantage of men who have a very pronounced and and flaccid lower lip tend to be uh tend to be a little bit more aggressive uh in their pursuit of sexual favors and they don't really care to they don't really too conscious of people's boundaries. So the lips very very strong indicator of sexual proclivities the eyebrows if the eyebrow hairs are very uh they they think they kind of stand up you see someone who has very high self-esteem high self-esteem people tend not to be promiscuous low self-esteem people who are seeking validation is almost always indicated by uh eyebrow hairs that descend and. So if you see low eyebrow hairs flaccid lips you're looking at somebody who has low self-esteem they're looking for validation um they're they're sending off signals that say they're easy prey to uh for sexual advances and.

So these people tend to become targets now does that equate to promiscuity it can um are there other things that can indicate promiscuity most likely yes. Um and we cover those in another training that is more on the divinity there's a an aspect of fake treating called the uh the nine palaces i think it's the nine or twelve palaces or something like that and one of them is your marriage house and there's some stuff that can be indicative of infidelity in those. But those are more divinatory and they're not directly relevant. But when we look.

At facial characteristics we want to look. At the lips because the lips equate almost directly to hedonistic pleasure seeking behaviors and and. So lack of flacidity lack of boundaries lack of morals or lack of a lack of tightness or a tone. So more flaccidity looser boundaries okay.

So i hope that helps okay. Well yeah okay. Uh what if you have. Last one what if you have a unibrow okay.

Well people who have a unibrow tend to have a very strong athletic side to them they tend to be very resistant to authority they don't deal with authority very well they like to be heroes they like to be um they like to be the savior the knight in shining armor. But they often do not like to be uh they don't like to be team players many times unless they're leading the team and. So um. So these people tend to do better in situations where they're working more autonomously they're the head of their own company uh they tend to be more athletically oriented they didn't like those kinds of activities much more.

But be very careful with you know trying to tell these people what to do if you give them the opportunity to save you they will work 10 times harder than if you try to pay them. So very very powerful very strong wood trait right. So again a lot of drive a lot of creativity a lot of desire to achieve things okay. All right.

Okay. There's a question about a ring finger i don't do fingers. So i can't really speak to that. So jt says you have scars and you're basically screwed for life energetically no.

Not at all because depending on what you do about the scars will will exacerbate or mitigate the energetic imbalance okay. Scars are just a great way to let you know that there's something coming you need to deal with right. Uh western beer uh is there a way to tell how cooperative someone is from the church yes. I just talked about one of them eyebrows all right.

Cool all right. Well listen uh i want to thank you all for hanging out for staying and and playing and listening to uh let's talk about all things face reading i really really really encourage you to grab one of those remaining packages and and come out and and participate and get a deep dive into these skill sets right. Uh this webinar special expires uh tonight at 11 59 pm this concludes the face reading for fun and profit home study course the bonus identity by design hypno. Hypnotherapy home study package and the manual 1497 value we're going to throw in people reading for fun and profit body language secrets revealed for 9.97 bonus vibrational healing uh remote influence and energy healing made easy uh 1497 value we're going to give it to absolutely free bonus fly to me if you dare how to catch a liar a mini crash course 97 value we're going to give it to absolutely free and of course for those of you who take instant action right.

Now. First 25 people to grab the hold this package uh you're going to get the nlp power the three month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program combined with the uh the 10-year archive video 594 value uh you're gonna get face reading level two pre-release version this has never been released it's only ever been taught once uh it is a drill down on some most powerful personality profiling techniques on the planet it will help you get what you want from this life it will help you transform it will help you understand yourself better connect with others and be the most fascinating person in the room and you'll be able to predict people's behaviors with a ridiculous level of accuracy that'll surprise you all right. It's a 1497 value and of course to top it all off you get that free super vip ticket you get your choice you can come to one of our live events and get a copy of the video or you can come to one of our um in-person events and absolutely come to the head of the line even if we're sold out anywhere in the world and enjoy personalized training with me okay. It's total value of 11 123.

But if you could buy it on the website which you can't uh it's all yours today for one loan one loan installment of just 997 or if you want if you need help you can break that up into um three easy installments of 397. So the easiest way to do this is to go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face or you can type the entire long url seen here um into your browser you'll go to the same page david until you 24. thank you guys um. So uh if you have any questions you call stephanie 858-282-4663 that's 858-282-4663 or you can email stephanie dot com that's stephanie nlpower.com well i hope you guys had fun um it's been a long one i hope you come away from this with some powerful techniques and powerful insights that you can use that you take these skills out into the world and you use them to make your life everything you want it to be please like and share point your friends at us uh pass it around if you are in clubhouse please uh like follow uh join us for events i'm gonna try i'll do i'll be doing them randomly. So just keep an eye on it if i can if i can send an email blast out to to you guys to let you know about anything we're doing on clubhouse i'll i'll do my best to do that thank you.

So much to stephanie thank you. So much to brandon for hanging out in the background and making sure everybody's taken care of um i really appreciate the tremendous work that they do and and how well they take care of our people and you i love you all thank you all for coming in the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night god.
