Title: PZxuPthKTcg.txt
Video Id: PZxuPthKTcg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZxuPthKTcg

Hello hello hello welcome to secrets of face reading how to read anyone instantly this is your host danny delightful and somewhat delirious david sir david of schneider or dr david as i'm often called how's everybody doing today go ahead and type where you're checking in from and whether you're a. First timer or not in uh in planet david and we'll go ahead and get started susan miller says about damn time could you hear us arguing back and forth on the chat saying all kinds of nasty things about you guys texas back again for me says tim fox excellent excellent excellent. So x oh people are filling in right. So today's class is on the art and science and there is both to this uh face reading and how to use the the techniques of chinese face reading along with some of the more advanced techniques of neuroscience and body language reading kinesics and things of that nature to uh to profile people to really kind of get an insight into how people think and feel and behave the the scope of chinese medicine it spans over 25 hundred years of chinese observational science some people think of chinese medicine as more of an art than a science.

But there's a very different approach everything is done through observation and the establishment of pattern recognition. So before we jump into today's stuff there's a few administrative things that um that i want to get out of the way. First and foremost like i like i started with if this is your. First time go ahead and type.

First timer in the chat and know this the bookshelf behind me is a virtual bookshelf although that is a picture of my real bookshelf in case you were wondering i actually missed my bookshelf when i moved my studio from downstairs to upstairs uh because the studio downstairs has no. Air conditioning and. So in 100 degree heat that's not the best place to be doing a webinar. So i took.

A snapshot of my my bookcase downstairs and i use it as a virtual backdrop. So i feel more at home that way a couple of administrative things if this is your. First time a uh if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best uh the best use of your time my intention is never to offend anyone. But just kind of have fun not take ourselves.

So seriously to kind of poke fun at the overly sensitive politically correct masses uh and. So if those kinds of things are not your cup of tea you might want to consider maybe moving on to someone who's a little bit more pc jacobel says boobies okay. Um. Anyway um.

So that's. First and foremost uh if this were a live event which it is live. But we're not in the same room together i would say this means i know the answer this means i don't this means oh i hope he doesn't call on me. Next right.

So um this means yes. This means no. There will be a test we're going to talk a little bit about the different aspects of face reading from a chinese medical perspective we're going to talk and compare and contrast about how that how it relates to the more modern approaches to understanding facial expressions facial features things of that nature for those of you who this is not your. First time in planet david go ahead and type that in the chat and for those of you who are here for a.

First time there's a very big reason that uh i asked for these things hey i'm i love feedback i love interactiveness uh. But one of the things i'm going to tell you i'm going to talk to you about things we've got coming up offers that we put together to help you learn this stuff faster from the the the privacy of your own home. But also um where you get the biggest bang for your buck which is basically in our live events and. So if for some reason as i'm going through the the chat webinar and and things like that uh you ask a question and i don't get to it those of you who've had some experience of veterans and planet david go ahead and type in if you're a veteran uh in the chat and uh please feel free to jump in and and answer those questions and and uh if i see them i'll get to them as fast as i can uh if not.

Then i will i will rely on my my veterans and my platinum club members to uh to answer those questions for you. So a couple of things if you were budgeting 90 minutes for a webinar this is not i don't do regular standard webinars yes. There is an offer we'll be showing you how to take these skills to the. Next level if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn in chinese face reading and how it applies to life we have time for this.

So my job in the time that we have is to take you as far as i can in the 30 60 90 minutes three hours whatever it is that we're going to be on and point you in the direction of where to go for more. So if you stay on till the end of the webinar i will share with you some very powerful very important things. But my webinars are not standard in other words uh usually what happens is when you you log on to a webinar a person spends 20 you know 20 minutes of fluff and. Then they talk about a few things that tease you and.

Then they give you an offer and. Then they answer your questions that is not how my webinars tend to work although i do understand that a lot of people are trained in that idea. So here's how things are going to work today from the time i finish my intro which is uh basically who am i and why am i here i'm going to circle into the most immediately applicable and useful aspects of face reading that you can take out into the world right. Away and start putting to work i'm going to do that for about an hour-ish i'm going to tell you about i'm going to i'm going to segue into the the programs we put together the packages that we put together for you and i'm going to point you in the direction of how to get the best deal possible once that's done i'm going to circle back and i'm going to continue to teach and i'm going to continue to teach for another 30 60 90 minutes depending on what the questions are that you have and where we go in the information does that is that is that fair is it is it okay.

To do it that way for you if it's okay. Just go ahead and type that in the chat for me cool all right. So um one of the things that i i really like about our particular approach to webinars is that even though i come in with a preset idea of what i want to talk about um a lot of what i want to talk about centers around what you want to learn about most and. So every webinar even though we tend to cover the same categories or the same areas of information they tend to be more customized to the vibe of the attendees in the class.

So um that being said uh for the benefit of uh the people who haven't seen me before um and i'm gonna ask real quick do you guys prefer um if i show a powerpoint or do you guys just like looking at me like this which is which is which is more fun for you i'm not a big powerpoint guy. But i'm happy to share my there are certain points where i'll skip to powerpoints um all right. So let's talk about um this guy david snyder who the hell is david snyder and why should he care. First of all this is the right.

Place for you if you are looking for a way to rapidly and quickly understand how people think and feel and behave if you're a therapist or a counselor or a coach and you're looking for ways to rapidly uncover people's hidden stuff whether that's repressed emotion hidden traumas um how they feel about or relate to authority things of that reference or that that that that nature this is a good place for you if you'd like to understand how to use those techniques and those technologies to understand how people think and feel and behave and influence them better. Then this is a good place for you if you're interested in using these things for romantic applications in other words maybe you want to find somebody who's sexually romantically compatible for you. Then this is something that you're going to want to pay attention to um and and. So for those of you who aren't familiar with my work uh who is dr david snyder and why should i care.

First and foremost i'd like you to know that i'm a i'm an actual doctor of acupuncture and chinese medicine i graduated from pacific college of royal medicine in 2019 i've been an act a practicing acupuncturist since 2005. i just finished my doctorate program my focus has been on treating various forms of physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion that's what i've been doing from a medical perspective. So in my practice i deal with the full spectrum of psycho-emotional or psychosomatic illness everything from chronic anxiety post-traumatic stress all the way up to terminal cancer parkinson's disease multiple sclerosis and the full spectrum. So we have a huge huge well of understanding into the the dynamics of how how we think and how we feel and how we behave um relates to the topic of today um we also for those of you who didn't know um i'm also this year i was one of the number one nlp trainer uh in the world by globalgurus.org and i've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from how to heal people through conversation hypnosis how to be more successful in romance in your dating and romantic life how to close more sales influence judges and juries child jury selection every form of human influence that's what i do i'm a student of human influence um for three years prior to this i was voted the number two nlp trainer in the world. Next to richard bandler this year uh because of wonderful folks like you uh we now move to the number one slot and it's one of the reasons is because that we've always looking for ways to help you learn this and understand these things better interestingly uh globalgurus.org i didn't know they were going to do this.

But global globalgurus.org sent me an email a few months back letting me know that uh my course i'll read this to you dr david uh it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp nlp for those who don't know stands for neuro-linguistic programming uh we've attached a logo for you to add to your program and. So if you go to their page you'll see right. There is the you know the courses that we were competing with i didn't even know i was inventored in this um and and face reading and co-reading are actually a big part of the nlp killer influence programs that we do. So i'm also a grandmaster 10 degree black belt in ruku kempo karate i have a 4-3 black belt in shaolin kuntao.

Second degree black belt in kosho kempo uh. First degree in fong kuru and of course i'm a certified instructor in combat systema cinco manuscrima and and i've been running a clinic in solana beach where i've been focusing on treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion since 2005. So one might ask what do all these things have in common what does this have to do with face reading well it comes down to one word and that word is pattern recognition when we start looking at human beings and especially when we talk about looking at the features and the attributes of the face everything that we do and everything that where nlp and martial arts and chinese medicine all come together is in this idea of patterns patterns that repeat at different levels of thought different levels of behavior different levels of belief um and. So when we learn to see the world and understand it through these recurring patterns the universe can open its its uh its secrets up to us and we can begin to use those patterns and predict how we if we insert one variable at a certain piece in the uh in the process we can influence and redirect people.

But we can also predict what a person is most likely to do or how they're most likely to receive the messages that that we're sending based on the architecture of their face which has it's in its as it's genetic predispositions as well as lifestyle ramifications um. So yeah. So if you're interested in in becoming super attractive to the opposite sex or making them find you charming and fascinating and irresistible face reading is one of the fast tracks to that be very very careful when people discover that you understand how to read faces they will be simultaneously fascinated and terrified of you at the same time people will literally line up around the corner for you to tell them about their favorite subject themselves that being said when you start to tell people you start to unpack certain features be a little bit more careful and compassionate and mindful about the way you describe some of these traits people when you start talking about their stuff become very very suggestible they become very very sensitive because you're literally as my colleague chase use like say you're peeling back in many cases those social and and personal masks that they create that they want to show the world and you can make someone feel very very uh uplifted or you can just trash them by understanding how these traits um work and and how to express them. So again be very very mindful of that when you're doing this if you're looking to banish fear and insecurity from your life maybe radiate more confidence and assertiveness and power this is again face reading is one of those skill sets and it's a skill it's a skill that anyone can learn that will allow you to understand people.

So you know who you need to be to be able to control that situation if you're looking to make more money on your job book. More clients in your business or get a raise or promotion face reading can give you a dramatic edge in understanding your clients in other words knowing what to do and what to say them or what not to say to them in many cases that allows them to feel more comfortable with you if you're looking to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people once again face reading is one of those ways that you can really just get an instant snapshot into what people are thinking or feeling okay. Um if you'd like to know about financial success and abundance you can look. At certain facial features and know who's going to have an easier or harder time in those areas.

So and for those of you who i know nobody here wants to do this. But if you want to just be able to put the whammy on people and actually like have them become super suggestible to you and have them hanging on your every word. Then face tweeting is one of the fastest ways to induce a very powerful hypnotic trans state in people because the moment you start unpacking facial features especially when you score they go into a profound highly suggestible trans state they view you as an authority in their world because you're demonstrating a knowledge about them that nobody they know you couldn't have known any other way. So it shouldn't be confused with co-reading co-reading is where we look.

At people and we make guesses that are based on on again patterns. So there's some similarities in terms of the effect that it can have on people. But the difference between co-reading and face shooting is that when you actually unpack somebody's facial features um it's because you know things that are actually have a high probability of being true based on a very different it's not a guess anymore and that's one of the cool things about this a lot of the guesswork is is um minimized if you combine the two now you have a whole that's greater than the sum of the parts if you combine that with hypnotic language like we teach in cpi or killer influence now you have a almost a literally unstoppable method of influencing as well as reading and understanding people is that is that sound useful timothy's asking can you explain the unpacking process and how to get rid of past issues uh yes. You can point to there's other ways to do it there's lots of ways to unpack in fact i have a whole class that's devoted to learning how to find and unpack these things.

So lots of ways that you can do that and i'll talk to you about them okay. Um. So. So my personal promise to you is if you stay until the end again i'm gonna i'm gonna teach as much as i can in the.

First hour to 90 minutes or. So and. Then i'm going to go when i'm going to transition i'm going to talk about some of the training opportunities that we have coming up for you and. Then i'm going to point you in the direction of where to go from for to take advantage of that and.

Then i'm going to circle back and i'm going to continue to teach and we're going to just dig as deep into these things as you want to go. But there are certain things like that i always cover in a webinar certain things that i think are just the absolute important go-to things about face reading and. Then based on the questions that you ask we'll drill down on some of the more esoteric sides of it if you want to know about romance and sexual compatibility we can do that you want to talk about trauma history or unpacking traumas we can do that if you want to understand um charisma or what the chinese call peach luck we can do those things. But the whole point is is there's a very a solid format that we're going to follow.

But you won't get all the goodies until you stay if you unless you stay for the end. So if you've budgeted 90 minutes you're going to have pretty much what you need to know to start doing face reading right. Away and you're going to be able to know how to take the. Next step for those of you who want to just absorb as much as possible and get that personalized uh class stay stay through the end allegra's budgeted the.

Next four hours because she knows me right. So that's kind of where we're going we'll show you how to become a master of people reading and how to use those skill sets to influence people in a very very powerful and significant way. So here's where it gets cool here's where i get to ask you my panel my my fans my. First timers in terms of face reading what do you want to learn about today what's the biggest question that you'd like the answer to that you would like to be able to use face reading for.

So go ahead take a couple minutes think about what it is you want to know about why it's important to you what's important to you about it and go ahead and type it in the chat. So i know how to direct the course for the day when people are telling truth versus lying okay. That's a very common one by the way health the okay. Emotional releasing all right.

What else we got and for those of you watching on youtube uh my biggest my biggest apologies for some mysterious reason youtube and zoom are not getting along today i tested it earlier and it was fine. But for some reason um it's just it's just not working. So brandon is actually manning the youtube live chat box and he's actually going to start uh transferring your questions over to uh to this chat. So we can read them okay.

Soul age from the eyes. Okay. I'm not sure if i can do that one emotional release a lot of people are interested in emotional leave truth versus lying how to get rid of lines between the brows okay. Okay.

So maybe what we'll do and this is how i think we'll do it i guess for the. Next uh hour or. So we're going to talk about the must-knows in other words how people think uh what people want you to know versus what they don't want you to know and. Then we're going to talk about emotions how people are emotionally conceal emotionally emotional arm or mark your emotional life on their face we'll do our offer we'll circle back we'll go into uh deeper skills john masters is asking about soft skills reading clients okay.

Everything you're about to get in the. Next hour or. So is going to be directly relevant to the questions that you asked when we come back from our offer we'll start looking at uh additional face reading cues and attributes that we can look. At as well as how to clear them if that's where you want to go lying is actually pretty easy to detect um depending on what system you're going to you're going to pull from and we're going to talk about the difference between what i've come to call active profiling systems versus passive profiling systems um they're very complementary.

But i don't want you to confuse what we're about to cover with things like micro expressions or applied behavioral analysis things of that nature i'm going to do a little compare and contrast as we as we go through this just to give you guys a better understanding of it. But by and large i consider face reading especially from the chinese medical perspective to be what i call a passive um passive profiling process whereas applied behavior and kinesi kinesics are what i our micro expressions are what i call active uh profiling okay. Is that is that clear does that sound like a plan for everybody is everybody good with that go ahead and type it into chats cool all right. Cool.

So let me go ahead and jump to uh my onenote and we're going to start looking at how people think how people think oops okay. So we start looking at how can you by the way can you all see um see this this particular screen has heaven human earth understanding how people think okay. Cool. So this is the.

First thing that we need to understand when we look. At something now when i my teacher by the way that i learned most of this from and i've had many teachers in various forms of of profiling and human behavior uh lillian bridges is my teacher and still my teacher um in chinese face reading um i've studied paul ekman's work i've studied a lot of stuff by joe navarro and and people in that field and they've got some great stuff chase uses is a good friend of mine um and we're becoming closer as time goes on because there's a lot of complimentary stuff. But one of the things that i want to talk about. First and foremost when we design systems let me jump back to uh face to face for a minute when we design when i design this system i don't i don't like to have to be like right.

In somebody's face before i can start extracting information in our course killer influence which you heard me reference earlier i talk about what we call the i3 influence model i3 stands for identity intelligence and influence identity is all about you it's all about the characteristics the skills the strengths i'll show chris don't worry i'll show you in a minute um all about the skills the strengths the the attributes that you have that you can employ uh in in a certain influence situation that you can bring to bear also encompasses your boundaries what you will do what you won't do i two of the killer influence model is about intelligence and intelligence is in the terms of information in other words how much information can you proactively gather about your subjects in terms of their environment the context their emotional background their socioeconomic upbringing their genetic predispositions the more of this information that you have about a subject subject being the person you're profiling the easier it is to influence them if you haven't if you're taking notes write this down this is a quote that was passed on to me by my instructor in kinesic interview and interrogation professor danny johnson from oklahoma state university he said to me if i know you better. Then you know me i can influence you if i know you better than you know yourself i can control you and this is where face reading and its related disciplines can start to really give us an advantage and when i say advantage i don't mean an advantage in a malevolent way i mean an advantage that allows us to to relate to people and connect with people in a way that they feel truly heard and understood that allows us to help and heal them to motivate them and inspire them and in many cases as a way to protect ourselves from people who may not have our best interests at heart and only care about getting what's good for them does that sound useful type that in the chat if you think that's useful okay. So when we start and again i like to do things from a place of safety. So in other words if in a lot of our systems especially when we're looking at things like micro expressions or uh facial gestures or facial cues like blink rate and pupil dilation these are things that are what we call active profiling techniques and they're very powerful they're very useful uh in certain contexts.

But they require you to literally be here like in the person's face and the problem with that is that there's a the closer you are to somebody interactively there's a lot more you have to manage. So when i created my systems i started to i wanted to be able to give people the ability to extract information from a place of safety things that i can see from across the room right. Things that i can extrapolate from without having to memorize a long list of complicated information and. So one of the very.

First things that jumped out at me when i was going through the chinese systems and when i started to reorganize it for you was if what's the fastest easiest way to know how somebody thinks and you can just you can determine that what was the. Second sentence about control all right. Here it is again if i know you better than you know me i can influence you if i know you better than you know yourself i can control you and that is more true than not um the problem with a lot of the influence and we live right. Now we're in the world's largest psychological operations petri dish there are huge amounts of mind control and and psychological influence techniques being leveraged on you every moment of every day and now because of the covet because of all these other things it's even worse because now we're being our amygdalas are being hijacked and.

So we're being thrown into these pathological trance states with little no. Idea how they're doing it or what what effect it's having on us even those of us who think we're not under the control of those kinds of influences are many times we are and here's here's another saying that i teach all of my killer influence dudes and i invite you to come to killer influence um if it's something that you think might help give you an advantage in your life in the future and this one goes like this anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control just because it's outside of your awareness does not mean it's not controlling you okay. So part of my job as a teacher is to help you as a practitioner as an agent of influence uh the person who's at the cause in your world to give you the ability to become more self-aware. So you can make choices based on awareness right.

Because without awareness there is no. Choice. So let's look. At these three zones of the head when we look.

At the head now if we understand the relative proportions of each of these zones it's going to give us immediate insight into how people think now why is that important because some people are very data oriented some people are very pragmatic they don't care about the data they want to know what the shit's going to do for them. First some people are very gut driven or very instinctive or very emotional and we're going to talk about how to look. At that and where we're going with it and what i want you to extrapolate from this. Next this.

Next module on how people think is what order and sequence to present information to people okay. Every human being on the planet consumes data and manages data they have a practical side that they want a practical need or desire that they want to fulfill and they have an instinct or gut response yeah okay. These are the three elements that we're going to look. At.

First on the face and by understanding how to understand the proportions uh that come out in certain and characteristics and actions connected to certain facial proportions you're going to be able to extrapolate the order and sequence to give people information that is in harmony with the way they think. So they can consume the information you give them in the most pleasurable and natural way for them the less the less cognitive friction a person has the more likely they are to accept your message and act upon it. So let's go back to our our screen and we'll look. At this okay.

So here's the whole picture and what you see here is if you divide the zones of the face into three areas just above the eyebrows to about the hairline. So again it's a little bit misleading here i was taught even though the picture here says it's a little bit above i would say if you take the line from just about the eyebrows to where the hairline starts and i usually go with the the widow's peak or whatever. But it's a judgment call for you right. I might i might go up here right.

This area in chinese medicine is known as the heaven zone and this relates to data in other words uh somebody with a very large upper zone uh i hate to pick on him because he's helping me with everything. But um hold on a. Second insert oh it's not gonna let me do it all right. Let me close this make this a little bit smaller.

So people you know with a large upper zone are very data driven these are people that if you come to them and they've got a very large forehead they're going to want to know where where's your data that supports it give me the information i'll draw my own conclusions okay. There we go. So these people are very data driven. So um i hate to pick on him.

But my good friend and colleague brandon burr who's actually uh co-hosting this event if you were to look. At brandon and i don't know if i have a picture of him. But if you've ever seen brandon he's really really uh upper zone dominant and i said let me erase this. So i don't confuse people he's really really upper zone dominant would you consider heaven similar to metal per no.

David i wouldn't i wouldn't necessarily um make that generalization that heaven is similar to metal in fact i would say it's actually not um one of the ways that you judge metallic personalities and david has a background in chinese five element theory. So for those of you who don't know what a metal element is or middle personality the chinese divided everything into yin and yang and the five elements and there are certain personality characteristics and attributes related to each of those five element designations we're not gonna this particular class is not designed for people who have a background in chinese medicine it's designed to give you something you can take out into the field right. Away. So one of the things that we want you to start to look.

At is the relative size of each of these zones if the upper zone is big they're very data driven okay. If the middle zone is larger these people are more pragmatic these people want to know what's it going to do for me right. How is it going to help me at the risk of one of my more uh notorious colleagues in the in the attraction and sexuality field used to say how is that going to get me more oral sex right. Uh if you would ask him you would come in and you'd say what about this and what about that and couldn't you do this he would say well how's that going to help me get xyz right.

Very large middle zone. So people with um a larger middle zone tend to be more pragmatic or not pragmatic pragmatic [Music] and. So when you come to these people you see that large zone you want to lead with here's what it's going to do for you and. Then you follow up with one of the other zombies.

So let's say for example that you've got somebody who's got a very large middle zone and. Then the. Next largest zone is their data side and. Then their.

Third largest zone is their their earth side or their emotional instinctive side you would want to lead with what that what your product or service is going to do to them what the practical benefits they're going to gain from it. Then you're going to want to give them the data that supports it and. Then you're going to talk to them about how much they love it and they should just trust their gut and go with it. So it's what what this particular process gives you these three zones gives you is a way to know what order in sequence nlp calls that a syntax what order and sequence to give people information in does that make sense if you get that type it in the chat.

So to answer david's question one of the ways that you can you can when you look. At metallic features just for those of you who are interested um and by the way metal people are tend to be more on the finicky side they're more on the um they're very sensitive to a lack of order they're not they're not just organized they're orderly and. So and. So when you look.

At people um let me go back to stop sharing for a. Second. So let me pull up my desk here and i'll see if i can extra extrapolate for you uh the difference between somebody who's organized and somebody who's bored elite. So let me adjust my camera just a little bit okay.

Forgive my uh my webcam i'm trying to get. So you can see my all right. That's not working at all okay. That's uh.

So much for that idea okay. Uh. Anyway all right. So.

Anyway let's say i have a bunch of items on my desk here okay. And i tell and i tell somebody who is very woody for example to organize the desk okay. A person who said who organizes my desk might go okay. Here here all right.

We're done that's a wood person okay. However somebody who's more metallic they're gonna be more like and they're going to be lining things up and making sure everything is just orderly just finished just right. That's a very metallic quality and. So if you you all know people like this one of the ways that you can you can begin to determine if somebody has that quality to them is by looking at the amount of space between each of their features right.

If you look. At my for instance i actually have a bit of metal in me i have a lot of wood in me. But i have a lot of metal too. So if you look.

At the spaces between like my eyes. And my eyebrows uh the length of my nose actually i used to have a very straight nose until i ran into a baseball and that kind of made me more more bossy uh. But. But metallic people tend to have very aqualine very refined features there's a lot of space between them because metal and the metal psychology is about boundaries it's about separating your foods on the plates it's about separating your your you organize your books by size rather than by content it's just it's just about being very different and i think you can i think you can lapse into different elements based on context i think context is a huge identifier in what element you express at any given time.

But remember don't worry about metal with fire or wood or anything like that this this course is not it does not rely require you to know anything about five element psychology or anything like that we organized it in a way that you could just take this material out and start using it without any of that okay. But and. So the. First thing we want to look.

At is upper middle lower zones upper zone people are very data driven when you present to them if this is their dominant zone you want to lead with that if their middle zone the pragmatic zone is more dominant you want to lead with that if they're lower zone which is more instinctive or gut driven or emotional you want to lead with that and. Then you want to base and again you do you this is basically something you can eyeball the idea is you want to figure out what are they what's their dominant or primary and they're secondary in their tertiary and. Then you organize your information your presentation based on that this is again this is something you can extrapolate on a zoom call it's something you can extrapolate on a video chat it or you could do it from across the room and that's why i like it because i can look. At somebody without having to interact with them which is cool for me because i can you know let's say for example you haven't been through our state control training in cpi or killer influence or whatever and you have you're not ready to interact yet you're formulating your approach pattern if you've been through rapid attraction secrets or killer influence you know that we actually have approach protocols that we teach in other words how to survey a room how to survey um who you're who you want to approach for whatever context everything from networking to to dating and.

Then how you go into a room you get your state you state and your identity set up and. Then you make your approach this is part of that proactive profiling process because i can do this from complete safety from across the room i can extrapolate based on what i see what kind of information i need to lead with and. Then i'm going to get out when i get my whole system ready i can i can approach and i can present in a way that is in harmony with how they normally digest information. Anyway is that is that useful go ahead and type in the chat if you think it's useful if not i'll move on cool excellent all right.

So that's really in a nutshell a quick and easy way to understand how people think now we can go very very deep into that we can just keep going i mean there's charts in chinese medicine that map out moles and your and things that are going to happen to you all the way up to age 120 170 uh in the face it gets really crazy. But let's look. At things that we can just take out and use right. Away okay.

So let's jump back to the. Next phase which is about what people want you to see and what they want to conceal right. Who they are in public who they are in private would that be useful to be able to kind of look. At somebody and and peel back their social masks.

So to speak to kind of understand things about who they are in public versus who they are in private we're going to look. And again everything that i'm teaching you is designed to be used integratively in other words i'm teaching you three zones of the head on its own i'm teaching you social and or what we call public and private masks on its own i'm going to teach you emotional mapping on its own the idea is you begin to integrate these together and begin to extrapolate and create a profile that you can use in our face reading certification level one we go from the hairline all the way down and cut we spent almost three days just on eyes. All the things you can unpack about the eyes. So there's always more that you can learn.

But we need something right. Here right. Now that we can just take out into the world and start using. So let's look.

At social masks we look. At people's social masks this this relates to sorry oops let me turn the writing part off what are we really talking about we're talking about what people want you to see versus what they don't want you to see. So when you look. At a person um the right.

Side of their body a. Second i can't their right. Side is equal to their public face not pubic face that's a very different class for a very different day the right. Side of their face is their public face the left side is their private face this is the face this is what this is what the face they show only a treasured few when you ask about public versus private we're talking about true right.

Versus true left. So they raise their right. Hand the hand that they raised is their public side now my colleague chase hughes in his course on behavioral engineering and behavioral influence he talks about working with people's social mass in other words how to peel them back or how to tonify those masks. So that they become.

So you can give them permission to do things this is a really powerful way to know in a in a very easy uh a very understandable way where people spend most of their time what they're in the. Next course we're going to unpack the emotional maps the emotional triggers that people have. So when we look. At the.

Next level we want to ask ourselves timothy this is that's over timothy says does that flip if they're lefties the answer is no. Uh this is one of the few times because like nlp will tell you that um if a person looks up nlp one. Second mlp up up left when their eyes. Go up left they're doing visual mem a visual recall uh upright.

Visual construct which means they're making pictures and that this changes based on whether somebody is right-handed or left-handed that does not apply here um this is fortunately for us one of the one of the the few places where we don't have to make allowances for gender uh. So let me explain that really quick the chinese say that the the left side is yin and the right. Side is young when we look. At like trauma history on people and we look.

At the chronology of life events that mark people's faces women's women's um lifelines. So which side does the test above the temples apply okay. I don't know what what you're talking about jeanette to which side the test above the temples i don't understand that you have to rephrase the question. But what i'm saying is uh if you look.

At age markers uh zero to conception is on the left side goes to eight to seven years old here transfers to the right. Side to about 13 and. Then jumps to uh the center okay. You invert that for men.

So men are always on the left women start on the right. Okay. So again just at the risk of confusing you that is not the case with public versus private sides that's why it's. So reliable and one of the things you want to look.

At especially in this zone here when we start looking at public versus private sides what you want to look. At is which eye is bigger generally speaking the more the more held open an eye is the bigger the eye is the more outgoing um and willing to to take in information a person is the more closed the eye tends to be or more the more small the eye tends to be the more guarded and aloof dissociated they tend to be. So one of the things that we want to look. At when we start looking at public versus private side where the markings bigger where they deeper because the deeper and bigger the markings the more intense the uh the emotions connected to it or the activities connected to it does that make sense if you understand where i'm getting at go ahead and type that in the chat cool all right.

Is it do you see how this might be useful for people okay. Linda says not quite. So let's go back to our picture do not understand. Last piece of version okay.

So let's go back to our picture when you look. At somebody's face okay. Let me have let me pull up a notepad really quick um the left side of their face tells you who they are when nobody's around or when they're with their most intimate and private friends okay. This will take this will take on more meaning and relevance to you when we go to the.

Next the. Next phase or the. Next module which is all about emotional mapping when you look. At somebody's left side of their face and you have to do it through their left eye what you're going gonna see is the kind of person they are when nobody's looking the kind of person they are behind closed doors the kind of person they are when they're only interacting with their most trusted intimate friends and sometimes not even.

Then okay. When you look. At the right. Side which is considered the inside okay.

This is the face they show the world this is the face that they want you to assume is who they are okay. So from a interaction or an influence standpoint if i want to create vulnerability in somebody if i want them to start to really kind of dissociate or become very um malleable on a deep validation level i'm going to peel back their social mass i'm going to talk to the person i'm going to talk to the person's left side persona if i want somebody to behave in a way that's congruent with their public self-image i'm going to look. At these traits and i'm going to do things that build up or amplify that persona for those of you who aren't familiar with some of my work i talk about i'm going to type this in the chat no. Actually no.

I'll do it uh i'll do it here thank you david um. So one of the things that we want to look. At is again people will become vulnerable when we talk about resistance to persuasion there's four types of resistance. First is reactants we call this the you factor if i if i were to push on david uh and and david didn't ask to be pushed he's gonna get he's gonna he's gonna lock his stance he's gonna push back either physically or psychologically or verbally that's called reactants that's the.

First type the. Second type is any any a perceived threat to self this would be our public i'm sorry um our private side the. Second is any threat we perceive to how other people see us and the final one is threat to truth anything we've accepted is true. So these are the roots of most forms of resistance to persuasion that you're going to get how does this relate to um these these uh public and private sides.

First and foremost um assuming that you're not you're seeking you're the the influence that you're seeking to wield has been welcomed you will neutralize reactants okay. But if if you want to mitigate resistance you have to be very careful about what the what the left side of the person's face is telling you if you want to work with uh if you want people to live up to their stereotypes live up to their image you want to deal with them as if they were the per the right-sided person. So in a business context where image is very important we want to stroke their ego we want to stroke um the the persona the mass they want to show the world if we want them to um if we want to actually weaken their sense of self if we want them to become more vulnerable to us we want to talk to their right. Side or their i'm sorry their private side you see how do you see how it connects to influencing people if you get it go ahead and type that in the chat for me.

So i know i haven't lost you okay. So we're clear on public versus private in other words when you start to unpack the size of a per gust also this thought was asking what do you mean talk to a certain side well there's a couple of things you can ways you can play with this when i talk to somebody depending on the context i i want to kind of discern which version of this person do i want to talk to do i want to talk to the mass that they show the world let me go back to to um do i want to talk to the mass that they show the world in other words people have a certain image that they project out to everybody around them and that face that the things that are more uh integral to that self image that they're showing the world can be seen on the right. Side of their face their public side. So when i meet with them and i talk to them in any form of professional interaction i necessarily don't want to make them feel vulnerable i want to make them feel in charge in control because if they feel in charge and in control they're far more likely believe it or not to do what i want in that context okay.

Because if i start to unpack their private side they're going to get defensive and defensiveness doesn't get you your outcome more often than not now we flip the script if i want to facilitate and create a deep connection with somebody. Then i want to talk to the person i see marked on the left side of the face because now as i talk to that part of them they're going to become more vulnerable and when they res when and when they experience that vulnerability and it's rewarded in other words they the the things that they share the things they admit to the things that allow them to connect they get a good feeling about it they open up more how do you talk to the left side you can actually look. At them you can you take both of your eyes. Look.

At them in the left eye or you can take your left hand look. At them through their left eye in in classical influence perspectives we have this thing called the hypnotic gazing one of them is actually taking your right. Or left eye and looking through the particular eye you want to talk to from a biological or neurological perspective i'm looking in their left eye i'm talking to their right. Brain if i'm looking in their right.

Eye i'm talking to their left brain which is the linear logical side. So you can you can mesh your neuroscience with that you combine that with proprioceptive awareness and mirror neurons and you've got a very very powerful combination of tools that that synergistically allow you to influence people. But now we're talking about just unpacking behaviors. But do you see how this could be useful yes.

Or no. Yes. Or yes. As t harvecker would say okay.

And it's immediately useful isn't it right. That's what i mean i mean like i said there's. So much in this. But these are the things once again now we now we can look.

At somebody from across the room and we can know exactly how they think are they data driven are they practical are they instinctive what order in sequence do i do this uh do i give them the information this is before we start unpacking their values and all this other stuff right. And. Then i'm going to look. At a public versus private who are they in public what are the things that you know are they open more publicly are they less open are they more frustrated publicly or privately you're going to learn that in the.

Next module right. But you need to understand three zones right. And left before we go there does that make sense type in the chat i need to know because i'm insecure that way becca's dad yes. Yes.

Cool all right. Very good all right. Any questions about right. And left zones before we move on yes.

Eight have noticed after negativity that the skin in the private side becomes worse okay. Um is i think what was his name went by. So fast that it did islam um save that question and we will put a pin in it we will address it after we come back uh from our offer harder to see eyes. In a zoom call is it received energetically yes.

One of the things that's going to happen and those of you who've been through face reading either of the chinese medical hypnotherapy class that i taught or who have done face reading level one here's one of the weird things if you're doing face reading therapeutically right. And there's a huge body of information for doing this therapeutically i call face reading chinese vibrational psychotherapy it's literally the talk therapy of chinese medicine and what happens is when you unpack facial features and they resolve the emotion connected to the feature that marking changes the right. The wrinkles go away the feature either gets bigger or smaller it's bizarre. But you can literally take before and after pictures a picture at the beginning of a face reading and the same person at the end of the face reading same lighting same wall same everything and the faces are different for those of you who've had that experience type it in the chat.

So those those of us who are calling um can see yeah just if you want to know which is which just raise your right. Hand your right. Hand is always public your left hand is always private right. And it will be the same with them.

So it doesn't matter if you're trying to whatever their right. Hand is always their public side their left hand is always their private side doesn't change timothy fox says got rid of some lines already uh lily says was coaching a man and watched the lines between his eyes. Disappeared yes. Allegra says and transfer is done over zoom or even video had it happen yes.

Uh these things i've had i've literally had people's eyebrow bones go and just pop out like a turkey the little temperature thing on a turkey when it's cooked at the end of a session uh brad says david you look. Younger than. Last year well thank you i am working on myself i just gotta take enough herbs to get my hair to go to stop going great we'll be fine private site is on your heart side yeah you can think of it that way susan miller says you got it right. David's rejuvenating i'm working on it i'm working on it john master says did it to me or john matt yeah john masters does it to everyone you gotta watch out for john who's on the call if you've got any kind of issue whatsoever and john knows about it he will stalk you until he fixes it he's got some pretty interesting stories.

So john is john has become i remember when john. First started with us and he's become a really really powerful healer in his own right. So um islam says i saw it on others still not on me that's fine you probably haven't fully finished packing unpacking it yet that's usually usually at the moment where you vented the emotional charge and had a spontaneous revelation about that issue is when the marking goes sometimes they go away instantly a lot of times they just kind of fade away over the course of a day or two it's really interesting how rapidly these things can happen uh elgo says how does the change happen which is the technique to help improve and someone improve this well there's there's there are several different approaches and again when we come back from our break our offer stuff i will have i'll be happy to talk about classical approaches to doing this versus the david approaches to doing this which are a little bit faster and a little bit more direct. But the old school works how can you use this to build trust it actually will start to happen automatically elgo because um when you soften and you start talking about features and you start relating to people things from their history that you couldn't know and it clicks with them they fall into deep levels of rapport as long as you're not an about it galaxyj7 says what about winking does the side of wink is mean anything that would be more active profiling galaxy and that's not what we're talking about here i will talk talk about it a little bit.

But um you know when we come back. But i want to get through the core material uh right. Now and. Then do our offer and come back and dive deep is this is this fun.

So far you guys getting something out of this okay. Cool excellent see i'm kind of insecure i need all the support i can get okay. All right. So let's go back and.

So we've talked about again just to recall we talked about how to learning how people think and the order and sequence to um connect them with that. Second we talked about public versus private the social maps people have and when we use them in a business context by the way unless you want to actually put somebody on the defensive you always want to talk to their public side you always want to talk to the side of them that you want to you want to save their face for lack of a better word okay. Susan miller is asking we should regress that insecurity back to cause and fix it yes. I should yes.

I should. But my blazing trust issues get in the way uh sharian says you're awesome thank you for sharing well thank you for being here and being part of planet david um by the way did you guys know just as a quick side sidebar did you guys know that we just launched members member levels on our youtube channel there's a 999 level there's a 24.99 level and a diamond level which is 99.99 and depending on how much private never before released information and access to me you want uh you can sign up and and interact with me on a more ongoing basis um yes. We'll grow you about that. Later okay.

So let's move on to module three and module three is really where the rubber starts to hit the road in terms of um emotions emotions people uh re conceal and need or emotions people need to heal okay. So let's talk about that let me zoom over to no. Pun intended let me zoom over to the. Next phase of my questions.

So this is how people feel the emotions they conceal or the emotions they need to heal. So when we start to look. At people's faces and again just to uh alleviate confusion we're going to do this in terms of a clock face. So 12 o'clock being up here and.

Then moving down to one o'clock. So the. First thing we want to look. At and by the way all of these traits hold on a.

Second let me make this a little bit smaller all of these traits are bilateral in other words with very few exceptions will there be a trait that can show up only on the right. Side in fact um there isn't and there is not a single one of these traits that only shows up on the right. Or left side what when we look. At this map the.

First thing we want to do the. First thing we want to do is we want to look. At which side of the face are the markings deeper or bigger because that's going to tell us where they've been holding on to uh toxified emotion the emotional life they've been leading and where it's more prevalent. So certain lines on the map we're about to go through are very good some of them are neither good or bad they're just behavioral traits or emotional traits that we've stored.

But every single one of those lines the on the emotion map that we're going to talk about is something that can be treated and will change when the toxified emotions and the issues connected to those toxified emotions are released okay. But pragmatically from an influence and profiling perspective we look. At somebody we know how they by the three zones we know how they think what order they want to consume data by their public versus private side we know um you know we can read what kind of emotions a person is experiencing in their private life versus in their public life the. Next phase which is where we're going now is to look.

At each of the emotions where they mark and what they mean in a way that you can start to unpack them. But one of the. First things you can look. At is especially the eyes.

Which eye is bigger if they're noticeably bigger on one side. Then you it means something and we have a whole two day training just on eyes. In our face reading level one class we unpack the eyes. Like you would not believe um we don't need to go that far today to start using these things.

But once again as we explore the emotional map remember that how you talk about these traits is in many cases as important and sometimes more important than knowing what the traits are. So when you start unpacking people's emotions and by the way once you turn this off it's very hard to turn it on it's very hard to turn it off uh just knowing that is is going to give you some tremendous leverage psychologically and emotionally over people uh everybody doing that getting expensive i don't know what those questions are about. But okay. So let's go back to the emotional map.

So starting at the one o'clock position right. Up here when you have a line that runs from about the middle level of the eyebrow sometimes a little bit more lateral to the corner of the eyebrow you're seeing somebody who's spent a lot of time engaging in the process of being skeptical okay. When you see a line that's evolving from the outer canvas right. Here and travels up you're seeing what we call joy lines okay.

So again these are by the way when we start talking when we when you come to killer influence or cpi and we start talking about influence techniques especially when it comes to approaching and and reading people in the moment we're going to talk a lot about what we call positive eye contact positive eye contact almost always includes these lines when somebody looks at you and they smile and you see these wrinkles up here you see what we've come to term as a an authentic smile or a duchenne smile okay. And when you see those three components together you see positively either looking at you they've got a smile and you've got these little joy lines up here that's what we consider positive eye contact that's a sign of genuine interest and genuine pleasure in uh relating to us if we don't see that if we see you know they're looking at us directly in the eye they've got this nice little smile oh i'm sorry my bad i thought you wanted to look. At me all right. I guess i'll back up and do this again is that better is that better okay.

Yeah i apologize for that i got i got multiple windows open and sometimes i forget to switch back and forth. So going let me let me go ahead and revisit this. So let's talk about positive eye contact because this is something when you make an approach socially social approaching you have two forms of eye contact um you have authentic and. So and social authentic eye contact always includes smile direct eye contact and joy lines.

So once again when we look. At a person giving us positive eye contact are they looking at us directly are they smiling and do these joy lines appear i need to point out my wrinkles okay. So if you look. At somebody and you see the smile and they're looking at you directly.

But they're dead from the nose up we call that a social or an inauthentic smile this is somebody who's just being polite okay. And that's usually somebody who's going to have a little bit more resistance to your influence they're going through the motions they're not actively going to engage with you as enthusiastically we all do this when people when we're at a networking function or something like that yeah a lot of people are looking on youtube and i hope brandon is uh is helping those people out we got zoom and youtube did not get along they had some kind of fight and uh for whatever reason they're just not getting along. So. So this again is a one um this is what happens in the moment and this is probably a good time to talk about active profiling versus um passive profiling.

So let me just go ahead and scroll down uh and kind of give you the when we look. At active profiling what we're looking at are micro expressions body language um nonverbal stuff. But what what these are all what these always are are in the moment these are changes that happen in a split. Second as people try to manage process or conceal any motion they change in a split.

Second and that's why and. So you when you talk about you know pupil dilate things like um blink rate people dilation non or paralanguage these are all things that uh these are all things that happen in the moment right. We look. At passive profiling which is what we're we're talking about on this webinar passive profiling allows us to unpack personality temperament attitudes trauma history health lifestyle slash constitution okay.

So if we if we look. At the difference uh there's a lot more that goes on here. But these are the big ones all right. So active profiling happens in the moment passive profiling happens over a lifetime what i mean by that is is the things we're unpacking are the consequence a lifetime of micro expressions and emotional experiences not the result of any particular one does that make sense do we understand how they can help each other.

But at the same time they're very different yes. Okay. Again if i leave you guys behind in terms of you know i'm going pretty fast because i want to keep timely. But you know this works for you guys it's fine yes.

Ideally elgo um you want to learn both in fact i have a training coming up where we're going to be teaching both um. But i want you to understand the differences that make a difference uh why going full screen. So we'll only reply when i don't understand that susan miller says. So chronic versus acute yes.

Susan you could say that again to borrow medical terms chronic versus acute. But again micro expressions are extraordinarily useful in calibrating behavior in the moment. But they're not as useful in the moment to create a profile a long-term profile of people's life experiences how they're going to interact relate to authority things of that nature okay. This is a dramatically context dependent this is lifestyle dependent okay.

Okay. So going back to these once again um let me erase this. So joyline's very important um we want joy lines. However there are other emotional issues that can can kind of come into the place nigel says do they appear at different areas over the face joy lines only appear here joy lines only appear from the outer canthus curling up towards the eyebrow that's the only place you'll find joy lines when the when the lines come start from the outer canthus and they begin to journey down you're dealing with what i call the sadness continuum and what that means is from sadness down.

So the line here is sadness it's a very short line can be chronic or it can be acute and the line becomes longer you're leading into sorrow which can be a longer term processing or as in as often the case hidden or repressed trauma yeah many of the lines do hide until stress appears if they go down through here this is somebody who's held a lot of grief that they haven't resolved yet okay. This may be one uh extreme loss that they've suffered or encountered or it could be um a bunch of losses that they just have denied or repressed or avoided actually processing out. So when you see these lines they're almost always when you see them they're almost always headed for lung problems of some kind or they've already got them. So there's a direct correlation between the emotions of grief with lung issues now.

So let's just recap you've got skepticism joy sadness um sorrow and greed if this were a face reading class this is where we would break up into groups and actually start having people unpack the markings two participants have raised a hand and i don't know what whatever your questions are typing in the chat will i be sharing actual photos to demonstrate these i wasn't planning on it um i wasn't planning on it i would have to actually go through my my manuals and find some for you. But there are some a great book. To get by the way is uh face reading and chinese medicine by lillian bridges my teacher typed it in the chat for you guys um. But yeah we could if we have time maybe after we do the offer and stuff uh we come back if i if you guys are patient i'll uh i'll go and look.

For some pictures we can show this or if anybody if anybody uh who's a veteran on the webinar uh has some of these lines they want to post them in the chat box you can just upload the file people can look. At it okay. Because i want you to learn. But these are the again what's really important right.

Now is knowing where to look. And what they mean okay. So we've got skepticism joy sadness sorrow grief. But there's a few other lines that you want to look.

At when you have a line that starts from the inner canthus that's this area right. Here and travels down through the lung area moving towards that grief intersection this line is called lost love and let me explain a little bit about what lost love actually means lost love what most people think is okay. I lost somebody that was important to me that's not necessarily the case lost love lines appear and they start at the inner campus and they work down now there's two variances i've seen or variations i've seen on the lost love line and they make sense the. First one is the one you see on the on the emotional map that starts at the inner campus and just kind of travels down towards that grief line now lost love line occurs when something that was part of your golden path something that was such a fundamental part of your sense of who you are in your place in the world has been lost or taken away from you.

So the example i often give people is let's say that you uh when you were young you loved horseback riding you loved horses you loved everything about horses you fantasized about becoming a professional equestrian or horse rider you know something of that nature and. Then as time goes on um some kind of weird autofocus is happening here i'm not going to show what's going on there um. But let's say like 10 15 years. Later you meet somebody who is doesn't know they don't not only alert to horses they don't like horses they hate horses.

But you're really in love with this person and because you love this person you put the horses away you stop doing those activities if it was really a part of your with the dallas call your golden path in other words your mandate from heaven your reason for coming to this world to taking on this body. Then what will happen is you will you will you'll develop a line that runs down and. So it's when you see a lost love line it doesn't necessarily indicate the loss of a person although it could be what it does indicate is the loss of an activity or uh or a person or a relationship that was. So foundational to your sense of who you are and what was right.

And desirable in your world that it marked you very traumatically it affected your jing or the the material substance of your body now the other line i've seen and this one it makes perfect sense we'll start at the inner campus just like a regular lost love line. But what will happen is it will travel across to the sadness region and. Then it'll come down and i see this a lot with people who have lost relation significant relationships um usually not. So much activities.

But again don't don't it's not a hundred percent if they've got any kind of lost love line it means something important to them was lost i mean that was foundational their sense of purpose or identity or being when it comes across chances are they're still grieving that loss is that does that make sense that's kind of how you extrapolate two traits does that make sense i saw that at the. Last space reading class that i taught um in fact i actually went up to the lady and i said i pointed to the lion and i said you need to get that back and she just broke down right. There i didn't even that's one of the things that's another reason why i'm cautioning you when you there's something that happens to the face reader when they learn this material there's some kind of i give for all you know all woo aside there's some kind of transformation that happens some kind of switch gets flipped inside the reader where the moment you start unpacking a face even if it's casual a person will become hyper reactive to that i've literally walked up to people looked at something on their ear and said what happened when you were five and they literally had a meltdown right. In front of me we've had lots of witnesses to that those of you at the.

Last face reading class i walked up to a lady i said you got to get that back she had to go sit and just be by herself for 10 minutes before she could talk to anyone and that's all i said to her right. So there's there's this this deep level emotional vulnerability that you can tap into as a face reader and you can use it for good or you can use it for ill. But use it with respect you know because it's that powerful you have that much psychological and emotional leverage over people okay. Um.

So hold on a. Second here are we good. So far i see questions. First time okay.

All right. Let's go back to our our drama and again what's going to happen as soon as i finish the. First half we're gonna do our offer and um and. Then we'll come back.

So these are the big ones right. When i look. At people these are these are one of the. First ones i look.

At if i'm not reading their hairline and and these areas right. Here and. Then right. And left side sorry i'm gonna look.

At which side of the face are these lines deeper on if they've got deeper longer lines in their left side than their their right. Side i know that in their private life they're a lot a lot more unhappy or they have a lot deeper richer emotional life if it's the opposite. Then i know that they're much more satisfied or are much more um involved emotionally with their public persona okay. So just to recap when you look.

At people another line i want to call your attention to and you're going to see this one a lot in abuse victims these are called disempowerment lines now these lines often start as a vertical or diagonal a diagonal line that's extending from the inner canthus down the bridge of the nose oops i'm sorry i didn't i didn't share my screen did i oh my bad um well actually before i share my screen. So um i don't know if you can see it here. But let me let me kind of just if when the line starts here and it travels down the bridge of the nose and i see these are diagonal lines what you're seeing are what i call appeasement or disempowerment lines appeasement or disempowerment lines indicate that at some point in that person's past somebody violated their boundaries maybe it was a parent maybe it was a boyfriend or a wife it doesn't matter it doesn't what it signifies is that at some point in that person's past their value their boundaries were violated and they pushed back they they made they they decided they were going to stand up for themselves they weren't going to let that happen and what happened in that moment was when they pushed back the person pushed back even harder and the person was. So cow their spirit was.

So broken for whatever reason that they they flipped the script and became an appeaser they started trying to find ways to make things okay. Again to put things back to the way they were. So these people lapse into a type of behavior where they're coming always trying to make up for some perceived um wrong and you'll see this a lot in people who have very abusive spouses people are or who are abused as children where they had to constantly feel like they um they had to make up for their their right. To exist.

So to speak does that make sense there's two lines that are two sets of lines that that mark boundary violation for certain. But they have very different issues. So when you see these lines i'll show you this on the screen now okay. So when you see these lines on the screen here that's almost always an indication of somebody who is in appeasement mode my teacher lillian bridges calls them disempowerment lines.

But um really the behavior that that's attributed to that is um i'm i i made you mad i'm gonna find a way to make up for it please don't hurt me or whatever right. Does that make sense yes. It's this again if you're a therapist or a coach and you see these lines tread carefully. But you would probably what this almost always indicates hey you're gonna have to unpack that trauma you're gonna have to find a way to get them even even if they're not even if they're coming to you for something else if your brain or your your your attention is drawn to those lines it's an organic an organic message from the person's neurology and their energy field their spirit for lack of a better word that this needs to be resolved.

So at some point in your sessions you're going to have to unpack that it's going to come up some way somehow okay. Now if you're not doing this for therapy i hesitate to say this all right. I'm going to tell you if you have these lines chances are you've got weak boundaries chances are you've got some weak boundaries and if people know how to make you feel bad about yourself they know how to press your personal your your. Then they know how to peel away your private foot your private masks your public masks they can get you to do things okay.

That's almost always what these markings indicate if you extrapolate from them now what it means is that's a past behavior yes. These are lines along the nose and i see them most often in abuse victims people who were very much picked on bullied were basically appeasers they they had to find a way they somebody picked on them they pushed back the person to put the the retaliation from the push back got worse and they lapsed into okay. I'm sorry i didn't mean to yell at you or stand up for myself they can mike is asking uh nigel's saying is it that is that like controlling you yes. Yes.

Uh mike cerna is asking or are they discovered in the moment when you're working with them both i've seen it happen both ways i've seen it happen both ways sometimes these these lines don't show up until you've actually elicited the emotion in a therapy session many times though many times when the person walks in the door you'll see it it'll just jump right. Out at you i've seen lines that are. So deep in people it looks like somebody took. An x-acto knife and just etched it into the bone right.

So when you see these lines understand what could be happening or what it determines in terms of that person's malleability when somebody is pressing on their emotional vulnerabilities does that make sense is this useful okay. Cool all right. Yeah stupid gas lighting well gas lighting is either stupid or not stupid it's a tactic and unfortunately if it didn't work predators wouldn't use it. So one of the things that we need to do once we understand how to read our own emotional maps is we can look.

In the mirror every morning and get a snapshot of our emotional health we can look. Right. At our face and know okay. We got a lot of sadness we need to work on getting rid of we got a lot of boundary issues that we need to resolve we got a lot of fear that we haven't let go of yet or we haven't found a way to bolster right.

Lots of different ways that we can use what you're learning now i just says how can i keep you on screen in chat well i don't know um i will are you guys having fun with this. So far botox oh lisa if i got something for you i gotta find the notes. But um i'll talk about botox there's actually been some studies now that confirm uh that botox injections actually uh stunt emotional expressiveness and emotional um affect they they actually inhibit it aren't all emotions serving a useful purpose yes. The problem is is that many times what we choose to do with that emotional expression uh isn't isn't healthy i just says i can send you a pic of my face for reading well let's let's get through the the formal portion of our training today.

Then we'll circle back and we'll see what we have time for is that help is that useful yeah no. Botox bad bad bad bad all right. Um okay. Cool.

So let's let's do a few more traits. Then we'll do our offer and. Then we'll circle back it's not going to make me popular with some of the uh the plastic surgeons out there. But hey that's just how it is okay.

So let's look. Once again at our facial map and let's bring the oops let's bring this up okay. Sorry my pages keep moving around my microphone says. So real quick in the context of public versus private face how can we better understand how close the emotion line is uh we discover isn't the gravity to the person i don't understand the question mike rico to get a yes.

Actually i have pictures and i show these in my my face reading classes of people who started learning face reading 20 years ago or 10 years ago and what they look. Like today and they look. Like they've lost 20 years their faces are like completely gone most of the wrinkles are gone it's amazing nigel says it's true this because my face is less wrinkled with my new higher position i've got why it's because emotional wrinkles are a sign of emotional toxicity okay. Because we're not solid creatures we're we're we're refracted energies that that are shown through the through the uh the lens of the nervous system jeannette foley says what was the name of the book.

You mentioned face reading and chinese medicine by doc by lillian bridges okay. All right. So let's look. Now at some more lines and these lines are again this line right.

Here it starts from the the corner of the alanis eye or the nose and it moves down let me use a different color and it moves down this way it can be bilateral or it can be on one side more than one the other these are called purpose lines these are good lines to have um what this almost always indicates when you have a purpose line it indicates somebody who is on their golden path now the golden path is you know if you've ever worked with clients or you've ever looked in the mirror or maybe you're as you're falling asleep at night you said yourself you know i know i was meant to do something with this life i know i was sent here for a purpose if i could just figure out what it was taois shamans and mystics call that your golden path your mandate from heaven and. So two lines are really really relevant to understanding your mandate for him the. First one we talked about which is these lost love lines which almost always indicates the loss of an activity or um basically something you're doing or something that was part of your life that was intrinsic to your golden path to fulfilling your mission in this world now people ask what's what's. So important about a golden path well if you like to get younger your golden path is the way to do it if you want to live longer your golden path is the way to do it if you want to be happier more joyful your your golden path is the way to do it if you want to make a difference in the world your golden path is the way to do it.

So when we we lose a piece of ourself that was part of our golden path we mark here when we're starting to get on track in our life publicly or privately when we're starting to get onto activities and situations and circumstances and environments that are in harmony with that mandate from heaven that spiritual mission we came to fulfill you will develop lines here from the corner of the nose down now most women hate these lines because they're lines right. Does it have to be clear even without smiling it usually is usually the more uh the more on your path you are the more pronounced these lines become okay. And what's interesting now if we go back to our map of the face did i did i share my screen i didn't share my screen again sorry we go back to our map of the face hold on oh oh i can't get my page my picture hold on a. Second we go back to our mac of the face and we look.

At right. And left sides if a person's purpose line is deeper on their private side it means that their private life is more on track if it's deeper here it means they're all more on track in their public life now remember the important thing to remember about golden path is that golden path is not about a job it's about a lifestyle a lifestyle where you're engaged and following your joys following your passions and making a difference in the world and this is what leads to what the dao is considered immortality and our immortality came in three varieties a you physically mortality in other words you live a long long time usually long enough to complete your mission which can be 80 90 100 200 years whatever sometimes if you're following dallas practices there's this physical immortality thing that we we aspire to the. Second level of mortality is through your children passing your your traits and your gifts down through your lineage the. Third kind of immortality is the one that most of us are actually secretly craving in addition to living forever uh biologically and that is you leave something behind that is uniquely yours that goes on after you've passed on and that's what a lot of a lot of what we're trying most of us are trying to do in this world is we're seeking different forms of immortality we're seeking ways to leave a mark on the world for you know to to that that goes on after after we've shuffled off this mortal coil and on to the.

Next level life level in the game of life right. So these are three ways and being on your golden path facilitates all of them okay. And. So you'll live longer you'll be happier you'll tend to be wealthier and it doesn't really matter when you get on your golden path in fact people who get on their golden path.

Later in life tend to actually move faster than people who start early. So um again we actually have a golden path workshop coming up for those of you who have taken golden path um this might be something that you you want to play with um i see questions in the chat did i forget to share my screen again no. We're good okay. Uh hold on let me look.

At the chat and see what people have linger says how to injury scars or hard life oh a very good question and put a pin in that one david because as soon as clayton if you want to take a golden path workshop reach out to stephanie at mlpower.com or 858 282-4663 and she can give you all the information on a golden path stay to the end of the webinar though because you'll find a way to to do it for a lot get a lot more for just um hanging out um david on injuries and scars uh please put a pin in that when we come back from our offer sheet and and the packet training packages we've got um we're going to go ahead and we'll talk about that okay. Okay. So you guys kind of ready to go to the. Next level would you guys like to you know learn how to read people's personalities temperaments understand yourself better gain an unbeatable edge in life and take your people reading skills to the.

Next level type in yes. If you're ready because otherwise i'm just going to skip it oh it's good to know okay. For your uh entertainment and edification my good friends ladies and gentlemen i'd like to announce our. Next today's webinar special with two w's is the secrets of face reading home study course this is a 1497 value and what this is is a three-day training where we actually cover a lot of the things that we talked about in this webinar.

But much more in depth this particular home study course remember you guys were asking about how to unpack emotions how to resolve um toxified emotions and get and get that stuff handled this is the class where face reading means hypnotherapy and nlp and the the classical approach to chinese vibrational psychotherapy okay. This class is two days of intense training in face reading and one full day of just fixing your just learning how to point to it unpack it attack it resolve it you'll literally see your faces change over the course of the three days that you're actually working on this and you'll be equipped to go out into the world able to unpack people's personalities read their emotions read their trauma history know at what age you know different traumas happen you'll be able to tell how they relate to authority and extrapolate very powerful personality profiles as well as clear your own stuff help other people clear their stuff in a very powerful systematic way you do not need to know a single thing about chinese medicine to do this course i've spent a ridiculous amount of time coming through all the literature all the lore and organizing these things. So that anybody can walk in and just start unpacking faces okay. It's a 1497 value and it's available to you today on this webinar uh of course we're going to give you a bunch of other stuff because we're going to include this their secrets of personal transformation home study course and what's involved with this you're also going to get if you want to grab the hold of this webinar special today we're also going to throw in our special identity by design hypnotherapy home study course this is our flagship beginner to expert hypnotize people anytime anywhere for any reason balls to the wall hypnosis course this makes every single person that we've run through this identity by design course has come out on the other end with an amazing powerful skill set they're able to hypnotize people anytime anywhere under any circumstances in fact in this particular class i think this is actually the class we had people in the lobby of a hotel undergoing renovations with an active jackhammer and they're doing full-on change work right.

Next to an active operating uh uh jackhammer and they're getting complete change in deep trance right. Uh john can tell you this there are a bunch of people who've taken this course because one of the things that's important when you start to unpack people's faces you're going to want to do something about it and we want to make sure that hey you have the tools to change yourself. But also the yes. This is actually the best course for self-hypnosis frank um it's going to give you seven specific techniques as well as the ability to hypnotize people anytime anywhere for any reason with or without a transduction.

So it'll allow you to remove blocks and limiting beliefs allow you to find and remove negativity you didn't even know you had to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away and allow you to change that crappy voice inside your head. So it builds you up instead of tears you down it'll teach you to resolve the negativity from your past. So when you actually look. Back on your past you only remember in ways that empower you to make your life better and stronger and it'll install the traits and qualities and characteristics of people that you want much more susan says what if we already have identity by design not a problem all you need to do is give stephanie a call and she and as long as the price point is the same you can substitute any other course that you think is a fit in place of the course you've already gotten that's something we've always done um if we have identified to see my.

Next would be regression or trauma yes. And we do have a real world trauma resolution program that you could substitute for identity by design very very easily i would recommend susan that if you can uh we're doing an eight day nlp hypnotherapy trauma resolution and regression class in las vegas uh where i'm going to literally teach you nlp and hypnosis all integrated with the energy psychology that we do it's going to be an eight day live event out in las vegas if you really want to get the biggest bang for your buck seriously consider coming out and spending eight days with me uh going neck deep or more into this stuff. But if not um you can just and in addition to that you can just substitute uh real world trauma resolution or nlp regression for this home study course. So if you were to take the face reading class which is 1497 plus the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course total value be two thousand nine hundred and ninety four dollars uh.

But we're also going to throw in something really cool you gotta remember that face reading is an energy based vibrational psychotherapeutic technique and many of the people who study face reading have a very deep level interest in energetics psychic phenomena psychic healing and. So what we're going to include as a way to kind of synergize all these things together is our vibrational healing energy secrets and remote influence home study course this course is going to teach you how to unlock the power of your mind to control your energy build it and use it for something on a consistent testable level you're going to learn how to balance and clean chakras if you believe in those things influence and heal people remotely clear up issues that just don't seem to go away boost your intuitive and psychic abilities in a systematic way manifest anything you want in the shortest amount of time possible some of the most powerful manifestation techniques on the planet are taught in this course and they're actually derived from the healing arts. But they they translate very very powerfully into the ability to manifest patently and possible stuff a lot of times it's really crazy some of you have actually manifested stuff using these go ahead and type that in the chat. So people know where as i speak uh you'll learn how to protect yourself against manipulation and psychic attack and tap into your true potential if you're serious most of you most people that i meet who come to me for golden path work this is almost always a no-brainer this is something that they're absolutely looking for and makes all the pieces fit into place this is our foundation course in transitioning from just hypnosis and nlp based stuff to the energetic and vibrational universe that we're swimming in total value for this course is uh 1497. it's yours absolutely free if you took.

The if you if you looked at the secrets of face reading it's a value the identity by design uh brings it up to 2994 dollars and of course we add in that vibrational healing 1497. it gives you a total value if you go to the website today and try and purchase it of 4 hundred and ninety one dollars. But you know what we're not going to stop there and here's one of the reasons why we do this because when people come to me and they ask me david should i get your videos or should i come to the live event without hesitation i always tell people come to the live event because it's the live events that make you awesome it's the live events that allow me to imprint these things deeply into your neurology and force you to come out with them over and over again until they're a natural part of who you are. So you can do them anytime anywhere and. Then you go back to your videos and you use your videos to supplement the live events that you've attended now i get that some people because of covet especially.

But sometimes you cover other logistical reasons you can't get off work you got someone you got to take care of you got kids whatever you can't get to the live event and when when those situations arise this is where these packages that we put together come in handy because i sit down and i think about okay. If a person can't come to a live event how how can i make sure that they come away from this program with exactly what they need and and. So i put these things together in a very synergistic way. So that everything complements and overlaps in a way that you can start to to really get the benefit of these techniques for yourself okay.

So we're gonna include uh face reading vibrational influence of course identity by design we're also gonna include people reading for fun and profit body language sequence home study course this is where you can begin to unpack everything else we talked about remember we talked earlier about the difference between active profiling and passive profiling this is where you can begin to unpack the active side of things micro expressions gesture body orientation nods liens foot placement lie detection all of these things come out in this particular active profiling course this is a crash course that we did um and we're actually going to be building more uh more of these classes as time goes on because this is something that amplifies and feeds into that i3 model we talked about that allows you to rapidly know what buttons to press in the order and sequence to press them to be able to speed read people in the moment as well as develop a long-term profile of them. So this allows you to understand the body language of attraction the body language of of lie detection and deceptive behaviors how to influence people without words which is powerful how to project charm and confidence and charisma on command how to understand men that men better how to understand women better what's the differences on how they process and how they emote how they express how to dress for success and much more you'll not only learn how to do all that you learn how to eliminate the behaviors that actually weaken your influence that weaken your sense of presence and the authority that you exude this the presence you exude in in front of other people you'll be able to close more deals get more dates become a relationship magnet and be able to utilize and leverage those skills anytime anywhere under any circumstances because that's what we train our people for it's not enough you can just do this in a in a courtroom or a therapy room you've got to be able to do it everywhere. But i also realize that a lot of you have a very specific area that you want to apply this material in and. So we contextualize all of this and i want you to really think about where you want to apply these things how you want to apply them and what's important to you about that.

So as you connect that to this package you can realize that we're giving you exactly the tools that i believe you're going to need to get the biggest bang for your buck and make your life exactly what you want it to be total value price it's a 997 value we're going to throw this in absolutely free the total value was 5 488 dollars if you went to the website and tried to purchase it. But we're going to we're not done we're also going to throw in the lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar crash course this was um a special a live event that i taught where i taught the 15 most powerful tells that that i learned from a cia spy uh for how to unpack people who are being lying or deceptive it's going to cover baseline it's going to cover clusters it's going to cover my particular approach to creating a report continuum. So you can understand deviation from those baselines you're going to learn 15 unique tells that cleveland when people may be lying how to look. At everything the body is doing and understand it better how to understand men better once again because we we affect we express ourselves differently how to understand women better because women tend to express themselves differently especially when they're under stress how to eliminate the behaviors once again that weaken your influence what are the things that people do when they're under stress that signal that you may not be congruent or you may be lying what's the difference that makes a difference how do you tell which is which we're going to show you how to do that you're going to learn to close more deals get more dates and ultimately you'll never be manipulated again or you'll at least at the very least you'll dramatically reduce the frequency with which other people can pull one over on you.

So if you take everything i would like to pick my brain on donald trump well okay. Uh maybe not right. Now. But maybe at a.

Later time total value once again five thousand five hundred and eighty five dollars this course we're going to throw in absolutely free just for grabbing the secrets of face reading home study course valued at 1497 you're gonna get over 585 dollars of free stuff. But again just like before we're not done. But let's review what we've got. So far.

So we've got the secrets of face reading home study course valued at 1497 we've got the identity by design homes hypnotherapy home study super course we're going to value 1497 we're going to give you that absolutely free we're going to throw in the vibrational healing energy healing and remote influence course by the 1497 we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're also going to throw in the people reading for fun and profit two-day intensive which gives you the active profiling techniques as well as lie detection and stuff valued at 997 dollars we're going to give that to you absolutely free and. Then. Finally we're going to throw in the lie to me if you dare how to catch liar's crash course okay. That's a lot of stuff right.

Total value 5 585 okay. However for those of you who take charge today who really decide you want to move forward on this for the. Next 35 people to register we're going to give you something extra special one of the things i always talk about with people is the importance of live one-on-one interaction of getting in front of me in any way you can and just drilling on these skills until you can do them in your sleep. So for the.

First 35 people to register today we're going to give you a special pr special we're going to give you a face reading for fun and profit virtual live three-day training it's going to be november 6th 7th and 8th 2020. it will be done remotely i'll be teaching this from my home direct to your home you'll be able to log in do breakouts cover um all the cool stuff we talked about today and a whole lot more and i'm also because this is a virtual boot camp and i have the freedom to have access to all my materials we're also going to spend some time talking about active profiling where we look. At blink rates pupil dilation the 15 body language tells that i mentioned in the lie to me if you dare program and a whole lot more we're going to un we're not only going to unpack the level 1 face reading material that i teach all of my students we're also going to do some modules on how to actively profile people behaviorally in the moment. So you can become aware of micro expression become aware of blink rate be aware of general hemispheric preference you can become aware of all the things that people do in the moment that signal whether they're being true or not true whether they're nervous whether they're attracted and you'll be able to leverage all of that into your face reading in addition to learning how to just look. At people's trauma histories look.

At if people are are more responsive to authority more rebellious whether they're more whether they're their trauma histories and all the other stuff all the things we've talked about and not only are we going to give you that virtual live event. So i don't care where you're at anywhere in the world you're going to log in you're going to have breakouts you're going to have a lot of examples it's amazing. But not only that it's a nightmare it's a one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're also going to give you the video of your training to keep you're gonna have a private facebook. Group we're gonna upload those videos and you'll be able to access the videos of your virtual boot camp anytime you want 24 hours a day seven days a week okay.

If you were to everything the the course plus the value of the video itself you're looking at over three thousand four hundred and forty seven dollars in value we're going to give you this entire face reading training and video package absolutely free just for being on the. First 35 people to register for this program today. So once again if we look. At things you'll be you'll be able to read people's personality instantly you'll understand how they think and feel and behave to be able to measure their sexual romantic compatibility you'll understand their current state of physical and emotional health how to uncover and resolve forgotten traumas their relationships with their parents and siblings know how they make decisions and much much more okay.

And in addition to everything else i've already talked about is that cool yes. Or yes. Okay. So let's review awesome total value if you were to go to the website and try and purchase this today which by the way you can't is thirty two dollars and zero cents.

But of course we're probably not going to charge you that you might you might have guessed right. So let's let's just review real quick secrets of face reading home study course valued at 1497. uh and and. Then we're gonna uh. Then you by design hypnotherapy home study course if i had 1497 we're going to give you that absolutely free vibrational healing energy healing and remote influence valued at 1497. once again we're gonna throw it in free people reading for fun and profit two-day intensive again more techniques on active profiling and non-verbal influence 997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free the lie to me if you dare how to catch liar's crash course right.

At 97 we're going to throw that in absolutely free and you're going to get that three-day face reading for fun and profit virtual certification boot camp super ticket which includes the vip uh video course of the course total value 300 347 value yours absolutely free total value of this package if you were to grab it full retail today is nine thousand thirty two dollars um. But let's see what i did here i think i got my numbers wrong it's actually yeah. Anyway. So again.

So as you can see nine thousand thirty two dollars or nine thousand four eighty five dollars whichever one you want. But um. But we're not and we're not going to charge you that we're not gonna charge it now we're nine thousand dollars we're not going to charge you 4 167 dollars we're not even going to charge you 2 697 yours today the entire package face reading secrets home study course vibration identity by design vibrational healing and energy uh for people reading for fun and profit uh lie to me if you dare three day face reading super ticket one low installment of just 9.97 or if you prefer you can do it all in three easy installments of just 399 dollars. So if you if you know you want this you know you want to participate be one of the.

First 35 to grab this amazing home study package you'll get that three day face reading home study course and the video of the course okay. And you can do it in one loan installment of 997 or you can do three payments of just 3.99 and again you get to keep everything you can start actually downloading those courses and start watching them today and november 6th through the 8th i'll be coming direct to you um teaching you three days of the most interesting and fascinating synergies of face reading and profiling tactics i've ever come across okay. Yes. This is us dollars chris right.

And if you need a payment plan reach out to stephanie at nlpower.com uh her number is hold on a. Second. So you can reach out directly to stephanie at nlpow.com or 858-282-4663 question was asked what is the best course for healing trauma best course for healing trauma is actually probably going to be starting with identity by design and. Then vibration or regression real world trauma resolution okay.

Now uh the question was asked earlier well david i've already got i i've been in planet david for a while i already have my identity by design or i bought vibrational healing if for any reason there is a course in this package that you already have all you have to do is give stephanie a call at 858-282-4663 she will go through that program with you and she will find she will help you select a substitute product or course you can swap out in your package okay. So you you actually have the ability to customize courses we're very flexible that way if and all we really care about in terms of customizing your packages is that the price points match as long as the price points match um you can swap any of these video courses out for something else. But this in terms of when i look. At what based on the live events i've done based on my experience as a trainer and teacher this is the optimal sequence of courses and and combination of courses that i would recommend for people who really really want to tap into their potential and utilize the skills of face reading to help other people including themselves if you have uh if you're in if your interest in face reading lies more along the relational relationship sexuality dating seduction oriented phase there's a couple of suggestions and alternate packages that we could suggest to you um that work very very well and you can and stephanie has has those write-ups as well if you're more interested in professional and business applications.

Then we have one that is more influence oriented. So we have three we have this primary package and. Then we have two alternate packages that are available depending on where your emphasis lies because one of the things that we see over and over and over again let me just jump back to to looking you in the eyes. Real quick um oh man i can't find my there we go um one of the things that i see over and over again is that people have fallen to one of three categories they either fall into the i want to know myself and empower myself a better category they want which is also the clearing category they want to be more successful in their romantic dating and attraction seduction applications or they're more professional oriented in that they want to use these these techniques for sales marketing uh jury selection um you know professional applications networking mediation negotiation.

So we developed three complementary packages and if the one we've got here isn't quite a fit stephanie knows exactly what courses to recommend based on where you want to be employing this material okay. Uh and all you need to do and we can set up a payment plan for you it's one installment of 997 or three easy payments of just 3.99 and you can reach out to her either directly at stephanie oops not stephanie at mlpower.com or at uh 858-282-4663 and she can work that out with you okay. So i'm gonna go ahead and uh jump back to my powerpoint really quick and i'll take a few moments to answer questions that you might be having okay. While you guys are doing that.

Then we're going to take a five minute break while i i you know you guys can all get your bladders and we're going to come back and we're going to pick up with class where we left off and uh and just go ahead and continue to teach and. Then we'll drill down on the specific questions that you have is that is that okay. Is that fair which boot no. That's no.

The boot camp has nothing to do with youtube okay. Um the boot camp is specifically through zoom and we're going to go ahead and again um and people have just finished face reading level one will tell you it's it's an intense class and there's a lot of cool stuff that we cover. So i really i really like to invite you guys to come out virtually speaking and participate right. Um how do we get the boot camp.

Then you click the link and you pay the you you you pay for the pro the package and you'll get a link platinum members um we'll have to work out because you already have access to a lot of our video content already. So platinum members will have to customize something for you a little bit virtually i can still feel old sick cat don't know what that means okay. All right. So go ahead and uh ask any questions that you have i'm gonna go ahead and run to the restroom real quick and.

Then we'll come back and we'll start teaching. So give me give me five minutes stephanie and brandon can take the uh can take the questions until i get back okay. I'm i'm back from my abbreviated potty break hopefully you guys are taking some notes and you got some quite some cool questions for me remember the better we're at that phase now where the better the question the better the seminar right. So while i'm going to continue through the emotional map i don't mind taking sidebars here and there at least till the kids come home and start making a lot of noise david orman asks have you ever needled into these lines no.

I've never i've never done that. But. But if you are trained in acupuncture if you need all these wrinkles uh you may cause them to clear it. So just to to review really quick.

So yeah there's a lot of ways to actually go about treating these lines um my preferred one is actually um just unpacking it verbally linguistically um real quick just to review uh this webinar special by the way is only good until i sign off the webinar. So like the three day face reading that's that's something we're just throwing that in there it's for the. Next 35 people and only the. Next 35 people and it's only available until the end of the webinar.

So like if you're on this webinar or if we if we automate this webinar. Later and you want to get take advantage of the super package for 9.97 you may be able to get that we don't know how long we'll keep that up. But only the people who registered today are going to get that three that free three-day face reading uh virtual ticket and the video themselves. So that's that's special just for you guys today um if you need to get a payment plan stephanie can work with you i'm happy to do that we just want you to get this information and start applying it right.

Away. So you can make your life exactly what you want it to be. So nigel says. So are these creams that ladies buy for face reading or sorry these creams that ladies buy for face wrinkles useless no.

I don't think they're useless. But i do think that they may have effects that we haven't anticipated if it's anything like botox um [Music] you know the other thing about face reading is that our in terms of face reading one of the things we noticed is that a facelift lasts about seven years after about seven years you go back to the face you had before the facelift. So um i wish i could find the i just i just pulled that information out of the information on botox out of lillian's book. The other day i should find it.

Anyway. So for those of you who are are hardcore therapists and what we'll do by the way if for some reason you don't want to come to you don't want to do the virtual boot camp. But you want to come to the face reading class in or the golden path class we're having in january you can swap that vip ticket out for the golden path training which you don't need any face reading training to do it's just a class that helps you kind of clear blocks to your success getting back on your golden path and figuring out what you need to you know what life direction you should be taking based on face reading and other applications. So we'll let you do that as well swan oh kitties and okay.

Yes. Okay. There's david do you ever needle or do you always do color stuff or verbal unpacking i can needle. But we tend to unpack it faster more directly believe it or not uh through the verbal and packing and here's what i mean when you put a needle in a wrinkle let me jump out of when you put a needle in a wrinkle you're you're inserting a needle into an energy channel okay.

So think of it like an ocean with many different islands and. So when you when you if you have the intention to heal a specific issue and you needle the wrinkle you're far more likely to invoke it. But many people who do needling aren't trained in the psychotherapeutic understandings of what we call initial sensitizing event subsequent sensitizing events. So when they go and they needle a wrinkle uh they're just stimulating the energetic river that it's flowing through and.

So it's a g it's more generalized right. Which isn't bad it's just not as targeted there will be a resolution process that starts to trigger. But if you don't understand the three body issues where you have the mental body the the energy body and the physical body uh acupuncture as a rule targets the energy body and by prop by default the the physical body it doesn't always go directly to the mental body or the causal body and the only interventions i have found in my 30 plus years doing this that target the mental body directly are hypnosis nlp and holographic memory resolution even eft which is all about tapping and stuff like that doesn't target things nearly as powerfully or as directly when you're doing organic face reading which is the intuitive chinese vibrational therapeutic application of these skills there's an intuitive process that guides you to a specific marking and triggers an ab reactive cathartic releasing process and as you guide them through that as they resolve the emotional charge they have a spontaneous revelation a reframe of that event their markings go away. So the short answer is yeah you can needle it uh and it'll work i just don't know if it works as quickly does that does that make sense or answer your question okay.

Cool all right. So you guys ready to go back to uh you guys ready to go back to our map okay. El says i would like to buy the package oh wait that went by really fast um package still at 99 uh would it be possible to get the killer influence within the package still at 9.97 reach out to stephanie and uh she'll take a look. At the price points and i off the top of my head i don't see a problem with it let's see there's a small chance i can get the three three day face reading considering my schedule most likely i will only watch another that's fine um again.

However you want to use that ticket is up to you um. But yeah reach out to stephanie and if the price points are close enough and we can do something for you i'm happy to do that. So stephanie will be the final arbiter in that. But as far as i'm concerned as long as price points match up and everything else um it's fine in fact we actually have a variation of this face reading package that does include killer influence.

So uh she might just go ahead and show you that what that package looks like and you may like that one better. So the short answer is yes. Reach out to stephanie she'll take care of you okay. Okay.

Any other questions about that cool cups yeah looks like a dragon that's why i bought it uh john masters isn't the isc not considered necessary anymore because you can address all at any point just have to hit a tap root or a root symptom don't understand the question john and where you're basing that from. So paul says yes. Please uh brandon to i'll pay yes. There's a package with killer influence in it stephanie says you can swap it.

But it can't be added to the offer okay. Elsa's great thanks and i'll buy the package and talk to steven thank you for considering i take the package ralph says very good excellent thank you guys appreciate your enthusiasm yeah this side i got this at starbucks unfortunately i was it's ceramic rather than than metal. So i have to be very careful with it at least accounting test is i stuff stuff under my lower lip okay. Let's talk about stuff under your lower lip because that's where we're going.

Next you guys ready yes. Yes. Is it puffy lisa yeah we'll talk about it uh let me get back to my picture hold on a. Second okay.

So let's go ahead and erase some of this stuff. So we talked about purpose lines we talked about skepticism sorrow grief sadness disempowerment and purpose uh chet we have to reverse everything what do you mean reverse everything your right. Side is always going to be your right. Side unless you're doing it from a camera where the the right.

And left are deliberately transposed you might have an issue there um. But yeah well actually if you look. In the mirror raise your right. Hand and you'll know where your public side is raise your left hand and you'll know where your private side is.

So you can look. In the mirror and just know that that's the simplest mnemonic i can come up with for getting that because if you try to if you take a pic or when you take a picture of yourself put your right. Hand up. Next to your face or put your left hand up.

Next to your face. So you know which is which these are just ways to get around that really really simply okay. So um david i mix up my right. And my left well you're out of luck allegra i don't know how to help you with that one um.

But if you you could ask somebody and. Then have them draw on on your face a little dot and you'll know the dot is always right. That's what we do um that's actually what we do with our x-ray machine in our in our clinic when we take x-rays we take a little paper clip and we we tape it on one particular side. So we know which is right.

And which is left because sometimes the x-ray actually actually flips it. So little things like that right. Okay. All right.

So let's go back let's look. At some other lines and the. Next three i want to talk about are right. In this area here.

So the. First line i'd like us to talk about is a good line if you see a line right. Down the center of the lower lip this indicates a sense of humor this person can appreciate jokes they can often take a joke they can often tell a good joke. So when you see a one thick line through the lip like that it indicates that somebody is has a good sense of humor the.

Next three i want to talk about i call these the terrible trio um they can show up in they can show up individually. But often they tend to show up together. So i'd like to talk about these if i could these lines are over nurturing bitterness and disappointment these things can show up on their own. But many times they show up together and i'll explain what this let's start with over nurturing if you have somebody with little short lines right.

Above the lips can you guys all see that please let me know you can see it okay. Good when you see these lines this is somebody who for whatever reason either by choice or through a sense of responsibility or being guilted into it or times as a result of their job is engaged in the process of over nurturing people there are sometimes sometimes this can be a a suffocating kind of an energy. But a lot of times it's it's a result of somebody who is spending way too much time taking care of other people you're over nurturing them you're giving too much of yourself to other people i see this one a lot now interestingly what happens with these people a lot of times is that as time goes on these people tend to operate from an expectation they have an expectation that the people they're giving to are going to give back to the same degree that they're getting and they don't for whatever reason the person does not get back what they were expecting and that causes them to feel a lot of disappointment disappointment is almost always seen by a wrinkle that starts at the outer corner of the mouth and travels down okay. Outer corner of the mouth and travels down this should not be confused by the way with what is known in face shooting as a downturn mouth okay.

They are two very different traits okay. What we're talking about here is an emotion okay. Not an and not a uh a qualitative a quality okay. So when you see these wrinkles that trend down from the corner of the mouth you're seeing somebody who's experiencing a lot of disappoint who has experienced a lot of disappointment in their life they had an expectation of something and it was never fulfilled people made a promise they didn't they didn't they didn't hold on it.

But you see these very often you'll see these as a byproduct of expectations that were never met that all happens a lot when people are over nurturing because they're giving and they're giving and they're giving and they're expecting that the people they're giving to will give back to the same degree and they never do they never give back to the same degree that the person is giving and they become very disappointed after enough of that disappointment has accumulated these people will start to become very bitter they will start to feel like disillusioned uh resentful uh they'll they'll have a lot of axes to grind. So to speak that will become very toxic over time now these three i talk about a lot together because when these three get together you can have a recipe for cancer no. Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient now this does not mean by the way and it's important this does not mean if you have these three markings that you're going to get cancer what it does indicate is that you've spent a lot of time in a situation that is not good for you you've developed a huge reservoir of bitterness and disappointment and at some point this may reach a critical mass no. End in sight which leads to hopelessness and as a product and as a byproduct or a consequence of that sense of hopelessness of having no.

Way out they manifest death they manifest a way out when you start to unpack when you start to unpack cancer many times you're going to see anger bitterness resentment disappointment and usually an expectation of getting something back to the degree that's being that things are being given and it's not it's just not happening. So this is what happens many times is people manifest a way out they manifest the cancer as a way to just leave that situation gratitude's important gratitude's a very powerful very healing energy in fact one of the things we'll talk about at the virtual campus we'll talk about the five transcendent emotions which are emotions you use the five emotions you use to heal other toxic emotions very powerful stuff we'll also talk about it uh in the golden path workshop in january that we're doing um and we'll and um we'll probably start integrating it into some of our advanced vibrational healing classes as well. So these are three that tend to they can't they can let me just be very clear and very clear these these three can occur independently they're three individual traits they often appear together often as a consequence of a lifestyle they can if given enough time and enough emotional compressed toxified emotion lead to manifestation of an illness and the illness is never the problem and the illness is always a method a means or message and when you unpack the reasons behind those messages a lot of times those messages ie the disease symptoms and processes go away and face reading by itself is a very powerful way to begin to initiate that healing purging and cleansing process and a lot of it is by just getting people to dialogue with you and allow them to process out those negative emotions in addition to being able to profile them and know how they're likely to respond it's really a very powerful therapeutic and very very fulfilling process classical approach is not fast. But you can do a lot of really amazing things in an hour an hour and 90 minutes right.

It's not as fast as us point to where you feel to take it out spin it put it back in boom we can do that too right. As long as we know what questions to ask how to read the body effectively we can unpack a lot of this stuff and we can pack it on ourselves too which is great because a lot of times we don't know where to start. So we can just get up in the morning after we've hydrated look. At ourself in the face let our face orient on an attribute or facial marking and start to unpack it right.

These are things we can do for ourself and ultimately for the people we love and people we care about you can do it therapeutically you can do it as an influenced professional how do you eat a man that has a beard uh very well right. You can read me you can be all kinds of things on my face spinner magic frame yes. Either one is fine. But actually um as far as face reading applications go as powerful as spinning is more often than not what needs to happen for people to to resolve a marking is they need to extract a lesson from it and.

So magic frame very often gives you a very powerful intervention for an emotional marking or a trauma marking magic frame is where you point to where you feel it reach out touch the picture draw a frame around it write the lessons the experience had to teach you shrink it down move it behind you yeah the the big the the the the three musketeers as i call them spinning magic frame and color breathing are going to be your biggest go-to's in a lot of your off-the-cuff face reading if you're if you're engaged in a therapeutic relationship with somebody oh lager says i wear that beard well and i thought i just like beards well thank you for that again your flattery will get you pretty much nowhere you know i'm kind of immune to you now no. Fun intended um. But um damn okay. And.

So um. But in a full-on therapeutic relationship where you're doing regression you're doing identity by design great room you know uh um not great room not just great room um universal solvent all the things we teach in identity by design these things can really really help you what is the difference between nlp hypnotherapy versus regression well nlp and hypnotherapy both have regression modalities in them. So in terms of nlp and hypnotherapy versus regression well here let me show you this is probably the easiest way to show you the difference hold on a. Second let me pull up the picture i got.

So many windows open right. Now um i don't see what i'm looking for hold on a. Second uh shrink this down shut this down can't that one let me do it here it is this is probably the easiest way to [Music] let people understand the difference between nlp hypnosis and regression. So what you have here and this relates directly to face reading by the way um where's my there it is share screen okay.

What you're seeing here is what we call in the world according to david a holographic memory container the red line indicates the container itself the substance upon which the codes are imprinted think of it like a dvd that has a soundtrack and a video track and all these other different tracks on it. But if you were to break apart the code you would see that there are five primary channels oops five primary channels visual auditory kinesthetic or factory gustatory and within those tracks are further distinctions smaller subtracts these all come together to create the movie that we watch are you guys with me. So far on this for every repressed emotion that you have you have at least one of these circulated throughout the system usually more than one. But they're built the same way.

So when we look. At nlp versus hypnosis they both engage in altered state work nlp let me see if i can um pull this up nlp targets the structure in other words it's going to target it's going to target each of these each of these big tracks here and these these big tracks and these little tracks this is the programming language that the memory is written in okay. Nlp will deal with will will recode an issue. But as a rule it will not directly affect the content.

So when we look. At nlp oops my bad hold on what happened all right. Um not review sorry. So when we look.

At nlp nlp is going to target this aspect of an issue we look. At hypnosis which is also just as important hypnosis is going to help us target here this area right. In here it's going to help us to target and change the story of what's happening it's not necessarily going to change the soundtrack directly it's not going to change the color or black and white of an issue directly it's going to change the story of what's happening okay. Holographic memory resolution which is where everything comes together directly impacts the substance the the dvd that these things are written on.

So all of it involves some sort of structural intervention or some form of regressive technique in the eight day class we've got coming up. Next month you'll learn how to do it all you'll be certified as a practitioner in nlp-based hypnotherapy which includes everything we teach in the nlp prac training in addition to regression therapy right. Alexa thymia is something that we deal with very very effectively using these processes okay. So does that answer your question okay.

So yeah if you want the whole ball of wax and you have a foundation to work from we have an eight day live event that we're doing in las vegas if you're interested in that stephanie can give you all the details it's going to be intense. But it will give you a skill set that pretty much makes you awesome i would like to say world class do i have a link uh yes. I do four slash events forward slash hold on a. Second 2020 nlp hypno.

Lv that should be the that should be the link for the regression class. Next month we also and right. Under that brandon has posted a uh a link for the face reading bundle. So uh and if you need a payment plan for the the nlp class in uh in vegas uh stephanie can help you with that as well.

So. Anyway. So that's kind of my my little squirrel chasing down the the idea of nlp versus hypnosis i hope it's given you a little bit of an understanding about where we're coming from with and all of this relates directly to face shaping because when you do magic frame you're dealing with the va kog you're dealing with the dvd that the entire thing is printed on and we never touch the content directly when you're dealing with regression therapy more often than not we jump right. To the content oops sorry and we don't we don't necessarily touch um the structure.

But we when you integrate everything the entire the entire spectrum of what you're seeing here changes spontaneously it changes everything automatically either one by itself can be powerful when you put them together in the right. Way like you see here you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts and it tends to be faster more permanent change work. So becca's dad is asking are there corollary lines in people who are over nurtured by people who are over nurture um i would extrapolate that there are becca's dad. But i don't know what they might be i think they would be more like resentment actually no.

Actually i know exactly where they would be um and let me jump back and i'll show you where i think they would show up okay. Um hold on a. Second. So again this is this is not this is this was never officially taught to me.

But based on your question this is where i would look. For this a here here um and let me explain why. First of all disempowerment line is always about what it's about boundary violations right. Another place you would look.

For it is here especially if it's a female okay. When you look. At people's hairlines if you see a you know what let me just show you let me give me if you guys are if it's okay. If i take a couple minutes to pull up a manual would that be all right.

I need it needs to be unanimous all right. Give me a minute to pull up the manual um that's not coming up that's not what i want um here we go okay. By the way the manual i'm about to show you you'll also get a copy of when you buy our package. So you'll have a manual go with all the videos um okay.

So you guys can see the manual okay. Right. So we start looking at the effects of over nurturing and over nurturing can take many forms. So this is where you're gonna if you're female this is where you're gonna see over nurturing it's gonna be in the hairline and the forehead.

So what you're seeing here this is called mother's influence and you see this in people most often female you see this in people who had a a mother who was very forceful in their parenting and what i mean by that is that this mother went out of her way to make sure that her daughter was raised right. That her daughter learned what salad fork to use what fork to use at dessert how to say please how to say thank you how to comport herself as a lady in society now when you start to look. At the possible draw ramifications of over nurturing when you look. At this hairline which is a very smooth rounded hairline with little tiny hairs you start to measure you use a different color you start to measure the distance from the hairline to here.

But this is only in people with a rounded hairline the closer these two are together the more repressive okay. I remember one time in fact if you get i think it's included in the video course of the package we're offering you'll see me walk up to a lady who had a hairline very much like this i said i looked at her i said your mom was really really tough on you wasn't she she looked at me she looked at me said oh that right. Just boom just instant emotion. So when we look.

At the distance between this rounded hairline and the eyebrows the closer this line is the closer this line is the more repressive the more distance the more mom was conscientious. But gave her gave this person um the freedom to kind of explore and be herself okay. So that's one place where you might see this is that is that helpful type it in chat it's okay. Okay.

Paul paul's been through this. So many times everybody else is going what okay. We're coming up on all right. Let's get back to our emotional map.

So going back to this okay. So. So mother's influence is one place we might see over nurturing another place we might see it is here and. Then of course here let me give a different color for that.

So these three areas we might see the the evidence of somebody who's over nurturing okay. So let's go back to our emotional map and as you can see there's a whole lot more how would you distinguish these lines from regular age lines i wouldn't if they're there they have the same meaning aging is a result of emotional toxicity. So the more emotional toxicity that you have the more of these lines you're going to show okay. That's why we talk about what people conceal and what they need to heal when you see a person with a lot of lines like this they have a lot of built up emotional toxicity if they don't have a lot of lines they don't hold on to their stuff or they've been working on resolving it or they're completely dissociated from their feelings and their emotions that's generally the three possibilities that you're going to encounter okay.

So looking at um auditory intuition auditory intuition manifests as little lines in front of the ear these lines manifest chin shape means just down and dirty um there's too much there to just say down and dirty you see fear a lot of time manifesting in the chin. But it doesn't look. Like lines uh more often than not when you see fear manifesting in the chin which is a kidney or water area what you see actually are little dots like little dimples if you've ever seen and if they're if they're there without the person actually making a face or distorting their face it's more chronic someone who has a more pointed chin is going to be a little bit more bossy or a little bit more willful someone has a rounded chin depending on the size of it could be a little bit more easy going could be a little bit more generous. But have strong will as well yeah they're like small dimples yeah okay.

This particular trade up here auditory intuition is almost always a sign of somebody who grew up in a hostile environment another and what i mean are a potentially hostile environment this kind of develops as a form of auditory hyper-vigilance in which the uh the person themself has to constantly pay attention to what they're saying to how they're talking to people to what's being said the people's tones of voices because they're afraid to say the wrong thing if they say the wrong thing the punishment could be severe. So these lines almost always manifest as a form of auditory hypervigilance these people over time develop the ability to kind of hear beneath the surface of what people are saying and can infer things very very quickly they have really good detectors they often make good litigators mediators negotiators therapists things of that nature okay. The other thing you want to watch out for when you're working with auditory intuition is sometimes these people tend to suffer from dehydration anxiety and or um not necessarily anxiety. But like palpitations due to electrolyte imbalance.

So these are this is one if you've got these lines you want to really kind of pay attention to that and make sure that your you stay well hydrated okay. Another line that we're going to look. At is um lines on the ear lines on the ear indicate blood pressure irregularities. So people um people with these and i have them by the way i don't you can't see them um here.

But i have these little lines too people with these lines tend to have erratic blood pressure spikes in other words sometimes it's high sometimes it's low um and they always have their neurology tends to be hyper responsive to stimuli. So if i'm walking down the hall and somebody jumps out at me or comes out of a door suddenly and the net the normal startle response would be around a four or five yours might be a seven or eight it's just a and they tend to hold on to it a little take a little bit longer to kind of um decompress. So uh if you've got these lines it's a good idea it's a good idea to to monitor your cardiovascular health it doesn't necessarily mean you've got a heart issue or circular cardio a sierra cardiovascular issue yet. But it can indicate if you've got these little vertical lines the tendency or the predisposition towards it.

So it's a good idea uh to monitor that and make sure that you watch your diet and things like that uh susan miller is asking transport regress to cause do people see other changes after face treating like yes. Sometimes very much. So um islam i asked earlier i've noticed after negativity because the skin and the private side of my face becomes worse i've never had that much it's usually an emotional detox thank you for asking that question again usually when you have some kind of spontaneous eruption as a result of an emotional work it's a form of detox it's not uncommon uh for people who do ver emotional clearing in a session to get up and run to the bathroom after the session because their their colon starts to dump uh at least can't have puffy this is where the bitterness lines are yes. This area around the lips is related to intestines and the stomach and intestines.

So if you've got a lot of puffiness here um you may have some water retention issues it could be uh stagnation as well uh. But a lot of crohn's and um ibs type issues tend to have a puffiness in and around these areas. So um gut health yes. Absolutely absolutely okay.

Um in fact let me show i'll just show you really quick we cover all this in the in the certification classes um and the virtual class will cover this. But let me show you this just as an aside one. Second or maybe not okay. There was a picture i was going to show you.

But it's not letting me pull it up. So here it is okay. So when an acupuncturist looks at your face especially where organs are concerned this is very often what they see. So as you can see here everything that passes through the lung all those lines that pass through the lungs can affect the lungs or they can be a sign of lung problems here you have stomach and intestines.

So if you have puffiness down there it's usually some kind of water retention or inflammation in and around the intestinal area sometimes it's undigested food sometimes it's undigested emotion right. So again you can see the kidneys in the ears the liver at the temples gallbladder here liver here pancreas and spleen okay. So this again is just another quick and easy way to reference that everything is interconnected okay. This would be more of an elemental map of what these things look.

Like. But again not really as immediately useful as the things we covered up to this point. So i'm going to go back to this and open the chat for people to see which were the dimples dimples on the chin are usually related to fear or some kind of repressed fear. So they're usually in this area here okay.

So is everybody with me. So far or is everybody getting this okay. Do you guys need that link for the nlp class again you can resolve this through any of the ways i've talked about l you can resolve it through magic frame color breathing reframing um nlp work holographic memory resolution any of them will work usually we the process we teach is a synergy it's an integrative approach. So it utilizes most of them or all of them synergistically towards a single outcome um this is one of the classes that is the integrative class that we're doing.

Next month in las vegas is um [Music] is where all of this stuff comes together in a really powerful way. But it's geared towards therapy. So if you're if your your emphasis is not therapeutic this is probably not the best class for you to take if you got if you're influenced in attraction relationship seduction professional influence or things of that nature we have other classes that you can you can attend. But i would not recommend the vegas class if you're not some kind of therapist or coach or social worker or something like that okay.

So um. Next one i want to talk about is a variant of the joy line we talked about remember we said joy starts at the outer campus and works upward. But sometimes when a person has a joyline that extends from the outer canthus and it starts to travel beyond the boundary of that uh of that eyebrow now you've got what the chinese term as pathological joy we would call it mania hyperactivity or some form of bipolar disorder. So uh when you um you know people people somebody would ask me about a certain president uh when you look.

At their face and you see lines that travel up past the eyebrows these are the kind of people who are up at three o'clock in the morning tweeting right. Uh they tend to have a very very aggressive outlook. Um they also tend to be megalomaniacs a little bit um. So this could.

But we don't really this is really just a point of of somebody who has extreme manic episodes it could be manic and prone or bipolar it could be megalomania um it could be delusions of grandeur uh again all these things are forms of toxic joy okay. So again if it if the lines are if the lines are just coming up and stop before the eyebrow it's healthy they have a healthy amount of joy in their life if it travels up past the eyebrow now you're looking at mania you're looking at somebody who's extreme personality issues okay. Now sometimes you'll see people with lines that kind of go diagonally up their head we call these transformation lines and transformation lines almost always indicate somebody who went through a long dark night of the soul and came out on the other side of it with an epiphany or set of revelations and when they've had those revelations that changed their life forever changed who they were are going to be forever they'll get these lines that often manifest as diagonal lines radiating from around the. Third eye or or upwards from the the gallbladder liver area and.

So when you see these these are people who you can literally say you went through a very very dark time in your life maybe more than one and came out of it on the other side with some life-changing understandings and transformations and revelations and more often not to say oh yeah they'll know exactly what you're talking about because they'll go right. To it they'll translational search right. To it and they'll just unpack it that way okay. Allegra says i don't have delusions of grandeur it's just going to be grand okay.

Um. So you with me. So far yes. Yes.

Or yes. Okay. Cool all right. Uh let's see here back to my chart okay.

So now. Last. But not least uh in terms of the official map there's other markings that aren't on this map that we could talk about. But these are the big ones.

Finally we're going to talk about this area right. Here when we when we talk about reading faces and we're going to cover this area in depth during the virtual training august 6th 7th and 8th by the way we also have a level 2 face reading class that's coming up in december and if you attend the virtual face reading class you will qualify to attend level two which takes you even deeper. So if you're fascinated by face reading you find it useful and you want to continue to study and learn and grow in the face reading practice you're invited after you've taken level one you're invited to take level two in december and that will be a live event in las vegas uh. So yeah.

Anyway. So when we look. At this area we call this area the seat of the stamp sometimes also referred to as father's blessing and there's a lot of things about a person that this area tells us functionally. First and foremost when you look.

At the number of lines in this area if you see two lines like you see here what you're seeing is somebody who suffers from irritation annoyance otherwise known as impatience functionally these people are always in a hurry they always want you to get to the point and they tend to have anger issues directed at father figures authority figures these people do not like to be told what to do they're often impatient they're prone to flares of temper if you see somebody hold on a. Second why is that doing that what the heck why can't i get my eraser back oh that's why hold on a. Second i gotta erase this okay. It's the wrong eraser there we go okay.

So i'm jumping back and forth between two different dashboards. So when you look. At a person's area here and you don't see two lines you see three now you're looking at somebody who for the most part has learned to manage they can they can they can manage it they have it no. Longer controls them.

So two lines equals a loss of control three lines equals uh diagnosis of control yeah uh dg is saying if the typical parental roles were switched and dad was the stay-at-home mom while mom worked does the diagnosis switch to it can uh back in the in the in the ancient times when families were pretty classical uh it was almost always considered the father's area. But now it's whoever holds that dominant role nico's asking what does one line mean well nico we're getting to that stay with us okay. But i want to understand what two lines mean and what one line means when we see people now who are exhibiting let me move this out of the way why are you doing that that's okay. Hold on a.

Second i'm getting confused here between okay. All right. So when we look. At people and we see a single line one single line down the center of that forehead what you're seeing is commonly referred to as suspended needle suspended needle is indicative of boundary issues with the father figure now let me explain this because this is um this is one of those times we have to understand the directions people's lives can take from the same stimulus you'll remember earlier we talked about people who have disempowerment lines at some point in their life at some point in their life they experienced somebody violating their boundaries you guys remember that yes.

Or no. You guys remember that okay. And what we said was in that moment when that person stood up for themselves and they pushed back against that violation the person they were pushing back against got even madder even more aggressive and the person went from standing up for themselves to trying to make up or appease the other person for that and. So they become very very supplicative they start trying to find ways to please to to make things right.

And that that process continues right. Contrast that when you have suspended needle or the bigger version suspended sword what you've got is somebody who experienced a boundary violation usually from the the dominant parent which would be the father energy and what happened in that moment is when that parent violated that boundary was overbearing was um you know you see this a lot in rebellious kids who get thrown out of their house what happened was that teenager or that child said no. And they fought back in some way they pushed back they fought back they expressed their anger and they got punished for it they got punished for it kind of like the appeaser did. But the trauma of that pushback of that punishment was.

So powerful that the unconscious mind basically said yes. Lisa it could be the mother the unconscious mind basically said i might i'm too dangerous i can't express i i i'm too dangerous to express that level of energy this this could happen let's say that you got angry at somebody and you hit them right. And you went to jail right. Maybe this person had it coming whatever you hit him you went to jail you got punished for expressing that energy expressing that anger you will get a mark here a lot of times it's rebellious teenagers fighting back against their parents sometimes it's against some authority figure or organization.

But what happened in that moment was they expressed their energy they expressed their anger and they got punished for it and they made a decision in that moment that i am never going to get that powerful or express that level of energy ever again do you understand the distinction in in one version the person lapsing is into appeasement behavior in another the person lapses into i'm cutting off my power this is as far as i go i'll never go any further when that happens you'll get a single line down the center of that forehead now in terms of empowerment in terms of golden path in terms of um actualizing your potential a line here will picture frame rule it can it absolutely can what this means is at some point in your life you are going to need that energy and you will not be able to call upon it because you'll have blocked it from manifesting in your life it will keep you from it will manifest as an inability to move forward yeah this whole area is called father's blessing. So a lot of father stuff or male energy stuff is located in this area okay. Mike started saying is bran is there still space in the class if i get the bundle brandon you want to answer that for him i don't know okay. Um keep in mind that many times this may be one big cathartic response or maybe a bunch of little ones i don't know how it's gonna unpack for you.

But you can unpack it you can start doing that right. Away okay. So that's what that means now there's a lot more in this area again if this is the scope of everything we've got less than this okay. So i hope i hope you found you guys find this useful is this was this stuff that you think you feel is you can take out into the world and use cool okay.

Good. So i hope i hope that i will see you on the virtual facebook. Or virtual face reading training and i hope you guys take advantage of this package just for um reminders just to remind you what you're getting and again if you thought this was good you'll love the three-day event. So here's what here's what we got for you you know you're going to get the secret to face reading home study course which includes the ways to clear this grant says i use it with clients excellent uh valued at fourteen thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars you're gonna get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course uh buy it at 1497 we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the vibrational healing energy healing and remote influence home study course uh valued at 1497. we're going to throw in that people reading for fun and profit two-day intensive 997 value you're going to be getting it for free you get that lie to me if you dare how to catch liar's crash course uh 97 and again the three-day uh virtual vip face reading super ticket and the the free video copies of the training to um to get that total value is actually 9 300 and uh or 9 000 32.00 total value today our total your your cost today if you want to grab it is one low installment of just 9.97 you get and you can start downloading this stuff immediately you can mix and match uh programs if you've got some of these courses uh mentioned in the package and you want to substitute something out stephanie can help you with that you get immediate instant access to these things you get that face reading super ticket if for some reason you can't make the fur the face readings event coming up in november and you want to move it towards golden path in january we will let you do that our super tickets do not expire if you get it today you have it until you use it right.

Now this is a very specific ticket. So you have to use it for a golden path or a face reading class. But if you have to wait until january to get into a class fine if you want to use it for the face reading class we've got coming up in april you can do that you have it until you use it it's transferable um and it starts today until until you use it okay. A lot of people love our vip tickets because they're the most user-friendly way to get the trainings you want and if you have questions we will help you customize your programs your packages.

So you get exactly the courses you need because we have three variations on this available and stephanie or brandon can help you go through that or you can you can break and you can break it down into three simple installments of just 3.99 take as much time as you need to pay it off usually their monthly installments and yeah. So the payment link is also available if you're interested we have a few slots left for the nlp class i believe that link is uh colon backslash www [Applause] slash events forward slash 2020 nlp hypno. I think that's the link i could be wrong. But um if not just reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 or stephanie at nlpal.com and she will make sure that you get taken care of i gotta tell you um she didn't know i was gonna say this.

But what to tell stephanie cannot get her on the phone chances are if you cannot get her on the phone it's because somebody else is already on the phone with her just keep calling remember that the vip ticket is only good until i end the webinar today after i log off if you're not amongst the. First 35 people to join in you can still get the videos. But you don't get that vip ticket okay. Um.

So that's again. So what would now be a good time to to to make those arrangements and and click those links stephanie can we get that link again for folks oh sorry um yeah stephanie will call you back and that's the face reading bundle remember you can customize them you do have payment plans um and you can start downloading and watching that stuff today and it's fun there's a lot of fun stuff going on there okay. So while you guys are are kind of finalizing that i'm gonna go ahead and pull up my chair and just. So i understand you better what questions do you have what other questions can i answer for you no.

Questions oh how do scars on the face affect reading very good. So scars always almost let me go back to um [Music] let me pause this chair for a. Second actually let me just stop it. So scars almost always indicate blocked energy.

So and what's interesting and this is this is where it gets into kind of a little bit of the woo-woo areas of face reading many times when you have a marking if you look. At the age markings on the face left women start on the on the right. Then they go to the left ear and. Then they come down the center of the forehead men start on the left jump to the right.

And. Then come down the center of the forehead many times when people have a scar or an issue and it manifests or they get that scar in an area that corresponds to an age they haven't reached yet it indicates that at some point in that life some at that time period something's going to happen it's weird in fact i just had a gentleman jonathan in my. Last face reading class he came up to me and he asked he asked i have this mark here does it mean something i said yes. And i looked at where the age the age corresponds on his face and i noticed it was in his 20s and i said have you had any accidents recently um and he said well yeah three years ago i said how old are you he said 28 and i looked at the age map and that scar was right.

At uh halfway through the 26th year 26 age 26. he'd had that scar since he was a kid. So big scar over my left eye. So scars are always indicate some kind of energy blockage now depending on how self-conscious you become how much you evolve yourself how much of your you clear if there's a marking that corresponds to a certain age that you haven't reached yet depending on what you do prior to that reaching that point chronologically you can mitigate it you can turn a potentially catastrophic event into just a bump in the road okay. And vice versa okay.

So let's let me go back here um. So yeah where are jing and shen located on the face you can monitor shen primarily through the eyes. And the light emanating from beneath the skin jing can be seen in the ears and the thickness and tensile strength of the ears as well as the bony contours of the face there's also hidden reservoirs of jing. So anytime you have a bony lump gaps in the teeth also indicate extra gene what do bags under the eyes.

Mean there's really two big um two big meanings for bags under the eyes. The. First one is usually unshed tears if they're dark it usually indicates uh adrenal fatigue or tired kidneys of some kind. But it's almost always a water metabolism issue of some kind or a spleen issue which is also water metabolism.

So um claudette says i have a big scar over my left eye the. First thing i would ask is a how old are you now was the scar there before the ages. So this is right. Around 20 late 20s early 30s is right.

Here okay. Was the scar there before the age of 20 or 30 and what happened at that time period right. About 28 to about 31 or 32. what happened in your life right. About that time right.

Um where do you start on a person's face that's a really great question and the answer is twofold it depends on how you're trained if you're trained in the classical school of face reading you start with the. First feature that jumps out at you okay. If you're trained in the david school start with the hairline you start with hairline and shape of forehead that's where you start okay. And the reason we do it this way is.

So that people can apply a systematic approach to identifying attributes and what they mean based on organic eye tracking patterns in other words if i'm going to do a classical face reading with you the. First thing i'm going to connect with you i'm going to get rapport and i'm going to fixate on whatever feature jumps out at me. First and i'm going to start unpacking that feature and that's a very inorganic intuitive process right. And it leads me in a non-linear way of unpacking your stuff if i'm profiling in other words i want to develop a personality profile.

Then i'm going to apply the systematic approach i'm going to start with the hairline shape of the forehead and i'm going to work down the the the front of the face based on organic eye tracking patterns when people look. At you when they connect and talk to you they do one of three things they either focus and gaze at your eyes. They gaze on your eyes. And.

Then they look. At your mouth or they us or they just look. At your mouth i should say or they go back and forth they look. At your eyes.

They look. At your mouth they look. At your eyes. They'll get your mouth and they just they just see saw back and forth.

So what i did when i developed my approach to profiling and using these things was i created a systematic approach as in and as paul posed the david snyder's approach right. The moment i walk up and i start profiling you if i don't decide to do the intuitive approach i'm going to just start at your hairline and the shape of your hairline the shape of your forehead the the width and the distance the three zones of the face and i'm just going to go down and i'm just going to start rattling off traits and putting together within 90 seconds a very powerful snapshot of you that usually is about 80 to 90 or accurate better right. How many people have done the the in class profiling right. I say profile that that face in 90 seconds right.

And we're accurate it's really really powerful both of them work don't get me wrong both of them work. But they have you know one is based more on an organic kind of new ag spiritual side the other one's more these are the traits these are what they mean just systematically create your profile from top to bottom right. So i hope that answers your question um there was a question about uh dj asked how did you jump from nlp to tcm what led you from one to the other honestly it was a combination of wanting to get better at kicking butt and meeting chicks i was led to each of these studies as a way of empowering one of those aspects of my life and as i got deeper and deeper into them i found out that there was a lot of overlap there was a lot of things where they were the same and. So it all came down to that that one those two words i began the webinar with which is pattern recognition right.

Um and once you understand how to do especially when i started studying hermetics i really started to understand that everything that's going on are patterns of principle that recur at every level of reality and nlp was all about identifying the patterns and calibrating them the martial arts i study was all about identifying the patterns and unpacking the things that weren't obvious and dissecting and reverse engineering them and tcm was all about pattern recognition and nlp is all about calibrating and understanding how to observe people and infer things from that martial arts was all about reading people's energies and knowing where they're weak where they're strong tcm was all about diagnosing people based on patterns of health and energetic function. So they're all different aspects that's why that diagram i showed you um is. So is. So important and we cover it really in depth this this diagram that i talked about is.

So. So important uh to understand our approach to change work oops this is this is where everything the martial arts the nlp the hypnosis the face reading the chinese medicine all of it comes together and when you put them together in the right. Way and you understand it properly you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts and you come you come away with a systematic approach to influencing people interpersonally yourself interpersonally spiritually metaphysically manifesting because all of these patterns are universal on the on the macro level and the the micro level and again how did i get it i don't know maybe i did something good in the past life maybe there's it's just part of my golden path if it works for you use it if it if it adds value to your life embrace it grab it jump in go as far into this material as as you want and use it for what you want need. But that's in in a very long kind of circuitous way is the answer to your question i hope um my eyebrows angled down does that mean i have empathy towards others yes.

Actually um there's a little bit more to it than that. But the short the short end of the stick is that yes. Uh paul says i just did one. Last night on facebook.

You did a reading yeah yeah i saw that that's why i mentioned it um elgo says scar on my left eyebrow what could it relate to i'm 46 to the date well yesterday and it has been there forever um left eyebrow did anything significant happen between 28 and 33 anything see any significant events happen yeah you move countries okay. There you go right. Uh and the script and the scar was probably there long before you hit your 30s true not true yep forever yeah excellent. So the fact that there's.

So much overlap that resonates with recognized same patterns and different dogs would this point to soul contracts we sign which lead us to repeat yeah if you embrace the con the idea of um pre-birth or pre-heaven agreements that you've made about fulfilling a certain thing or doing a certain behavior yeah yeah. But a lot of it can also be passed down genetically linearly uh my purpose is my purpose lines are pretty good my purpose lines are pretty good they can always get better susan says i have an old scar in my right. Eyebrow okay. Did anything significant happen between the ages of 28 and 30. when you have a scar on an age that hasn't happened yet it means something's coming something's waiting for you at that age and depending on how you go about unpacking it uh it can be a major life-changing issue or it can be just a little hiccup or fart in the breeze metaphorically speaking depending on what you do ahead of time okay.

All right. How are lines passed down genetically or emotional scars pat well if you research generational trauma which is the term they're using now uh the science the science shows us that trauma that our our grandparents experienced can be passed down up to nine generations down the bloodline they've seen this in fruit flies they've seen this with holocaust survivors um scar again a scar above the left lip means the same thing fiona it's it's you gotta look. At the the chronological orientation and um and and make extrapolations yeah the chinese say when you fix something in yourself you fix it 12 generations back and 12 generations forward the science i've seen shows nine generations. But it could be more right.

Again i the chinese were very very observant and they took. The long approach with a lot of these things that could be an indication just suicided um maybe yeah again you know here's here's the thing we need to understand is that when you look. At a marketing you know something happened. But you don't know what you know probably wasn't pleasant though in most cases.

So when you see a scar or a marking some moles are good some dimples are good. But as a rule you know something is did happen or something is going to happen. But you really can't tell what it is you may get an intuitive download about what it might be. But that's where you have to be more of an investigator rather than a profile or what i'm saying is um you know someone who's saying this is what it is as opposed to this is what it might be right.

Okay. Uh it's a it's a predictive element it means something is in your timeline waiting for you at that age it's literally exactly what i meant what i said okay. And we can talk about uh do you have a graphic on h yes. I do i do have a graphic um.

But by and large it won't do you any good because it won't be on you you won't be able to see it long enough to memorize it um. But for most the quick and easy way to do it if you're female remember that you start on the right. To age seven. Then you jump to the left from eight to thirteen and.

Then down the center fourteen to thirty okay. 40 50 60. So when you start looking and and the lines zigzag the line zigzag that's which is why i don't talk about that because it's and you have to reverse it for males males will start on the left go to the right. And.

Then down the center and they're exact opposite. So the best thing to do is learn the basic landmarks if you're male start on the left if you're female start on the right. Zero to seven eight to thirteen fourteen to twenty thirty forty fifty sixty that's the that's the easiest or 40s 50s 60s that's the easiest way to extrapolate what age of marking might occur yes. You can memorize the age map i don't um i probably will at some point is that in the facebook.

I talk about yes. Uh lillian bridges face reading in chinese medicine right. That's the the standard textbook. For my class 90 or more of the information in my face reading manuals is drawn from that book.

As well as annotations for others outside of the eyebrow would be sometime in your late 20s or early 30s okay. Unless it's all the way out here in which case it might be in your 60s or 70s right. Um okay. So once again uh for those of you who want to we'll do this more uh november 6 7 and 8 on our virtual face reading boot camp i hope you've uh you've gotten a lot out of this once again.

Last call for the face reading super package where you get the secrets of face reading home study course valued at 1497. you get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1497. absolutely free you're going to get the vibrational healing and remote influence super package 1497. yours absolutely free people reading for fun and profit two-day intensive 997 dollar value free live to me if you dare how to catch liar's crash course uh 97 value uh and that if you're one of the. First 35 to register today you're gonna get that three that free uh vip super ticket for our three day face reading virtual boot camp november 6th 7th and 8th uh 2020. you can it's totaled a total value of 9 484 85 total value today our total cost today if you want to grab it it's just one low installment of 9.97 or you can break that up into three easy payments of just 3.99. So that's all i got for you i want to thank you all for hanging out uh your questions as always were amazing uh and honestly um getting a chance to hang out and talk and share these things with you is one of the most thrilling and fulfilling uh aspects of my week and i always look. For excuses to do more of it for those of you who would like to have more of an ongoing relationship with me uh we've just launched three private levels on our youtube channel we have the gold the platinum and the diamond level the gold level the diamond level is our i want to work with david personally level and what what it is is that on the.

Third saturday of every month you get to come in and you get to i literally go around the room you'll be part of our virtual mastermind i'll literally go around the room and say elle what do you want to learn mikko what do you want to learn susan what do you want allegra what are you going to learn paul what do you want to learn claudette what do you want to learn i'm going to write those those things on the board i'm going to look. At them see where they all connect create a lesson plan on the spot and. Then for the. Next four hours i'm going to drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay.

In addition to that you'll get everything that's in our platinum program our platinum youtube program which is two live stream events private live stream events a month plus you get access to our facebook. Groups and you get access to our 10-year nlp mastermind mentoring archive uh that's the platinum level this is only the the diamond is 99 a month and you get all that stuff plus a 15 discount on every single one of our products and services including our webinar specials. So if you are a member of the the the diamond youtube channel you can take an additional 15 off the price of this webinar package if you're if you're a member in good standing okay. Um you also have the diamond level or the platinum level which is doesn't have the the hands-on training.

But it does have two live streams of me a month. First one is a special topic webinar where i literally pick a topic like lie detection romance secrets of personal transformation yada yada yada and i do a two hour event where i teach you that stuff i answer your questions and that's your personal time with me getting lectured on specific topics that i choose and on the. Third monday of every month there'll be a another live event where it's an ask me anything where you can literally ask me questions you missed on the. First live event or you can just ask me anything you want to know about face reading changing people influence dating tracks whatever it is it's three hours just you and me that's the platinum level of the youtube channel and.

Then for those of you who just want to you know have access to content that's never been released and early bird access to excerpts from some of our live events. Then you can do our gold level which is just 9.99 a month uh the platinum by the way is probably the best value unless you want the hands-on training with me which is still at bargain uh. So diamond is 99.99 a month uh platinum is 24.99 per month uh starting immediately and. Then gold is 9.99 a month and you get the shout outs you get a free thank you from me you get early bird access to um much of our unreleased content as well as the nlp mastermind archives.

So you can binge watch 10 years of content that nobody has ever seen. So if you're interested in you know in those kinds of things in addition to coming to our face reading classes i invite you to check that out and go ahead and sign up for it give it a try um give us your feedback on it especially tell us what we can do better tell us how we can make it even more of a value for you because we want you here we really love and respect and enjoy having you as part of our community you are the most important reason that we do what we do um and. So anything we can do to to really uh make this experience here on nlp our planet david or the transformation superhighway um we're going to do it. So i want to thank you all for coming out i love you all we'll talk to you very very soon um just stephanie want to throw that link in.

Last. Last call for one of those vip super tickets um it's worth it it's completely worth it at full price which will be at least 14.97 probably closer to 1950 if you wait to the. Last minute and uh we'll talk to you soon good night god bless.
