Title: Pressure Point Crash Course Finishing Points st 5 variations
File Name: q-Ib_fB7mP0.txt
Video Id: q-Ib_fB7mP0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-Ib_fB7mP0

Oh slight variation on this just if uh let me use steve slight variation on this strike comes in maybe i don't want to go here uh maybe i don't want to put him out i just want to give him something to think about. So instead of knocking him out why you wouldn't want to knock the guy out i don't know. But i take these two fingers i push up okay. So all i do is as i come in here it's i'm gonna go in.

So here's the trachea you guys can see this on this side right. Sternocleidomastoid is right. Here there's a little hollow pocket right. Up in here.

So if i want to play with this nerve again again same nerve just a slightly different different variation i can do one of two things i can come up and curl underneath okay. That gives me what i call an aversive neurological response his body is allergic to that movement it takes this structure makes it easy to hit somewhere else okay. But it gets him it gets him real broken up all right. Or i can i can go down i can divide that length you guys might want to come over here.

So you can see i can divide this length here by thirds. So. First. Third.

Second. Third. Third. Third right.

About here is what they call stomach nine on the acupuncture charts it's right. Over the it's it's right. Over the carotid sinus. So i can press in i'm not going to do that because steve has got a little bit of extra padding and because of the american diet many times when you jiggle that a lot of plaque builds up in there we don't want that.

So. But that's a real nice that's that's where the common karate chop goes you see every style. So we do pressure points whack and they whack you on the carotid sinus and they think okay. So if i want to distort his structure and as we get when we get into the systema portion we'll talk a lot more about structure and why it's important.

But i can come in straight okay. Or i can come up and in into this into the same stomach five point. So you have three four variations here you got one two three right. If i'm coming outside again i come straight into it if i want to sometimes if there's arm in the way like i was like you're wearing it with oran sometimes when there's arm in the way you can get a little extra little extra sting on it as you come in this way see how far away he is i want to i want to create a situation where i can activate more points.

But bring him to me. So all i do is fold my elbow and now he comes to me one of the things i want you guys to really get is i want you to start getting into the practice of never reaching for a target never reach for it you make it come to you. So instead of going huh as i'm here i'm going to bring it to me and that's what a lot of these movements that we started the class off with are about they're about bringing those points to you yes. You can use them to break an arm just locate the arm.

But strategically it's better to just knock the guy out to set the guy up and bring the guy structure to you than it is to try and do something weird does that make sense keep it simple a lot of us spend a lot of time i spent 30 years learning how to put people in all kinds of joint locks almost no. Time to anybody taught me how to get out of them right. Okay. So as i'm here i have this i have this i have this right.

Next point you guys want to practice this or should i go into the. Next point let's go practice it come around okay.
