Title: qbPnL97V31w.txt
Video Id: qbPnL97V31w
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbPnL97V31w

Alright. Well while we're waiting for the people to arrive since you guys got here kind of sort of early this is your chance to play ask. David anything since you braved the traffic came out to see us are we running by any chance let's get all the good questions on camera just in case are we running yes. We are okay.

What's your name again sir. Shawn welcome to. NLP power. I'm gonna do the formal introduction at exactly 7 o'clock.

But in the meantime what brought you out tonight what do you want take home everything every day. I always get that just yes. Have some cool all right. Well.

I'll try to give you a little little. I'll take you as far as. I can and the time we have. I'll show you where to go to get more that is my intention these events are always free there is no.

Obligation for anything that we offer on occasion. So please keep that in mind and we do give you a lot of cool stuff matter of fact we've often been told that the information we give away for free is better than the stuff most people charge for and. I'm proud of that. I'm proud of that.

So you sir. I see you every day you know one of our wonderful. WorldVentures bucket list people what brought you out tonight what is it you want to take home by the way. I like your pants you said this is your favorite it is one of my favorite classes definitely yeah it's one of the most fun classes you can have with your clothes on and sometimes not that's a different story okay.

How about you sir what do you want take home this day what's your name hey like you already anything. I want to give you we have lots of candy well hello again good to see you again sir how you been alright. Cool what would you like to learn today what would you like to take home we didn't issue. I would you you know your me we got we got history your million all saying right.

How about you sir what's your name hey. Steve bastard you've been in my meetups before right. No. First time you have a very familiar face you don't have to spend way too much time in the post office.

I'm not sure all right. But you want to have a faster building rapport if. I could show you how to do that and all kinds are really cool in mine obvious ways would that be fun cool. I'll do that.

Next week now we got to shake up some really cool stuff name for the camera please yes. Cool new nuggets. I'm all about the. Nuggets all about that no.

Get about dead man what's your name again for the camera oh wait we have mics this time. I need a mic runner though it's like that synth it's the sequel to. The. Kite.

Runner for the cameras. I'm always getting feedback from my people on. YouTube that nobody in the audience can ever hear the questions. So if you do have a question.

I'm gonna get as many of you in before we have to start as. I can just. So. I know how to target tonight's talk yes.

Building rapport okay. Starting a conversation we can do that whole can we do that pass it on down it was the son handoff go on hi. Karen okay. Well.

I'm depending on who you ask that could be any number of things and what particular thing that. I'm supposedly supposed to teach. So well would you like to learn something about dating don't do it. I'll slow down in a minute once the caffeine wears off oh well you've gone through some serious transformations yeah this give this guy a big round of applause he's done some hellacious change work on himself which you will never know anything about what.

I want to recognize his efforts for that pass it on yes. Sir okay. So there's a net growing in your head. I'm very cool pass it on she can say this.

I watched her make it work it was frightening that's the. Next seminar that's the $2,000 seminar $900. I teach you how to turn it on for $2,000. I show you how to turn it on very cool what would you like to see the let me give it a big explanation why.

I'm doing this hey you all read the same letter now many of you have been to my meetups before a lot of you honey for how many of you this is your. First time raise your hands very cool excellent that's what. I like to see. I'd love to see a nice mix of people who are return offenders and people who are new because that's what gets the word out about what we do.

But there's two reasons why that. I do this hey. I want to know you. I want to.

I mean. I'm up on here onstage which there's an evolution in of itself believe me. But the truth is. I want to know each and every one of you as best.

I can the other part is you all read the same letter you also all the different things that. I offered in that letter. But there was one or two key things that separated you from every idea everybody else from the 12,000 other people who read that letter that made you want to come out tonight across town through traffic over the river and through the woods to come to a very weird pyramid shaped building in the middle of nowhere and. I want to know what that is.

So. I can give it to you because. I'm as politically incorrect as it sounds. I do play favorites.

I love my internet audience. I really do. I really love all of you. But the people who actually put their butts in the chair you guys are the ones who deserve everything.

I have to give. But. I don't know how to target that unless. I ask.

So. I do. So if you're wondering why. I'm doing what.

I'm doing that's why. I want to know you. I want to know where to go you know the. First time just cool.

So you wanna know about. NLP very cool let's just pass this on hello. I am hi. Rita welcome oh very cool thank you and we started with.

Sean. So we'll just pass this back to. Katie okay. So which one you want the fun of the profit okay.

I like that answer. I like that answer energy. Joe what do you know. Oh ad complaining that's the $3,000 seven.

But. I have to do that out of the continental. United. States or in.

Nevada all right. Pass it on pass the magic wand hi mom hi. John well thank you we gotta get shoes out of your head and into the world all right. Cool pass the baton we're coming up on oh we're right.

Ed can we how fast huh everybody talk like chipmunks hi. Elise welcome to my world won't you come on in okay. Excellent hi. Sharon yeah what is it you want to take home with you if there was no.

Other nothing. But one of the two things that you really wanted to learn tonight you went home with that you felt like you would you've got your your money's worth what would that be some of you guys go get that tomorrow not a freaking clue how to approach people okay. That's something tangible how to approach. I got stuff on approaching that will just blow your minds and [ __ ] terrify you at the same time are you off the hook.

Now you're never off the hook. How do i is the $5,000 seminar cool as long as that's the key word tonight what fun ladies and gentlemen if you ain't having fun you ain't getting any further it's that simple we got to get we got to get playful no. If ands or buts about it the more playful you become the more attractive you gang okay. How many people have ever done any kind of online dating okay.

Now the rest of you were lying raise your hands now you are going to hear me pick on men tonight you are going to hear me pick on women tonight. I am an equal-opportunity picker right. And there's a reason one of the things. I love about these meetups and one of the reasons that this is one of my favorite meetup to teach in addition to just getting playful and getting silly and using the the skills and techniques of.

NLP to help that happen is. I get to watch the look. Of horror on your face when you realize what you're doing is that how what you're doing is interpreted by the other gender you can laugh now it's not that bad and the reason that. I do.

I love having men and women in the same room at the same time and they're. I realize that what. I'm about to say there are exceptions to the rule and most of what. I'm going to teach you tonight is targeted at the rule not the exception does that make sense for every example that.

I give you can find a counter example. I get that. But by and large what. I'm going to be sharing with you tonight is what the majority of things you will encounter or have encountered and didn't realize you were encountering them that's the other part where.

I see look. What. I start to explain certain behaviors or the genesis of certain behaviors that both genders engage in you see if you don't understand how to interpret what the other side is doing you're gonna be stuck getting what you've been getting which for most of you is frustrated alone and generally just pissed off like me for many years where. I didn't date anybody.

But appendages you won't go there a couple of caveats tonight by the way if politically incorrect language offends you not a good place for you tonight okay. If straight talk offends you not a good place okay. If solidity if swear words or politically incorrect metaphors. I don't even have to say it do it right.

We got to get playful we got to stop taking ourselves way too seriously that being said. I promise you at some point tonight. I will offend somebody it's not personal okay. I'm out to offend as many people as.

I can for therapeutic reasons you see until you get something until something triggers you you don't know where the pain points are you don't know where to look. In that minefield. So tonight's tonight's idea is to have fun and to be playful. But at some point you will find certain things that are certain places you just won't want to go it's okay.

Don't go there that being said the more participatory you get tonight the more you're going to get out of this. I'm gonna teach you some things about unconscious communication that are. So powerful that even when you know they're being done you can't fight them okay. Tonight.

I'm gonna go a little bit off the reservation and. Then. I'm gonna let you guys actually partner up and do things yes. You're going to have to partner up with complete strangers and get them to like you huh oh [ __ ] my capable boarding workshop.

But he made me try to make people like me you'd be amazed somebody you'll like get freaked out by that because they want to come in and take notes like taking a note is gonna help you know taking a note is not going to help you getting off your butts and doing the drills and getting the skills that's gonna help you okay. So a couple other things this means yes. Everybody go this means yes. This means no.

There will be a test this means. I know the answer please call on me this means. I don't know the answer. So don't waste your time calling on me this is oh [ __ ].

I hope he doesn't call on me all right. Very good. So here's the. First.

First drill we're gonna do tonight workshop is. I'm flirting for fun and profit we're gonna start with the nuts and bolts. So we're gonna go wherever it leads us everybody stand up. I'll give you my pedigree after this oh.

I thank you. I'd like to thank the. Academy or the institution whichever one brought me here all right. First things.

First. I want you to look. Immediately to your left and immediately to your right. Find a human being has an appendage not that one they're handed em you reach out extend your hand look.

Them in the eyes. And go that's right. Look. Them in the eyes.

Feel ridiculous embrace your inner goofball make a game out of it see you how many can rack up the highest number of raspberries. I'm telling you this is entertainment value for me all right. Give yourselves a big round of applause have a seat now that does two things out of the way my name is. David.

Steiner this is. NLP power slash all things. San. Diego slash.

NLP today slash slash slash. I have a. I have a sir. I'm a certified master practitioner and trainer in neuro linguistic programming.

I'm certified through the founder dr. Richard. Bandler and the. Society of.

NLP. I have authored over 15 different products on advanced forms of human communication specialized human influence technologies as. I like to call it code name [ __ ] and it's some crazy [ __ ] let me tell you when you get this [ __ ] together when you get this [ __ ] down no. [ __ ] is good right.

So over 15 different products and all forms of human influence including conversational-hypnosis attraction in dating advanced sales and performance. I see. I have a clinic in. Solana.

Beach where my specialty there is treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion. So. I don't get you know the average thing a hypnotist gets. I'm also a master trainer and hitting it hit and master hypnotist.

So yeah have some. I've been a martial artist for over 30 years. I have a ninth degree black belt in. Okinawan kepone karate.

I have a certified black belt or a certified instructors ranking in combat. Systema second-degree black belt and kosher. Kempo. I'm a licensed acupuncturist and diplomate of oriental medicine.

I have more energy credentials than. McDonald's sells hamburgers and every time. I go through this pedigree people you think. I'm bragging or trying to compensate for something.

So you decided stompy you wait a minute what the hell sorry graphic repeating all right. Why am. I telling you this because there's one other credential that makes it extremely relevant why. I'm standing up in front of you here tonight in 2005 while.

I was going through my internship in acupuncture school. I wrote a program our about program a course it's called secret orgasm tips okay. It was a program designed specifically to teach men how to become the lover every woman fantasizes about yes. And within a year that was one of the top-selling courses on.

Clickbank is's before the advent of a lot of stuff you see on. Amazon and things like that in 2005. I was reading over the top 10 attraction experts of the. Year by art of approaching in seduction layer com the reason that's relevant is because one idea wasn't because.

I was really good at going out and getting lots and lots of women that wasn't really my claim to fame although to do what. I do that's kind of a given right. It was because. I developed a system that would allow people to tap into the most important things in another human beings life both physically sexually emotionally and give it to them and.

Then show them how to take them even further than what even their fantasies were about now it was based on this concept which is directly from. NLP called the checklist now there's this thing in. NLP we call criteria values. I will explain that.

Later. But for now just think of it as a checklist every human being in this room has a checklist in their unconscious that lets them know the exact right. Way to kiss the exact right. Way to be kissed the exact place they want to be touched how they want to be touched when they want to be touched ad infinitum all the way to that age-old equation one plus one equals three and what.

I did in that course was teach men who are dumb as rocks because we are ladies we know and get that okay. I'm on your side what's teach a man how to pay attention to you to know exactly without fail exactly where you want to be touched in the way you want to be touched how to kiss you in the way you want to be kissed the way you've always fantasized and never told anyone where you wanted it to happen now just as a little quiz and guys pay attention please ladies if you met a guy who knew exactly what to say exactly where to touch you when it was okay. To touch in exactly the right. Way as if he'd just read your mind literally and he gave it to you in a way that was absolutely right.

What would you not do for that person that's what. I did that's where. I go was the course. I created in 2005 for people it's still available although numerous google slaps have kind of removed it from the radar for most people.

But there were three levels to it. I only released the. First level and. I was already getting phone calls from couples all over the world saying thank you you saved our marriage okay.

So this is why. I'm standing up here in front of you because if you take the things. I'm going to share with you tonight and believe me if this is the scope of every single thing that. I could teach you about this subject topic if there's the scope of everything.

I can teach you about the topic tonight we have time for this. So. I'm going to take you no. Pun intended as far as.

I can in the time that we have and. I'll show you where to go to get more. I have a list of reminders on this board they're not meant for you to read because there's no. Way in.

God's green earth you're gonna read that cuz. I can't do it. I just happen to know what. I wrote.

So it's better right. You're gonna be very very very happy with the results that you get out in the real world because it's all about real-world results okay. I'm gonna teach you some things based on neuroscience based on social dynamics based on. NLP a few things on conversational-hypnosis they're all ethical they're all honest and a lot of them were designed for women to be used on men is that fair okay.

Here's the. Next part of tonight's nomenclature when. I ask you a question you must respond vivid the vehemently and enthusiastically like you really actually want the answer could that be right. By the way the other reason that.

I got you up and shaking each other's hands and doing all those crazy things is for two very important reasons a because. I'm a conversational just. I can't in fact get you to do things you don't want to do the other part is we have to get over this idea of feeling silly being playful of approaching a completely anonymous or distinctive even though. I know.

Marietta from years and years he was on the. First people that come to one of my meetups. Oh give her a round of applause she actually came to one of my martial arts meetups and chased me with an. Escrima stick in a knife.

But that's a different story for another day walking up to a complete stranger and being willing to be silly being willing to be playful and not caring about the response that you get that's the secret when you can do that on a consistent basis when you can turn on the playful switch you're gonna be amazed at the kind of charisma you're going to generate because at the end of a see what happens a lot of times as the guys come in they all want the magic words when. I approach it what do. I say to her well it doesn't really matter because if your body language isn't right. If the feelings in your body aren't right.

Nothing that comes out of your mouth can be and this is science this is not. David just standing up here now a lot of the things. I've been teaching for over a decade have. Finally scienter.

Oh science social - social psychology has. Finally come around to validating and we're it relevant. I will point those things out. But when it comes to approaching when it comes to for both genders both sides have issues with approaching or being approached.

But they're different guys every time we look. At a beautiful woman the. First thing that happens is we play these movies in our head. First of all if she's really hot the.

First thing that comes out of our brain is oh my god right. She's hot and we start playing all these movies about all the things we could be doing and that's great except. Then the other movies start we start playing movies of us being vividly rejected by this wonderful mewing being who we've just pinned our entire self-worth on. I'll give you an example one of my students very cool guy and his uh early to mid 50s went to a liquor store one day saw this beautiful woman about the same age and.

I give idli recall this story he says to me he says this is how it went because. I saw myself there and. I saw her and. I saw in my mind walking up to her introducing myself we get into this amazing conversation yeah we chat for 10 or 15 minutes she gives me her number.

I call her up we start going out we start having a ball we fall madly in love we're about to get married and. Then we have this horrible breakup. So. I never approached her we do this ladies we do this okay.

You don't see us before this you see us this is what you see when we walk up okay. This is what's going on our head okay. Because even though we're walking up we're trying to look. Cool in our mind we're saying guys they have a different problem with us most ladies aren't afraid of being approached what they're afraid is you won't get the message that the interview is over and.

Then they'll get into an interview car and interaction that they can't get out of you see their socialization has gaps in it too most of the things that a woman pays attention to are. So subtle that they fly right. Under a guy's radar. So by the time they've reached well in our in our vernacular the guy in guys speak we call the [ __ ] shield you know this this is where she was also a wonderful and accommodating all of a sudden she turned green got a pointed nose she open her mouth a little light went on inside like a refrigerator right.

And we got frozen out completely you missed all the earlier attempts that she was giving you that this interview was over it's time to move on and it's not your fault ladies it's not your fault either each of you involved a very very specific set of cues a checklist there's that word again that you use to parse reality that you use to understand what's going on around you here's the. Rob anybody here know what the work the term projection is good this means yes. And this means no. This means.

I know the answer this means. I don't let's not confuse the signals shall we. So what happens is this the cues ladies that you're sending off are blatantly obvious to every woman in the room guys are like really the problem is is that guys we pay attention to signals that are much more blatant much more obvious and if a guy and if you were to relate to a guy in the signals that he actually responds to every other woman in the place would go what a [ __ ] she's practically holding up a sign yes. Because we're stupid we need a sign some of us guys you could literally walk up to us and go and some of us would sit there and go wonder what he meant by that right.

So we need to understand how to translate the signs and the signals that the other side is giving neither side is wrong. But you evolve very differently because of evolution you would evolve in ladies evolve a much much greater ability to perceive subtle body language you can see five six seven eight women in a in a group and you know it and everyone in that room knows instantly when the conversation is over and we're going what the [ __ ] to happen right. Guys you get your room full of people especially guys and the. First thing that happens is the fight for control okay.

Everybody's jockeying for the. Alpha position and for the. First 5 10 15 minutes it's organized chaos until the pecking order who the alpha male is established is is established and. Then everybody falls in line and they take on very very identifiable behaviors why they're the hunters they're the gatherers evolutionarily their biology is such that they have to go out see it do.

I eat it do. I kill it do i fornicate with it drag home. I see it do it because the reproductive burden fell on women for. First ever long since we crawled out of the ocean you needed a different set of skills you needed to develop a way to create very intricate very complex very supportive social networks you needed to be able to gauge and understand what the behaviors you were experiencing actually meant and learn how to judge it really based on that because part of your evolution is learning how to get somebody with access to the resources to do things for you because you couldn't necessarily do them for yourself because you had other things to worry about does that sound even remotely true this means yes.

This means now okay. And. So you we've all very very different mechanisms for learning how to sort reality the problem isn't that either and neither of your systems are wrong it's just what you're sending off is. So early in there and.

So far off their regular radar what they pay attention to that unless somebody who stands up on a stage and doesn't makes weird penis jokes or something like that calls their attention to it you won't notice it and you won't be able to translate. So my job here is in having both genders in the room is to teach you how the other side perceives what's going on. So you can change a little bit. So you can understand things differently.

So when. I say guys we make all kinds of movies in our head about being rejected women want you to approach they truly do the problem is they're terrified that they're gonna get themselves into an interaction that they can't get themselves out of because there's a little bit of a gap between how there's you know the degree you know how in. I'm gonna use a male metaphor here there might be one in the female world. But you know the varying degrees of the force acceptable force continuum and in police work you know if somebody else you know.

Pig you're not a lot of get pull your gun out and shoot him well that's changing isn't it sorry that's quite politically incorrect humor. But there's an escalation right. In female socialization there's actually a bit of a gap in there in that there's a few things that they do that kind of signal you know it's not kind of going there no. It's not let's just be friends.

But we don't get it and they keep running the same rack and they keep kind of stepping up the intensity until. Finally their left foot dude [ __ ] lean right. That's pretty much what they're left with and it's not that they want to do that hope. I'm right.

About that it's not that you guys want to do that would that be true it's that you just don't know how to get the message across. So. I'm gonna give you a few little one-liners not zingers. But one-liners that allow you to kind of build in that force continuum of ways to extricate yourself from interactions that may not be going in the direction you want to at the same time.

I'm gonna give you guys some very cool ways to kind of get your head in the game no. Pun intended. I don't really like that term of the game. I don't like the word seduction either actually it's one of the words.

I hate the most even though it's one that everybody recognizes. I much prefer attraction relating and relation to one another. So be that as it may. So the.

First thing we're gonna do is we got to get playful we gotta have fun how many people here can feel good for no. Frickin reason for a giant bow. So you can feel good for no. Reason.

I'm coming to your seminar damn. First things. First. I want you to.

Lisa these are cool drills that. I do with everybody. But they're ones that will allow you to get into whatever body stage you need to be in to do the work you need to do when. I say work that could be walking up to somebody you don't know and introducing yourself it could be a board meeting it could be anything how many people have ever heard of a.

TED talk called power poses by. Amy cutting okay. That's your. First assignment if you have not seen that video go to.

YouTube it is free watch it it will blow your mind because what. I'm about to share with you if some of it is actually science that was validated in power poses it's also some things that. I've been teaching for almost 20 years that science has. Finally got around to validating and it's all about your body you know we talked about the magic words you know what what do.

I say to a one or what do. I say to a guy to make him fall madly in love with me it's not has nothing to do with the words you speak and science has proven this - there's another book. I'm gonna give you a very long reading list. So you can check my work it's called honest signals honest signals by.

Alexander. Pentland he was a researcher out of. Stanford okay. And what he discovered there were four unique channels of information that social.

Then internet people use to communicate in socially competitive environments everything from dating to negotiate interrogation interviews and. So forth and if you understand these four channels of communication you can predict with a. Third depending on where you pick up the information between the 30 and 70% accuracy what decision is going to be made in the. First 30 seconds without any words being spoken this is how powerful this information is there's four channels remind me.

I'll come back to them because they're not directly relevant tonight. But peripherally they're relevant and. I say that not because. I want to hold the information from you.

But when. I have tried to teach the honest signals component to people who haven't had at least a couple of levels of other training and body language. First the lights just shut off they can't perceive it yet okay. But trust me if you read the book.

All the science is there the channels are there you'll be able to extrapolate it you'll be able to find out when these things were true. But what we're gonna do now is we're going to learn how to control our body and our emotion or our unconscious mind we're going to learn how to turn it on and off like a switch any state we want anytime we want we're gonna start with a few basic exercises from. Amy. Cuddy's power poses now in that particular video there were three poses that she isolated what was called the victory pose and we ever seen anybody ever like win and just your hand just go up like this unconsciously right.

Very cool the. Next one is called the. Wonder. Woman pose.

But there one. I call the gorilla the gorilla is if you ever seen him son a. CEO at a board meeting it just kind of goes. I'm not gonna recommend we do that one because we're.

San. Francisco that's gonna be taken in a completely different way. I just lost my entire readership at. San.

Francisco. I love you. Anyway. But.

Anyway. So we're going to start with this we're gonna do a two minute posture now while we're doing this. I'm going to relate to you in a non-gay way that what exactly ami discovered in her research was that when you hold those poses and these poses specifically. Then we're going through right.

Now in as little as two minutes your testosterone goes up by as much as 25% is there any male in this room who couldn't use a 25% bump in their testosterone exactly ladies any lady system that could use a 25% bump in their testosterone say yes. Why why do. I say that because testosterone is the achievement hormone testosterone allows you to be assertive it allows you to be dominant it allows you to go for what you want okay. Empathy our estrogen is the empathy hormone okay.

You want to see a guy turn into a doormat watch all this testosterone turn into estrogen and it'll become the exact kind of guy that you think about having and. Then once you have them you can't wait to get rid of them because all he does is kiss your ass we'll talk about those things right. Some of the things that socialization teaches us on the surface seem like a great have something that we really want to have. But unfortunately there's drawbacks to them that undermine our relationships most.

God most women think that they want a guy who's all sensitive and. Conda until they actually have one and. Then they wind they wish for the spark and the vigor and the excitement and the moon lighting and the dynamic. Then.

I need dynamism in the electricity back you have to have a balance you have to be similar enough that you guys can connect and feel comfortable and secure with each other. But different enough that you remain exciting and that's the rub okay. Anybody feels more dominant now. I know.

I do. I just grew a beard very cold all right. Put your hands down don't sit down yet okay. Next drill is gonna be very very simple.

I want everybody to imagine a time in your life. I remember a time in your life this is even better when you you nailed something you want for something like you saw something that you really really be wanted. I mean anyone like lustfactor like ten to the twenty of them right. And you decided that you were gonna get it no.

Matter what and you made a plan yes. I don't care what it is as long as it's something that you want to use as a resource okay. Because we've gotten home this was the base now we're gonna get a little bit more artistic. I don't care what it was as long as it gives you the feelings you want to have more of okay.

It could be a board you know a business that you put in operation could be a project you want. I don't care what it is as long as it follows the parameters it's something you wanted more than anything you decided you were going to get it what you made a decision to go for it you made a plan made a plan you put that plan into operation and you nailed it home run and what. I want you to do is. I want you to think back to that time remember that time.

I want you to see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt most importantly. I want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment. I want you to breathe the way you were breathing in that moment when you know you when you realized you nailed it it was yours you owned it. I want you to feel that feeling come flooding back to you and as you do that.

I want you to notice where in your body that feeling lives just point to where you feel it. I don't care where it is excellent now imagine that floating somewhere in the space around you is a picture that represents that event that moment that feeling just reach out and touch it now take both of your hands trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know exactly how big it is both of your hands follow instructions damn you never have it and. I want you to expand it like the window on your iPhone make it as big as an.

IMAX movie theater screen and notice what happens to the feeling in your body oh my frigging. God. I may never leave the house cool bring it back to its original size. I know.

I know it's depressing well it closer to you without changing the size of it now pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feet what happens excited it good [ __ ] wait it's getting better lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice what happens to the feeling in your body you like that [ __ ] don't you oh wait. I got more okay. And. I'm done let's just finish this.

I want to explain. So much rabbit lift it up over your head now you can have this back in just a moment. But for the sake of the drill for the sake of the exercise just follow instructions you guys know what a frisbee is right. Once you've imagined that this thing just turned into a frisbee float all the way behind you all the way behind back behind the horizon.

Marieta what just happened it's gone oh [ __ ] what just happened you're feeling still there you're lying he is tested my lie detection skills he went you're lying very good. Alec it will notice the feeling one away or a chance how many pillow line that's alright. If it didn't go why you didn't throw apartment great for the. Next part lift your hands up imagine you have big old vacuum cleaners in your hands or magnets whichever works better pull that image bag and now what.

I want you to do is. I want you to put it where you like it the best where it's the strongest and most wonderful most satisfying feeling ever and just put it right. Where you want it cheer neurology we're teaching you how to run it and the let those feelings merge into every level of your body every level of your mind want to become a natural part of the way you move and when you know what's locked in when you know you've got it try to turn it off and notice what happens instead can turn it off oh [ __ ]. I mean you're stuck feeling good damn you.

Skywalker. Anyway good stop it gets better close your eyes. And look. Inside at that feeling notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color.

First depression don't have to tell me just know what it is as you look. At that color. I want you to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction notice what directions it's spinning and here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to reach in grab that color take it out hold it in your hands in front of you. First thing. I want you to notice is did the color change or stay the same. First impression say the same excellent now grab it notice it's spinning in a certain direction right.

I want you to spin it like a wheel in the direction it's already moving it's double the spin double the speed don't get your body involved go to the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot whoo notice the change notices this new program works its way deeper and deeper in your nervous system any program that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions the nervous systems going to be in the shed it's gonna begin the purge like a snake shedding its skin you may notice you start to sweat you may notice things start to twitch some people yawn some people laugh some people choke some people just go it's kind of fun to watch don't try to measure it don't try to manage it just let the process happen yeah when you know it's done try to turn it off and notice what happens instead you can't turn it off you mean. I'm walking up to complete strangers while we're friends now and make it an evening giving you guys feelings you can't turn off anybody else will know how to do that no. That's a superpower guys and you all got it and here's the best part while holding onto this feeling. But holding onto the posture while holding onto the breathing without changing anything you ready try to feel bad keep your posture and your breathing exactly the same try to feel bad no.

She can't do it why well aside from the neural linguistic stuff we just did there is no. Power on this planet that can override your physiology there is no. Emotional state no. Context or environment that can change your state without changing your physiology.

First as long as you're in control of your posture in your breathing you can be in any state you want no. Matter what's going on around you that's the magic has nothing to do with the words it has everything to do with the feelings that make sense that's why. I had you start with something that's gonna make you unstoppable out there in the field. So now every time you see something you want you're gonna decide you want in it you're gonna make a plan you're gonna put the plan into operation and you're gonna nail it because those resources are already inside of you you just have to find them and all you have to do to reactivate that state is remember how you were standing now we'll prove it it won't go one step further okay.

But for this one. I want you all to turn and face the wall. So you're not looking at my eyes. When.

I should have. I know you're not looking at my ass. But this behind you that's a different shoe all right. Now.

I want you to remember a time in your life when things didn't quite go. So well they didn't work out quite the way you planned it was a little disappointing maybe you walked up to somebody and they vomited on your shoes or maybe you just picked up the phone and they said no. Doesn't really matter well. I want you to do is.

I want you to see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt. But most importantly. I want you to remember exactly how you were standing or sitting what was your part what was your what was your posture in that moment how are you breathing and all. I want you to do is let those old feelings those old feelings come back that's less than positive and as you do that.

I want you to pay attention to exactly how you're standing exactly how you're breathing and once you know you've got the feeling without changing your posture without changing your breathing try to feel good. I notice you can't do it now while holding on to this negative feeling is fiercely as humanly possible all. I want you to do is shift your body back to the good physiology the good posture the good breathing. But hold on to that negative feeling do your best notice what happens instead you can look.

Up here now around look. Up here keep that good posture though roll them shoulders back what's your name sir yes. You. Christian.

Christian pass the mic to. Christian. I just got to talk to a guy with hair like that that's cool. Christian what you notice.

I noticed that all of that all that. So the minute you shifted back. I'm paraphrasing. But the minute you shifted the physiology back to the positive posture in spite of consciously trying to hold on to the negative feelings.

Then went away yes. Okay. I put that in your mouth pass the microphone to some other willing participant or unwilling participant in this case what did you notice even though my instructions were to hold on to the negative feeling as much as you could. I said what.

I said was while holding onto the negative feeling ship it back to the positive posture and try to hold on to it. But that's okay. That's a good thing pass it on down to the show. Nader that's right.

That's called the cranial rectum. II what did you notice oh my goodness turning around excellent pass it on to some other unwilling participant this is a very interactive workshop you might have noticed that this my teams of my body is that red perfect one more two more to go change your posture damn it she's had it already and now we're you see how no. Think about the game is rigged. I knew you wouldn't be able to do it why.

I've been doing this with thousands of people for twenty years okay. The only time people can hold on to a negative emotion is by shifting their physiology back understand that you can't hold on to a negative emotion if your physiology doesn't match the state if you understand anything if you really get it. I mean really get it no. One can push your buttons ever again unless you believe them okay.

It's not about the words it's not about willpower the sad and depressing fact about willpower and human beings as most of us have none okay. When your body goes into a certain level of emotional stress the. First thing that checks out is your rational mind the part of you that works off of willpower it's often been said that people will forget what you say. But they will never forget how you made them feel well how you make them feel goes directly to what you're feeling in your body you want to be flirty you want to be fun you want to be charismatic you want to be attractive you got to get to control your body you got to get back in your body well we live in a culture that systematically pulls us out turns us into a bunch of.

Talking. Heads we relate to a monitor or a computer screen we need to relate to people we need to get back into the meet. I'm a supernatural fan. So everything.

I'm gonna have some television reference right. Just pass the mic up here. But have a seat thank you now our. First drill tonight is going to be we're going to learn a little bit about body language 101 okay.

We got to get playful you got to get fun. So we're gonna do a couple of other really cool drills anybody mind getting anybody here have a substance abuse problem that. I need to know about chocolate abuse now thank you for reminding me we have lots and lots and lots of hormonal a substance in the room. I mean chocolate.

I'm sorry one of the things that we need to understand about this whole feel-good for no. Reason idea is this idea of what was called neuroplasticity the more oxytocin which is the hormone that mediates and is secreted by pleasure states in the body is a powerful neurotransmitter that changes our neurology it allows our nervous system to lay down new types of learning over the existing learning regardless of how long that learnings been there if you think of the nerves or the nerve cells in your body kind of. I always thinking like an imager like chicken wire is okay. Well if you don't you've ever seen floats made with those those.

But with a thin wire that you can shape and stuff like that that's how can. I kind of see all the neurology in the brain and what. I think of when. I think of oxytocin hitting that system you took.

A blowtorch and just slowly ran the blowtorch over the wire until it got really really soft and pliable and. Then reshaped it and when it hardened it became something else that's kind of what you see tosin when it hits your system starts to do if you can secrete it in enough in a high enough dose and keep the system there in that environment for long enough periods of time you can literally rewrite any behavior okay. It's also the bonding hormone it's the hormone that mediates pair bonding between a mother and child a wife and a husband it's it's a place of primary role in many types of. OCD fetishes things of that nature and it is the most powerful hormone for learning now guys have another one that we that works off we work off the called vasopressin.

But for all intents and purposes. I'm just gonna refer to that oxytocin vasopressin as oxytocin just to keep it simple when. I'm getting too much into the biochemistry my wife has a. PhD in biochemistry by the way.

So. I get this [ __ ] long. I'm gonna hear about okay. But a couple of ways that.

I can get you to a place where. I could start to install good stuff into you and you can just do these things automatically it's a by getting you in as many different pleasure states as possible now the most oxytocin is released during intense continuous orgasm we won't be doing that tonight. I know. I know.

I know it sucks another way we can do it is by hugging for 20 minutes or longer probably logistically not effective. But we're gonna do that right. We're gonna get a friendly way to get in that friendly. I can make you laugh a whole lot.

I could give you. I can make you access pleasure states as often as. I can and. I can give you lots and lots and lots of chocolate because it's naturally occurring in chocolate.

So the more chocolate you eat the faster you change and. I also do weight loss. So please during the breaks or what have you eat it's all free there's nothing again absolutely as much coffee as much water trust me you'll thank me. Later one way or another alright.

So since this whole that idea of the body right. We got to get playful we got to do all these things is there any way that we can use our body to get playful not that one when you think about posture and think about body language okay. When we say somebody is we think of somebody as honest as being very have a house a high moral character how do we describe those people upright. Cheater she's been in my seminars before any other body type words that we use to describe somebody who's ethical and honest and has a good character upstanding open look.

In the eye okay. He's a stand-up guy here's the thing you need to understand about your brain your brain has different layers to it and each of those layers processes a different kind of information. But many of those kinds of information overlap there's a set there's a subsystem in. I forget if it's a neuroscience or biology it's called embodied cognition and what they discovered was that the same parts of your brain that process physical warmth also process emotional warmth.

So your brain is simultaneously literal analogical and metaphorical and. So when these words come out of our mouth they're literal indicators of what our neurology is sorting for or how our neurology codes things that's the science of. NLP it's the study of how your nervous system codes its experience. So it knows what to do in a given situation right.

So we talk about people who are honest and upright. And ethical we call him a stand-up guy he's straight as an arrow right. He's open. But what about people who aren't who aren't ethical who aren't honest who aren't straight up what do we call those people crooked shifty what is it con artists and.

Liars right. But that's not the body language. I'm the body language terminology. I'm looking for right.

And a good car house just body language done. So well unless you are really really good you won't see it coming all right. But there are certain kinds of people that are con artists sorting for and you usually have a hole in their values that's the rub of is most. Conners only go after a greedy people didn't know that did you not that doesn't mean they're not doesn't mean that they're not ethical or honest or good people it just means that there's something they really really want and they're willing to cut some corners to get it and that's the kind of person that a commerce is looking for more often than not that's their that's the.

Achilles heel. But getting back to the whole body language idea someone's crooked they're bent they're shifty now do you know in theater if they wanted to describe if they wanted to convey to the audience the kind of person or character that was being portrayed on stage depending on whether the person was very cerebral was very heart centered and giving or very lusty that's the part of the body they would lead with because it conveys a very powerful visceral image to the neurology you get it how does this relate to flirting flirting has a body language it has a posture and regardless of what you consciously want the minute you hit that posture you can't help yourself everybody started to giggle crooked people are dishonest honest people are upright. Flirty people are mysterious you open up a. Playboy magazine or men's magazine or woman's magazine you don't see the models going do you how are they how are they part no.

Pun intended how are they spread out. I think. Usha reptile brain a little bit there you see them in these postures these asymmetrical angular postures are we stand up this is how pervasive this is all right. All.

I want you to is stand up straight the big guys smile on your face okay. And. Then um. I want you to get a little a little leading and notice what happens to the feelings in your body kind of goofy it kind of miss.

GV is kind of playful you mean if. I just did that for two two minutes. I could actually have a different mindset yes. It's a tactical use of posture.

So that you can take on the states that you need to be in. So that no. Matter what comes out of your mouth it will be effective here's how it actually works most of us go looking for the right. Words to cause people to feel a certain way.

So they will behave a certain way. So they'll do we want true or not true it's exactly the opposite because what we're taught to do is give people facts and figures we're taught to talk to the newest level of his brain the neocortex you guys know yet cabaret have a seat we'll come back to this all right. You guys know you have three brains right. Who does not know they have three brains and it's not the one below your waist.

But it is connected all right. Okay. Raise your hands if you do not know okay. Well that's where we started which way.

I want to honest people in the. Roman all right. This is your brain on. David oh it's small this is the nuit the oldest layer of your brain is called a paleo cortex okay.

It is your reptile brain it does not think in emotions it does think in feelings though and we talk about feelings we're talking about primal drives primal urges okay. Do. I eat it do. I kill it do.

I talk with it. I will it give me more stuff it's also the one that things friend-or-foe move the jeans forward important concept when we start looking at how to relate to another human being the agender we have to look. At that particular aspect remember something your genes don't go to heaven the jeans stay here. So the reptile brains job is designed to do anything and everything that moves the jeans forward and mended that means we beat it over the head and we kill it we take it home we either eat it skin it or do whatever we do to it all right.

And ladies that means we find ways to ally with it ways to control it please to understand it and lay it to utilize it all right. Both our reptilian one is got to remember society to the reptile is a survival mechanism there are four important when it comes to flirting and it comes to attraction female neurology is hardwired to sort for high resource high status human beings okay. And pickup terms we call it a terraria game who has the most money who's the strongest who has that the greatest degree of health these are all sort of our heritable traits that lead to enhanced survival does that make sense. So when we talk to the reptile brain and we speak and address that level.

First all the younger levels of the brain follow it okay. Anytime. I want 20 minutes more attention for you. I'm gonna make a sexual innuendo not because.

I'm perverse. But every time. I goose the reptile brain. I get 20 minutes more attention there's an entire field of marketing called neuromarketing designed to address and present information to the reptile brain there's a whole subsection of legal professionals lawyers personal injuries specifically who design their whole approach to activating and stimulating the reptile brain and they have in the billions billions of dollars in verdicts based on this idea these are what the highest paid professionals in the world are using every single day to push your buttons because they know if they stimulate your reptile brain.

Then you will have a physiological sensation in your body which will create a cascade of emotions which have associations connected to those and when that happens how you perceive yourself and the world around you will change without you knowing it without you realizing it and you will become predisposed to filtering the information in the priority they want you to prize or to sort it in. Paul. Ekman called that behavior the emotional refractory period and it's a behavior that every single human being in this room does on a repeated basis every single day anybody here been arguing with somebody anybody ever lied to me all. I'm asking a question here's a better one how many people here have ever been little children raise your hands okay.

Nobody here and heavily five people in the room have been little children did you not understand the question raise your friggin hands if you've ever been a child thank you very much how many of you when you were little children played pretend okay. Very good we're getting better now. I'm gonna ask you a couple questions real simple when you played pretend you did raise your hand didn't you what did you play pretend to have mold your favorite thing to play pretend house cool cool and did you have imaginary housemates or did you actually have friends around the neighborhood to play with you cool anybody here ever have imaginary friends regions we have meds for you you had imaginary friends okay. Hand him the mic let me speak to one no.

Sorry. So when you played with your imaginary friends did you talk to them yes. Sure did they talk back excellent anybody else have imaginary friends give it to this young lady we'll pass the baton why am. I doing this stupid drill it's all relevant trust me tell me about your imaginary friends a statue well.

I that was dynamic hi how you doing you talk back cool we're gonna up your meds real soon anybody else cool let's play pretend pass it to the edge dirt actually angels were talked to like invest in. Apple okay. Freaks how many people here play pretend again no. I'm not gonna give you the mic it's okay.

How many how many the ladies your. River tomboys okay. Cool. I like you already anytime girls in the room nobody ever missed it now here's my point you're out here's my point you're out in the backyard right.

Play it pretend maybe you're playing soldier you'd better place holder anybody who hears a superhero geek like me. I'm a solo. I'm a total superhero game go to my. YouTube channel you'll see me where spider-man shirts.

Green. Lantern shirts. I'm just a geek. I can't help it.

But here's my point you're out in the backyard maybe will you soldier as an example. But it could've been you know tea cups or fairy godmother. I. Little.

Ponies we've never been there. But you had a toy or a prop or a stick that you picked up and you knew when you picked up the stick the. First five minutes you picked up it was just a stick right. In the.

First five minutes six and a half minutes. Later it's a real m60 you're really. Rambo there's really bad guys factor down. Anyway it's a we you're.

So absorbed in that process you're. So focused in that process were you asleep nope were you having a ball hell yeah were you focused on what you were doing ladies and gentlemen if you can do that in this room you can have anything you want because that's called trance and that is how you access the nervous system your nervous system that is how you make changes in your neurology that is how you bypass the level of your brain and that says you can't do that any emotional state that you experience is no. Different except that you don't realize your entrance every emotional state that your body goes through causes a certain level of absorption a certain level of focus and it changes how you perceived reality it changes how you perceive the world. So when.

I asked how many people have ever been in their argument how many people have been in an argument you've gone through the argument process you resolve the argument and. Then for some strange reason for the. Next 10 15 20 minutes anything they say pisses or you say pisses them off again look. Into marriage.

Anyway true not true kind of people never go on car shopping now. I'm talking for. I'm looking for a new car right. Now and.

I am doing all kinds of due diligence okay. Why am i spending. So much time on this because if you don't understand this the world will control you instead of you controlling the world all of these things are happening below the threshold of your conscious awareness and they're driving your bus for you and they're writing the results of your approach or your interaction before you even open your mouth we get this right. We got 80 80 to 93 percent of the whole problem nailed the rest is translation.

So. I'm looking for cars right. I'm looking for a minivan. I can't bring myself to buy a mini minute because my self-image just will not accept it back.

Then. I am a soccer dad. I just can't wrap my head around that right. But.

I've looked at every every dealership. I can find in. San. Diego.

I've looked online. I've negotiated things how. I feel ever negotiated a car deal or really done their homework on a car all right. So here's the deal you.

Finally get to the point where you make the buying decision got the correct color we've got the right. Warranty you got the right. Price no. You maybe not the right.

Price. But you're okay. With it you get the car you drive it home you look. Out at the side mirror you look.

Out the rearview mirror and the other side mirror and every [ __ ] on the planet bought the same car welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period your nervous system sorts and prioritizes what information and pays attention to. First based on the feelings in your body. So if you look. At a hot person whether it's a guy looking at a girl girl looking at a guy and the.

First thing that goes through your body is fear guess what movies you start playing guess how do you start to interpret every little thing that you do in frames the meaning of every piece of that interaction before you even opened your mouth now what if you could enter a state of absolute victory absolute triumph absolute playfulness absolute curiosity absolute relentlessness and slick it on like a switch own those feelings and just walk up and talk to somebody would that be useful yes. Would it be useful everywhere that's what you like to learn how. I already taught you. I already taught you how to do it posture breathing play pretend move the pictures around.

I taught you to. I taught you how to do it. I didn't tell you what. I was teaching you cuz you would overcomplicated it.

I tricked you into getting better and it will only get better for as long as your heart continues to beat for as long as your lungs continue to breathe this process will install itself at the deepest level of your neurology not just because. I say. So. But because you've done it you've experienced it now.

I can always tell who's gonna get the most benefit from these events because. I give you an instruction to do something and the people who are gonna get results are right. In there with me full absorption 100% and. Then there's this smart guy or a smart girl.

I tell him to stand up and they go. I tell her point to where they feel they go they have that bland look. On their face. I got it cognitively cognitively if you could cognitively fix this [ __ ] you wouldn't be sitting in the room remember something your conscious mind the party that thinks in data and knowledge and information is the weakest part of you and it's completely at the mercy of the other two levels the paleo cortex engine limbic system aka your emotional brain if.

I mean the neocortex that's the. Last. Third level is the part of you that thinks in facts and figures data it's also the part that gets bored the fastest time when the reptile checks out the information stops going in this is why. I've never been on a date ladies he's talking about his job his car his vacations what he's gonna do with his life and he doesn't even ask you your.

Last name hey anybody ever had that experience where the guy's just joining on and on about all the follow-up reasons why he's a good date guys pay attention pay attention they don't care. I mean they do because their socialization is different they're designed to be accommodating they're designed to put their needs. Second the problem is you don't reciprocate and. So you do what you're trained to do because we don't think that complexly we're simple creatures hit kill it same sex killing different sex tonality tonality is also a nonverbal cue has nothing to do with the words they say 93% of all human communication is nonverbal right.

Now if you think 93% of all human communication is nonverbal now think about that for a moment yeah the sum total of all human communications were the equivalent of a hundred question tests and you got every single word right. That's what 7% of the test what's your grade even if you got them all right. You failed. But let's say you didn't get any other words right.

But you nailed the body it nailed the nonverbals what's your score now now. I don't know where you went to school where. I went to school outs brie damn [ __ ] good and it kind of works like that we're gonna prove it. I'm gonna do we're gonna we're gonna take a short break we're gonna come back we're gonna do some drills that will drive this in we're gonna show you how to be playful on demand okay.

We're gonna show you a conversational framework that if you utilize it will allow you ladies to speed read any date you have and no. Other than the. Next in the. First 20 minutes of that date whether it's time to press your escape button right.

Or their keeper guys you'll learn how to do it -. I had to tweak it for guys a little bit we're also going to show you the seven stages if we have time of body language and attraction flirtation right. We're gonna get even more playful though because what. I want to do is.

I want you to actually practice some of these things with each other if. I can would that be cool okay. You guys have a good time tonight you learn a lot yes. I have a question for you how people like that fun danyoung how many people here are cool people.

Richmond how people here like to go to cool places do cool stuff people like to go with cool people the cool places and do cool stuff in a moment gonna bring up a good friend of mine his name is. Eddie. Blackmon he runs vision post creative center and he's our sponsor for tonight he's the one providing all of the wonderful accoutrements everything from the tables and chairs how do you would like to practice some of this hot attraction stuff in. Aruba what if you're like any threaten.

Sylvania and pay real close attention couldn't bring any other is going to talk to you about something that's really really cool. I think you'll have fun with it would you like to travel you like to go to cool places look. Cool stuff please welcome my good friend. I think.

So yes. I've been to. Transylvania that was my. Halloween party.

Last year 12th century councils. I had some fun it's actually a real place people asked me. Joe. So anyhow how many of you have either dreamt about or had a honeymoon the most amazing honeymoon that you could possibly imagine and though usually the fact when you go out of your way to design a fantastic trip with your luck right.

That's like overboard and if you haven't had a lot of maybe you'd like trend about 100 right. I would like to have a feeling on every single vacation which go on okay. So what would you rather have full price or discount on that medical vacation would you like a discount or would you rather go on that kind of a vacation for free now what would you rather have a free vacation like that or to mind at all some dangers to go on that vacation what we do you have other choices and they have a and information that's my little quad that's what we do and we have some amazing deals and things to talk about. I have done 30 fantastic vacations in the.

Last two years. I'm in there having been there. But what to do how to get there. I'll stay there.

I'd say bunny. Hey okay. Thanks. Thank.

You. Eddie anything to be at the old vision calls he goes to be. David any time any comes up in with a. David and.

I get nervous it's either gonna cost me money or make me do weird things on. YouTube. I'm not sure which now you goes. David.

Ansen. I'd like to take your showing role. Anyway okay. What's this gonna cost he starts telling me about this idea they've been here been on the cruise.

I think ool telling on a cruise in. April. I got actually paid to go on the cruise now it wasn't anything to do with the. WorldVentures.

I was actually hired to go on a secret mission which. I can't really talk about. I get paid to do really interesting things with my skill sets from time to time and it takes me to all sorts of cool and exotic locations. But man.

I've never been. So angry in my life when. I saw hell pampered these people were they pink poop do they wipe your butt for you too it was an amazing experience all right. I got to.

I got to really really appreciate just how well well-run cruise ship takes care of its people. So you guys do like to travel. I've seen the cruises that. WorldVentures offers they are amazing people are we bragging to me.

I can't leave and do them because of my schedule. But. I did join world ventures not because of all that stuff it's because. I have a family of five and if you want to take a family of five anywhere yeah you get it.

Anyway well we're coming up on our break when we come back let me give you a little rundown aside from the playfulness stuff that we're gonna work on we're gonna talk about it approachability we're going to talk about the three magic questions protocol and how it works we're going to talk about the seven stages of attraction that if you understand what you're looking for you will know how that's a stage and any two people are as they go from complete stranger to one plus one equals three okay. And it works on every human being with a pulse okay. The other things we're going to cover the things that kind of teased you about earlier we're gonna talk about approachability secrets for women we're going to talk about some of the body language behaviors and things that you're taught that actually keep the right. Kind of men from approaching you and make sure that the wrong ones do okay.

Got it all here. I mean. I send my chicken scratch. So.

I might be that. I'm after something read the. Braille rather than actually read the letters. But we're also gonna talk about ways ladies to extricate yourself from these situations just a little one or two things that you can do that extract extrication from the interaction without saying you know destroying the guy's self-esteem unless he really deserves it.

Then we're gonna just nail him right. Guys we're gonna focus on how to get over that approach anxiety how to get it your attitude right. How to get your body right. And how to really approach somebody and sing them genuine and connection signal genuine warmth in a way that's non-threatening in a way that can radiate to charisma and attraction to everyone in the room we'll talk about this idea of rapport which everybody talks about and what we call status gap what you have to have if you want to generate a sexual tension because what flirting is is an implied promise of sex without the actual confirmation of a chance of sex.

I should say. I promise it's a chance now that's important to understand because ladies when you flirt with somebody it doesn't mean you're agreeing to have sex with them right. It's that sexual tension that makes it exciting and. So how you manage that is very very important right.

The way you manage is is by learning how to get out when you need to get out right. Which is again where we're gonna kind of fill in the gaps kind of smooth things along. I'm gonna take like. I said.

I will take you as far as. I can in this process if you have specific questions ask them right. I love questions. I get.

I get flack from my youtube channel all the time because. I take questions and on tangents. But that's where the best stuff comes out the other thing that we're gonna do for ladies if you want to is. I have fifteen or sixteen actual body language tips that you can utilize to safely at whatever comfort level you want signal that you want to be approached guys.

I'm gonna teach you how to spot these things because you guys are missing out on a tremendous number of opportunities and. I'll leave you with this thought who initiates more approaches men or women it's alright. Now. I think it's men raise your hand how many people think is women by chance all the women in the room raise and 60% of all approaches are initiated by women it's just the guys don't see it they don't perceive it and lays you don't realize they don't perceive it.

So you interpret it as rejection or be a beta male for lack of a better word will cover that particular genesis and how it works. I'm gonna go really fast because my job here does a download as much of this stuff and do as. I can we're gonna take 15 minutes. I want you to eat as much chocolate as humanly possible drink as much water eat drink the coffee cuz we're gonna need it and.

Then we're gonna come back and we're gonna play thank you you guys can clap it's okay. You sure.
