Title: FREE CLASS: SPEED ATTRACTION - Understanding Men and Women - Why They See Things Differenty Pt 1
File Name: qbPnL97V31w.txt
Video Id: qbPnL97V31w
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbPnL97V31w

All right. Well, while we're waiting for the people to arrive, since you guys got here kind of sort of early, this is your chance to play. Ask. David.

Anything. Since you brave the traffic, came out to see us. Are we running by any chance? Let's get all the good questions on camera just in case.

Are we running? Yes, we are. Okay. Um, what's your name again, sir?

Sean. Sean, welcome to. NLP. Power.

I'm going to do the formal introduction at exactly 7:00. But in the meantime, what brought you out tonight? What do you want to take home? Um,.

I everything. Everything. I always get that. Just.

Yes. Have some. Cool. All right.

Well,. I'll try to give you a little little. I'll take you as far as. I can in the time we have.

I'll show you where to go to get more. That is my intention. These events are always free. There is no.

Obligation for anything that we offer on occasion. So, please keep that in mind. And we do give you a lot of cool stuff. Matter of fact, we've often been told that the information we give away for free is better than the stuff most people charge for.

And. I'm proud of that. I'm proud of that. So, um, you, sir,.

I see you every day. You're one of our wonderful. Worlds. Ventures bucket list people.

What brought you out tonight? What is it you want to take home? By the way,. I like your pants.

You said this is, uh, your favorite class. It is one of my favorite classes to take. So, well,. I definitely got to go.

Yeah, it's it's one of the most fun classes you can have with your clothes on and sometimes not. But that's a different story. Okay. How about you, sir?

What do you want to take home to this today? What's your name? Anything. David.

Hey,. David. Like you already. Anything you want to give me?

Anything. I want to give you. We have lots of candy. Well, hello again.

Good to see you again, sir. Good. How you been? All right.

Cool. What would you like to learn today? What would you like to take home? Well,.

I was beginning together without doubt you when you said take all the candy you can because. I thought that. I thought we didn't need a sugar high with you. You know you and me.

We got we got history. You and me. You know what. I'm saying?

Right. How about you, sir? What's your name? My name is.

Steve. Hey,. Steve. Faster building rapport.

Faster building. You've been in my meetups before, right? No. First time.

You have a very familiar face. You doubt. I've spent way too much time in the post office. I'm not sure which.

All right. But you want to have faster building rapport. Yeah. If.

I could show you how to do that in all kinds of really cool and unobvious ways, would that be fun? Cool. I'll do that. Next week.

Um, how about you guys? No, we got to show you some really cool stuff. Name for the camera, please. Yes.

My name is. Paul ago. We learned a lot. So, we.

Cool. New nuggets. New nuggets. I'm all about the nuggets.

All about that nuggets. About that nuggets. What's your name again for the camera? Oh, wait.

By the way, we have mics this time. I need a mic runner, though. Mic runner. It's like that.

It's the sequel to the kiterunner for the cameras. I'm always getting feedback from my people on. YouTube that nobody in the audience can ever hear the questions. So, if you do have a question,.

I'm going to get as many of you in before we have to start as. I can just. So. I know how to target tonight's talk.

Yes. Uh my name is. Justine. I'm actually uh looking for the same thing as building um as you said just learning new things and building rapport with building rapport.

Okay. Starting a conversation. Starting a conversation. We can do that.

Oh, can we do that? Pass it on down. Ah, that was the sun handoff. Go on.

I'm. Karen. Hi,. Karen.

Just here to learn more what you learn what you teach. So well. Okay. Well,.

I depending on who you ask, that could be any number of things. And what particular thing that. I'm supposedly supposed to teach. So well would you like to learn?

Well, there's something about dating tonight, huh? Something about dating. Don't do it. No.

Pass it on. Yes, sir. Fast. Fast.

Hot like a money. Hot potato. Hot potato. I'll slow down in a minute once the caffeine wears off.

So,. I've learned from you before and. I don't think. I was ready for it,.

Tom. Oh, maybe. Well, you've gone through some serious transformations. Yeah, this give this guy a big round of applause.

He's done some hellacious change work on himself, which you will never know anything about,. But. I want to recognize his efforts for that. Pass it on.

Yes, sir. You. Hey,. I've been to a few of yours and um each time you do a little bit different,.

So the net of what you teach grows in my head. Um. I've learned a lot. Okay.

So, there's a net growing in your head. For other information. Very cool. Pass it on.

Today. I'm. Cynthia and. I can say this stuff works.

She can say this. I watched her make it work. It was frightening. Yeah.

Now, now. I need to know how to turn it on. That's the. Next seminar.

That's the $2,000 seminar. $900. I teach you how to turn it on. For $2,000,. I show you how to turn it off.

Very cool. Pass it on up. That's. Next week.

That's. Next week. What am. I supposed to say?

What would you like? See, let me give a brief explanation why. I'm doing this. A, you all read the same letter.

Now, many of you have been to my meetups before. A lot of you, how many, how many of you, this is your. First time? Raise your hands.

Very cool. Excellent. That's what. I like to see.

I'd love to see a nice mix of people who are return offenders and uh and people who are new because that's what gets the word out about what we do. But there's two reasons why that. I. I do this.

A,. I want to know you. I want to. I mean.

I'm up on here on stage which is an evolution in of itself believe me. But the truth is. I want to know each and every one of you as best. I can.

The other part is you all read the same letter. You all saw the different things that. I offered in that letter. But there was one or two key things that separated you from every everybody else, from the 12,000 other people who read that letter that made you want to come out tonight across town, through traffic, over the river, and through the woods to come to a very weird pyramid-shaped building in the middle of nowhere.

And. I want to know what that is. So. I can give it to you.

Because, as impolitically incorrect as it sounds,. I do play favorites. I love my internet audience. I really do.

I really love all of you. But the people who actually put their butts in the chair, you guys are the ones who deserve everything. I have to give. But.

I don't know how to target that unless. I ask. So. I do.

So if you're wondering why. I'm doing what. I'm doing, that's why. I want to know you.

I want to know where to go. Uh. I heard about neural linguistic programming for the. First time yesterday and.

I saw that on your. Meetup ad and. So that's why. I'm cool.

So you want to know about. NLP? Very cool. Let's just pass this on.

Hello. I am. Rita. Hi,.

Rita. Welcome. You showed up on my newsfeed on. Facebook.

I started watching your videos and. Then. I heard. Me in.

San. Diego and. I started looking. Oh, very cool.

Thank you. And we started with. Sean. So, we'll just pass this back to.

Katie. Um, hi. Katie. I saw flirting for fun for profit and.

I said. I'm in. Okay. So, which one you want?

The fun or the profit? Both. Okay,. I like that answer.

I like that answer. Energy. Joe, what do you know? Wait a minute.

I thought it was dating for profit. Well, that comes later. That's the $3,000 seminar. But.

I have to do that out of the continental. United. States or in. Nevada.

All right, pass it on. Pass the magic wand. Hi,. I'm.

John. Hi,. John. I've been to a couple of your meetups and.

I really enjoyed them and you um you really make me think. Well, thank. So,. I'm back to wars.

We got to get you out of your head and into the world. All right, cool. Pass the baton. We're coming up on.

Oh, we're right. At. Can we. How fast?

Everybody talk like chipmunks. Hi,. I'm. Elise.

Hi,. Elise. My. First time here.

Welcome to my world. Won't you come on in? Okay. Excellent.

Hi,. I'm. Sharon. Hi,.

Sharon. What are we saying? What brought us here? Yeah.

Yeah. What is it you want to take home? If if there was no. Other nothing.

But one of one of the two things that you really wanted to learn tonight and you went home with that, you felt like you you got your your money's worth. What would that be? Some of you got that. You'll get that tomorrow.

I. I not a freaking clue. Approach people. How to approach people.

Okay, that's something tangible. How to approach? I got stuff on approaching that will just blow your minds and terrify you at the same time. Am.

I off the hook. Now? Are you off the hook. Now?

You're never off the hook. Go ahead. Hey,. I'm.

Scott. Hi,. Scott. I like your seminar on how to lie.

How to lie. How to tell people how to tell when people are lying. How to lie is the $5,000 seminar. I'm just here for the fun.

Cool. As long as that's the key word tonight. Fun. Fun.

Ladies and gentlemen, if you ain't having fun, you ain't getting any further. It's that simple. We got to get. We got to get playful.

No. Ifands or buts about it. The more playful you become, the more attractive you get. Okay.

How many people here have ever done any kind of online dating? Okay. Now, the rest of you who are lying, raise your hands. Now, you're going to hear me pick on men tonight. [Music].

You are going to hear me pick on women tonight. I am an equal opportunity picker, right? And there's a reason. One of the things.

I love about these meetups and one of the reasons that this is one of my favorite meetups to teach in addition to just getting playful and getting silly and using the the skills and techniques of. NLP to help that happen is. I get to watch the look. Of horror on your face when you realize what you're doing isn't how what you're doing is interpreted by the other gender.

You can laugh now. It's it's not that bad really. And the reason that that. I do.

I love having men and women in the same room at the same time. And there. I realize that what. I'm about to say there are exceptions to the rule.

And most of what. I'm going to teach you tonight is targeted at the rule, not the exception. Does that make sense? For every example that.

I give, you can find a counter example. I get that. But by and large, what. I'm going to be sharing with you tonight is what the majority of things you will encounter or have encountered and didn't realize you were encountering them.

That's the other part where. I see, look, where. I start to explain certain behaviors or the genesis of certain behaviors that both genders engage in. You see, if you don't understand how to interpret what the other side is doing, you're going to be stuck getting what you've been getting, which for most of you is frustrated, alone, and generally just pissed off like me.

There were many years where. I didn't date anybody. But appendages. We won't go there.

Uh, couple of caveats tonight, by the way. Um, if politically incorrect language offends you, not a good place for you tonight. Okay? If straight talk offends you, not a good place.

Okay? Um, if polit if swear words or politically incorrect metaphors,. I don't even have to say it, do. I?

Right. We got to get playful. We got to stop taking ourselves way too seriously. That being said,.

I promise you at some point tonight. I will offend somebody. It's not personal. Okay?

I'm out to offend as many people as. I can for therapeutic reasons. You see, until you get something until something triggers you, you don't know where the pain points are. You don't know where to look.

In that mindfield. So tonight's tonight's idea is to have fun and to be playful,. But at some point you will find certain things that or certain places you just won't want to go. It's okay.

Don't go there. That being said, the more participatory you get tonight, the more you're going to get out of this. I'm going to teach you some things about unconscious communication that are. So powerful that even when you know they're being done, you can't fight them.

Okay, tonight. I'm going to go a little bit off the reservation in that. I'm going to let you guys actually partner up and do things. Yes, you're going to have to partner up with complete strangers and get them to like you.

Oh [ __ ]. I came to a flirting workshop and he made me try to make people like me. You'd be amazed how many people that get freaked out by that cuz they want to come in and take notes. Like taking a note is going to help you.

No, taking a note is not going to help you. Getting off your butts and doing the drills and getting the skills, that's going to help you. Okay,. So couple other things.

This means yes. Everybody go. This means yes. This means no.

There will be a test. This means. I know the answer. Please call on me.

This means. I don't know the answer. So don't waste your time calling on me. This is, oh [ __ ].

I hope he doesn't call on me. Right. Very good. So, here's.

First. First drill we're going to do. Tonight's workshop is on flirting for fun and profit. We're going to start with the nuts and bolts and we're going to go wherever it leads us.

Everybody stand up. I'll give you my pedigree after this. Oh,. I thank you.

I'd like to thank the academy. All right. Or the institution, whichever one brought me here. All right.

First things first,. I want you to look. Immediately to your left and immediately to your right. Find a human being that has an appendage.

Not that one. They're a hand. Damn you. Reach out.

Extend your hand. Look. Them in the eyes. And go.

That's right. Look. Them in the eyes. Have fun with it.

Feel ridiculous. Embrace your inner goofball. Make a game out of it. See how many can rack up the highest number of raspberries. [Music].

I told you this is entertainment value for me. All right, give yourselves a big round of applause. Have a seat. Now, that does two things out of the way.

My name is. David. Snyder. This is.

NLP power slash all things. San. Diego slashNLP today slash slash uh. I have a.

I have a s. I'm a certified master practitioner and trainer in neural linguistic programming. Uh. I'm certified through the founder.

Dr. Richard. Banler and the society of. NLP.

I have authored over 15 different products on advanced forms of human communication, specialized human influence technologies, as. I like to call it, code name [ __ ]. And it's some crazy [ __ ] let me tell you. But when you get this [ __ ] together, when you get this [ __ ] down, no.

[ __ ]. It's good, right? So, over 15 different products on all forms of human influence, including conversational hypnosis, attraction, and dating. uh advanced sales and performance. Uh.

I'd see. I have a clinic in. Salana. Beach where my specialty there is treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion.

So. I don't get you know the average thing a hypnotist gets. Uh. I'm also master trainer and hypn and master hypnotist.

So yeah have some. I've been a martial artist for over 30 years. I have a ninth degree black belt in. Okinawa and.

Kempo and karate. Uh,. I have a certified black belt or a certified instructor's ranking in combat systemma,. Second degree black belt in.

Koso. Kempo. I'm a licensed acupuncturist and diplomat of oriental medicine. I have more energy credentials than.

McDonald's sells hamburgers. And every time. I go through this pedigree, people either think. I'm bragging or trying to compensate for something.

So,. I'll let you decide. Stumpy. Wait a minute.

What the hell? Sorry. Graph graffiti. You'll get that in a minute.

All right. Why am. I telling you this? Because there's one other credential that makes it extremely relevant why.

I'm standing up in front of you here tonight. In 2005, while. I was going through my internship in acupuncture school,. I wrote a program or not a program, a course.

It's called. Secret. Orgasm. Tips.

Okay. It was a program designed specifically to teach men how to become the lover every woman fantasizes about. Yes. And within a year, that was one of the top selling courses on.

ClickBank. This is before the advent of a lot of stuff we see on. Amazon and things like that. In 2005,.

I was voted one of the top 10 attraction experts of the year by art of approaching and seduction.com. The reason that's relevant is because one. I it wasn't because. I was really good at going out and getting lots and lots of women.

That wasn't really my claim to fame, although to do what. I do uh is kind of a given, right? It was because. I developed a system that would allow people to tap into the most important things in another human being's life, both physically, sexually, emotionally, and give it to them and.

Then show them how to take them even further than what even their fantasies were about. Now, it was based on this concept which is directly from. NLP called the checklist. Now, there's this thing in.

NLP we call criteria values. I will explain that later,. But for now, just think of it as a checklist. Every human being in this room has a checklist in their unconscious that lets them know the exact right.

Way to kiss, the exact right. Way to be kissed, the exact place they want to be touched, how they want to be touched, when they want to be touched. Add infinite all the way to that age-old equation. 1 plus 1 equals 3. You'll get that tomorrow.

It's all right. Um, and what. I did in that course was teach men who are dumb as rocks because we are ladies. We know.

I get that. Okay,. I'm on your side. Was teach a man how to pay attention to you to know exactly without fail exactly where you want to be touched in the way you want to be touched.

How to kiss you in the way you want to be kissed. The way you've always fantasized and never told anyone where you wanted it to happen. Now, just as a a little quiz, guys, pay attention, please. Ladies, if you met a guy who knew exactly what to say, exactly where to touch you, when it was okay.

To touch in exactly the right. Way, as if he just read your mind, literally, and he gave it to you, in a way that was absolutely right. What would you not do for that person? That's what.

I did. That's what. I. That was the course.

I created in 2005 for people. It's still available, although numerous. Google slaps have kind of removed it from the radar for most people,. But there were three levels to it.

I only released the. First level and. I was already getting phone calls from couples all over the world saying, "Thank you. You saved our marriage.".

Okay? So, this is why. I'm standing up here in front of you. Because if you take the things.

I'm going to share with you tonight, and believe me, if this is the scope of every single thing that. I could teach you about this topic, if there's the scope of everything. I could teach you about the topic tonight, we have time for this. So,.

I'm going to take you, no. Pun intended, as far as. I can in the time that we have, and. I'll show you where to go to get more.

I have a list of reminders on this board. They're not meant for you to read because there's no. Way in. God's green earth you're going to read that because.

I can't do it. I just happen to know what. I wrote. So, it's better, right?

You're going to be very very very happy with the results that you you get out in the real world because it's all about real world results. Okay? I'm going to teach you some things based on neuroscience, based on social dynamics, based on. NLP, few things on conversational hypnosis.

They're all ethical. They're all honest. And a lot of them were designed for women to be used on men. Is that fair?

Okay. Here's the. Next part of tonight's nomenclature. When.

I ask you a question, you must respond vividly, behemothly, and enthusiastically like you really actually want the answer. Could that be? Right. By the way, the other reason that.

I got you up and shaking each other's hands and doing all those crazy things is for two very important reasons. A, because. I'm a conversational hypnotist,. I can in fact get you to do things you don't want to do.

The other part is we have to get over this idea of feeling silly, of being playful, of approaching a a completely anonymous or or distinct, even though. I know. Marietta from years and years. She was one of the.

First people to come to one of my meetups. So, give her a big round of applause. Thank you. She actually came to one of my martial arts meetups and chased me with an a screamer stick and a knife,.

But that's a different story for another day. walking up to a complete stranger and being willing to be silly, being willing to be playful and not caring about the response that you get. That's the secret. When you can do that on a consistent basis, when you can turn on the playful switch, you're going to be amazed at the kind of charisma you're going to generate. Because at the end of the day, see what happens a lot of times is the guys come in, they all want the magic words.

When. I approach a girl, what do. I say to her? Well, it doesn't really matter because if your body language isn't right, if the feelings in your body aren't right, nothing that comes out of your mouth can be.

And this is science. This is not. David just standing up here. Now, a lot of the things.

I've been teaching for over a decade have. Finally neuroscience, social social psychology has. Finally come around to validating. And where it's relevant,.

I will point those things out. But when it comes to approaching, when it comes to for both genders, both sides have issues with approaching or being approached,. But they're different. Guys, every time we look.

At a a beautiful woman, the. First thing that happens is we play these movies in our head. First of all, if she's really hot, the. First thing that comes out of our brain is, "Oh my god, right, she's hot.".

And we start playing all these movies about all the things we could be doing. And that's great except. Then the other movies start. We start playing movies of us being vividly rejected by this wonderful human being who we've just pinned our entire self-worth on.

Right? I'll give you an example. One of my students, very cool guy in his uh early to mid-50s, went to a liquor store one day, saw this beautiful woman about the same age, and. I.

I vividly recall this story. He says to me, he says, "This is how it went.". He goes, "I saw myself there and. I saw her and.

I saw in my mind walking up to her introducing myself. We get into this amazing conversation. We have we chat for 10 or 15 minutes. She gives me her number.

I call her up. We start going out. We start having a ball. We fall madly in love.

We're about to get married. And. Then we have this horrible breakup.". So,.

I never approached her. We do this. Ladies, we do this. Okay?

You don't see us before we're this. You see us. This is what you see when we walk up. Okay.

This is what's going on in our heads. Oh my [ __ ] god. Right. Cuz even though we're walking up and we're trying to look.

Cool, in our minds, we're saying, "No, no, not with you.". Guys, they have a different problem with us. Most ladies aren't afraid of being approached. What they're afraid is you won't get the message that the interview is over and that and that they'll get into an interview or an interaction that they can't get out of.

You see, their socialization has gaps in it, too. Most of the things that a woman pays attention to are. So subtle that they fly right. Under a guy's radar.

So, by the time they've reached what in our in our vernacular, the guy in guy speak we call the bit shield. You know this this is where she was al all wonderful and accommodating. All of a sudden she turned green, got a pointed nose, she opened her mouth, a little light went on inside like a refrigerator, right? And we got frozen out completely.

You missed all the earlier attempts that she was giving you that this interview was over. It's time to move on. And it's not your fault, ladies. It's not your fault either.

Each of you evolved a very, very specific set of cues, a checklist. Ah, there's that word again. that you use to parse reality, that you use to to understand what's going on around you. Here's the rub. Anybody here know what the the term projection is?

Okay, good. This means yes. This means no. This means.

I know the answer. This means. I don't. Let's not confuse the signals, shall we?

All right. So what happens is this the cues ladies that you're sending off are blatantly obvious to every woman in the room. Guys were like what? Right.

Really the problem is that guys we pay attention to signals that are much more blatant, much more obvious. And if a guy and if you were to relate to a guy in the signals that he actually responds to, every other woman in the place would go, "What a [ __ ]. She's practically holding up a sign. Yes, because we're stupid.

We need a sign. Some of us guys, you could literally walk up to us and go. And some of us would sit there and go, "Wonder what he meant by that.". Right?

So, we need to understand how to translate the signs and the signals that the other side is giving. Neither side is wrong,. But you evolved very differently. Because of evolution, you evolved a ladies evolved a much much greater ability to perceive subtle body language.

You can see five, six, seven, eight women in a in a group and you know and everyone in that room knows instantly when the conversation is over and we're going, "What the [ __ ] just happened?". Right, guys? You get in a room full of people, especially guys, and the. First thing that happens is the fight for control.

Okay? Everybody's jockeying for the alpha position. And for the. First 5, 10, 15 minutes, it's organized chaos until the pecking order, who the alpha bail is establish, is is established, and.

Then everybody falls in line, and they take on very, very identifiable behaviors. Why? They're the hunters. They're the gatherers.

Evolutionarily their biology is such that they have to go out, see it, do. I eat it, do. I kill it, do. I fornicate with it, drag home, see it, do it.

Because the reproductive burden fell on women for. First ever, well, since we crawled out of the ocean, you needed a different set of skills. You needed to develop a way to create very intricate, very complex, very supportive social networks. You needed to be able to gauge and understand what the behaviors you were experiencing actually meant and learn how to judge and relate based on that.

Because part of your evolution is learning how to get somebody with access to the resources to do things for you because you couldn't necessarily do them for yourself because you had other things to worry about. Does that sound even remotely true? This means yes. This means no.

Okay. And. So you evolve very very different mechanisms for learning how to sort reality. The problem isn't that either in neither of your systems are wrong.

It's just what you're sending off is. So early in their and. So far off their regular radar what they pay attention to that unless somebody who stands up on a stage and does makes weird penis jokes or something like that uh calls their attention to it, you won't notice it and you won't be able to translate. So my job here in in having both genders in the room is to teach you how the other side perceives what's going on.

So you can change a little bit. So you can understand things differently. So when. I say guys, we make all kinds of movies in our head about being rejected.

Women want you to approach. They truly do. The problem is they're terrified that they're going to get themselves into an interaction that they can't get themselves out of. because there's that little bit of a gap between how there's, you know, the degree, you know, how like in uh. I'm going to use a male metaphor here.

There might be one in the female world,. But you know, the varying degrees of force, acceptable force continuum in police work, you know, if if somebody yells, you know, pig, you're not allowed to get pull your gun out and shoot him. Well, that's changing, isn't it? Sorry, that was my politically incorrect humor.

Um,. But there's an escalation, right? In female socialization, there's actually a bit of a gap in there in that there's a few things that they do that kind of seem like, you know, it's not kind of going there. It's nice.

Let's just be friends. But we don't get it. And they keep running the same record. They keep trying stepping up the intensity until.

Finally they're left with, "Dude, [ __ ] leave, right? That's pretty much what they're left with. And it's not that they want to do that.". I hope.

I'm right. About that. It's not that you guys want to do that. Would that be true?

Yeah, it's that you just don't know how to get the message across. So,. I'm going to give you a few little oneliners, not zingers,. But oneliners that allow you to kind of build in that force continuum of ways to extricate yourself from interactions that may not be going in the direction you want to.

At the same time,. I'm going to give you guys some very cool ways to kind of get your head in the game. No. Pun intended.

I don't really like that term, the game. I don't like the word seduction either. I actually it's one of the words. I hate the most even though it's one that everybody recognizes.

I much prefer attraction and relating and relation to one another. Um. So be that as it may. Um.

So the. First thing we're going to do is we got to get playful. We got to have fun. How many people here can feel good for no.

Freaking reason? Raise your hands. Oh wow. So you can feel good for no.

Reason. I'm coming to your seminar. Damn. Everybody stand up. [Music].

First things first,. I want you to these and the these are cool drills that. I do with everybody,. But they're ones that will allow you to get into whatever body state you need to be in to do the work you need to do.

When. I say work, that could be walking up to somebody you don't know and introducing yourself. It could be a board meeting. It could be anything.

How many people have ever heard of a. TED talk uh called. Power. Poses by.

Amy. Cuddy? Okay, that's your. First assignment.

If you have not seen that video, go to. YouTube. It is free. Watch it.

It will blow your mind because what. I'm about to share with you uh is some of it is is actually science that was validated in power poses. It's also some things that. I've been teaching for almost 20 years that science has.

Finally got around to validating. And it's all about your body. You know, we talk about the magic words. You know, what do what do.

I say to a woman or what do. I say to a guy to make him fall madly in love with me? It's not has nothing to do with the words you speak and science has proven this too. There's another book.

I'm going to give you a very long reading list. So you can check my work. It's called. Honest.

Signals. Honest signals by. Alexander. Penlin.

He was a researcher out of. Stanford. Okay. Uh and what he discovered there were four unique channels of information that social that that that people use to communicate in socially competitive environments.

Everything from dating to negotiation to interrogation interviews and. So forth. And if you understand these four channels of communication, you can predict with a 30 depending on on where you pick up the information between a 30 and 70% accuracy what decision is going to be made in the. First 30 seconds.

Wow. without any words being spoken. This is how powerful this information is. There's four channels. Remind me,.

I'll come back to them because they're not directly relevant tonight,. But peripherally um they're relevant. And. I say that not because.

I want to withhold the information from you. But when. I have tried to teach the honest signals component to people who haven't had at least a couple of levels of other training in body language first, the lights just shut off. They can't perceive it yet.

Okay? But trust me, if you read the book, all the science is there. The channels are there. You'll be able to extrapolate it.

You'll be able to find out when these things are true. But what we're going to do now is we're going to learn how to control our body and our emotion, our unconscious mind. We're going to learn how to turn it on and off like a switch. Any state we want, any time we want.

We're going to start with a few basic exercises from. Amy. Cuy's power poses. Now, in that particular uh video, there were three poses that she isolated.

One was called the victory pose. Anybody ever see that? Anybody ever like win and you just your hands just go up like this unconsciously? Right.

Very cool. The. Next one is called the. Wonder.

Woman pose. The. Third one. I call the uh the gorilla.

The gorilla is if you ever seen some a. CEO at a board meeting and he just kind of goes. I'm not going to recommend we do that one because we're in. San.

Francisco. That's going to be taken in a completely different way. And. I just lost my entire readership at.

San. Francisco. I love you guys in that non-gay way. But anyway,.

So what we're going to do is we're going to start with this. We're going to do a two-minute posture. Now, while we're doing this,. I'm going to relate to you in a non-gay way that what exactly.

Amy discovered in in her research was that when you hold those poses and these poses specifically that. I'm we're going through right. Now, in as little as 2 minutes, your testosterone goes up by as much as 25%. Is there any male in this room who couldn't use a 25% bump in their testosterone? [Music].

Exactly. Ladies, any ladies in this room that couldn't use a 25% bump in their testosterone. Say yes. Thank you.

Why? Why do. I say that? Because testosterone is the achievement hormone.

Testosterone allows you to be assertive. It allows you to be dominant. It allows you to go for what you want. Okay?

Empathy or estrogen is the empathy hormone. Okay? You want to see a guy turn into a doormat, watch all his testosterone turn into estrogen. and he'll become the exact kind of guy that you think about having and. Then once you have him, you can't wait to get rid of them.

Cuz all he does is kiss your ass. We'll talk about those things, right? Some of the things that socialization teaches us on the surface seem like a great have, something that we really want to have,. But unfortunately there's uh drawbacks to them that undermine our relationships.

Most most women think that they want a guy who's all sensitive and calm until they actually have one and. Then they want they wish for the spark and the vigor and the excitement and the moonlighting and the dynamic the dynamism and the electricity back. You have to have a balance. You have to be similar enough that you guys can connect and feel comfortable and secure with each other.

But different enough that you remain exciting. And that's the rub. Okay. Anybody feel more dominant now?

I know. I do. I just grew a beard. Very cool.

All right, put your hands down,. But don't sit down yet. Okay,. Next drill is going to be very, very simple.

I want everybody to imagine a time in your life or remember a time in your life. This is even better when you you nailed something you went for something like you saw something that you really really really wanted. I mean really wanted like lust factor like 10 to the 20th, right? and you decided that you were going to get it no. Matter what and you made a plan.

Yes. Are you talking about relationships or just anything? I don't care what it is as long as it's something that you want to use as a resource. Okay?

Cuz we've gotten all we we we this was the base. Now we're going to get a little bit more artistic. I don't care what it was as long as it gives you the feelings you want to have more of. Okay?

It could be a board, you know, a business that you put in operation. Could be a project you launch. I don't care what it is as long as it follows the parameters. It's something you wanted more than anything.

You decided you were going to get it no. Matter what. You made a decision to go for it. You made a plan.

Made a plan. You put that plan into operation and you nailed it. Home run. And what.

I want you to do is. I want you to think back to that time. Remember that time. I want you to see what you saw, hear what you heard, feel what you felt.

Most importantly,. I want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment. I want you to breathe the way you were breathing in that moment when you know you when you realized you nailed it. It was yours.

You owned it. I want you to feel that feeling come flooding back to you. And as you do that,. I want you to notice where in your body that feeling lives.

Just point to where you feel it. I don't care where it is. Excellent. Now imagine that floating somewhere in the space around you is a picture that represents that event, that moment, that feeling.

Just reach out and touch it. Now take both of your hands, trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know exactly how big it is. Both of your hands.

Follow instructions. Damn you. Now grab it. And.

I want you to expand it like the window on your iPhone. Make it as big as an. IMAX movie theater screen. And notice what happens to the feeling in your body.

Oh my freaking god. I may never leave the house. Cool. Bring it back to its original size.

I know. I know it's depressing. Pull it closer to your without changing the size of it. Now pull it closer to your body.

Notice what happens to the feet. What happens? Excitement. Excitement.

Woohoo. Good [ __ ]. Wait, it's getting better. Lift it up over your head.

Pull it down around you like a big blanket. Notice what happens to the feeling in your body. You like that [ __ ] don't you? Oh, wait.

I got more. Okay. And. I'm.

I'm. Let's just finish this. I want to explain. So much.

Rabbit lift it up over your head. Now, you can have this back in just a moment,. But for the sake of the drill, for the sake of the exercise, just follow instructions. You guys know what a.

Frisbee is, right? I want you to imagine that this thing just turned into a. Frisbee. Float all the way behind you.

All the way behind you. Back behind the horizon. Marietta, what just happened? Gone.

It's gone. Oh [ __ ]. What just happened to your feeling? It's still there.

It. You're lying. He has tested my lab detection skills. He went, "You're lying.".

Very good. How many people noticed the feeling went away? Raise your hands. How many people are lying?

It's all right. If you if it didn't go away, you didn't throw it far enough. You ready for the. Next part?

Lift your hands up. Imagine you have big old vacuum cleaners in your hands or magnets, whichever works better. Pull that image back. And now what.

I want you to do is. I want you to put it where you like it the best, where it's the strongest, most wonderful, most satisfying feeling ever. and just put it right. Where you want it. It's your neurology.

We're teaching you how to run it. And let those feelings merge into every level of your body, every level of your mind. Let them become a natural part of the way you move. And when you know it's locked in, when you know you've got it, try to turn it off and notice what happens instead.

Can't turn it off. Oh [ __ ]. You mean you're stuck feeling good? Damn you,.

Skywalker. Anyway, good stuff. It gets better. Close your eyes.

And look. Inside at that feeling. Notice there's a color connected to that feeling. What's the color?

First impression. Don't have to tell me. Just know what it is. As you look.

At that color,. I want you to notice it's moving. It's spinning in a certain direction. Notice what directions it's spinning.

And here's what. I want you to do. I want you to reach in, grab that color, take it out, hold it in your hands in front of you. First thing.

I want you to notice is, did the color change or stay the same? First impression? Stay the same. Stay the same.

Excellent. Now, grab it. Notice it's spinning in a certain direction. Right.

I want you to spin it like a wheel in the direction it's already moving. Just double the spin, double the speed, double. Get your body involved. Double the force, double the magnitude.

Keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own. Until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was. When you know you've got it, slam it back into that spot. Oo, notice the change.

Notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper into your nervous system, any program that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions, the nervous system is going to begin to shed. It's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin. You may notice you start to sweat. You may notice things start to twitch.

Some people yawn, some people laugh, some people choke, some people just go. It's kind of fun to watch. Don't try to measure it. Don't try to manage it.

Just let the process happen. And when you know it's done, try to turn it off and notice what happens instead. What happened? You can't turn it off.

You mean. I'm walking up to complete strangers while we're friends now and making you and giving you guys feelings you can't turn off? Anybody else want to know how to do that? No.

That's a superpower, guys. And you all got it. Now, here's the best part. While holding on to this feeling, while holding on to the posture, while holding on to the breathing, without changing anything.

You ready? Try to feel bad. Keep your posture, your breathing exactly the same. Try to feel bad.

Notice you can't do it. Why? Well, aside from the neural linguistic stuff we just did, there is no. Power on this planet that can override your physiology.

There is no. Emotional state, no. Context or environment that can change your state without changing your physiology first. As long as you're in control of your posture and your breathing, you can be in any state you want, no.

Matter what's going on around you. That's the magic. Has nothing to do with the words. It has everything to do with the feelings.

Does that make sense? That's why. I had to start with something that's going to make you unstoppable out there in the field. So now, every time you see something you want, you're going to decide you want it.

You're going to make a plan, you're going to put the plan into operation, and you're going to nail it because those resources are already inside of you. You just have to find them. And all you have to do to reactivate that state is remember how you were standing. Now, we'll prove it.

It won't go one step further. Okay? But for this one,. I want you all to turn and face the wall.

So you're not looking at my ass when this [ __ ] happens. And. I know you're not looking at my ass cuz it's behind you. But that's a different issue.

All right? Now,. I want you to remember a time in your life when things didn't quite go. So well.

They didn't work out quite the way you planned. It was a little disappointing. Maybe you walked up to somebody and they vomited on your shoes or or maybe you just picked up the phone and they said, "No, doesn't really matter. All.

I want you to do is. I want you to see what you saw, hear what you heard, feel what you felt,. But most importantly,. I want you to remember exactly how you were standing or sitting.

What was your what was your what was your posture in that moment? How were you breathing?". And all. I want you to do is let those old feeling those old feelings come back. that's less than positive.

And as you do that,. I want you to pay attention to exactly how you're standing, exactly how you're breathing. And once you know you've got the feeling without changing your posture, without changing your breathing, try to feel good. Notice you can't do it.

Now, while holding on to this negative feeling as fiercely as humanly possible, all. I want you to do is shift your body back to the good physiology, the good posture, the good breathing,. But hold on to that negative feeling. Do your best.

Notice what happens instead. You can look. Up here now. Turn around.

Look. Up here. Keep that good posture, though. Roll them shoulders back.

What's your name, sir? Yes, you. Christian. Christian, pass the mic to.

Christian. I just got to talk to a guy with hair like that. It's cool. Christian, what'd you notice?

I noticed that all the bad feelings faded. All the bad. So, the minute you shifted back,. I'm paraphrasing,.

But the minute you shifted the physiology back to the positive posture in spite of consciously trying to hold on to the negative feelings, they went away. Yes, sir. Okay. I didn't want to put that in your mouth,.

But that's okay. pass the microphone to some other willing participant or unwilling participant in this case. What did you notice? Um, about the same. I shifted from feeling from sad back to positive and happy.

Even though my instructions were to hold on to the negative feeling as much as you could. No, you said to switch my posture. I said what. I said was while holding on to the negative feeling, oh, shift back to the positive posture and try to hold on to it.

But that's okay. You felt happy, right? That's a good thing. Pass it on down to the shaater.

Turn around. I definitely felt better by just getting my head and shoulders out. That's right. That's called a cranial recttomy.

You guys will get that tomorrow. What did you notice? Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness.

I knew that was coming. Um, honestly, just just turning around like. I knew in my mind that now. I'm in a positive state.

Okay, that was negative positive. And just just knowing that now. I'm in a positive state of mind that better. Excellent.

Pass it on to some other unwilling participant. This is a very interactive workshop. You might have noticed that. Go ahead.

Yeah. I had the exact same experience. I'm trying to hold on to that negative feeling. But just by changing my body, it just perfect.

One more. Two more people. Change your posture. Damn it.

She's had it already. She's had it already. Um,. I found myself to put hold on to negative with a posture.

Excellent. I had a conscious need trying to grab onto it. Isn't that weird? You see how now think about the game is rigged.

I knew you wouldn't be able to do it. Why? I've been doing this with thousands of people for 20 years. Okay.

The only time people can hold on to a negative emotion is by shifting their physiology back. Mhm. Do you understand that you can't hold on to a negative emotion if your physiology doesn't match the state? If you understand, if you really get it,.

I mean really get it. No. One can push your buttons ever again unless you let them. Okay?

It's not about the words. It's not about willpower. The sad and depressing fact about willpower in human beings is most of us have none. Okay?

When your body goes into a certain level of emotional stress, the. First thing that checks out is your rational mind. The part of you that works off of willpower. It's often been said that people will forget what you say,.

But they will never forget how you made them feel. Well, how you make them feel goes directly to what you're feeling in your body. You want to be flirty, you want to be fun, you want to be charismatic, you want to be attractive, you got to get in control of your body. You got to get back in your body.

When we live in a culture that systematically pulls us out, turns us into a bunch of talking heads. We relate to a monitor or a computer screen. We need to relate to people. We need to get back into the meat.

I'm a supernatural fan,. So everything. I'm going to have is going to have some weird television reference. All right.

Uh, just pass the mic up here,. But have a seat. Thank you. Now, our.

First drill tonight is going to be we're going to learn a little bit about body language 101. Okay? We got to get playful. We got to get fun.

So, we're going to do a couple of other uh really cool drills. Anybody mind getting anybody here have a substance abuse problem that. I need to know about? Chocolate abuse.

Now, thank you for reminding me. We have lots and lots and lots of hormone laced substance in the room. Oh,. I mean chocolate.

I'm sorry. Uh, one of the things that we need to understand about this whole feel good for no. Reason idea is this idea of what was called neuroplasticity. The more oxytocin which is the hormone that mediates and and is secreted by pleasure states in the body.

It is a powerful neurotransmitter that changes our neurology, it allows our nervous system to lay down new types of learning over the existing learning regardless of how long that learning's been there. If you think of the nerves or the the nerve cells in your body kind of. I always think of like anybody here know what chicken wire is. Okay.

Well, if you don't have you ever seen floats made with those those the thin wire that you can shape and stuff like that. That's how can. I kind of see all the the neurology in the brain. And what.

I think of when. I think of oxytocin hitting that system, if you took. A blowtorrch and just slowly ran the blowtorrch over the wire until it got really, really soft and pliable and. Then reshaped it and when it hardened, it became something else.

That's kind of what oxytocin when it hits your system starts to do. If you can secrete it in enough do in a high enough dose and keep the system there in that environment for long enough periods of time, you can literally rewrite any behavior. Okay? It's also the bonding hormone.

It's the hormone that mediates pair bonding between a mother and a child, a wife and a husband. Um it's it's plays a primary role in many types of. OCD u fetishes, things of that nature. and it is the most powerful hormone for learning. Now guys have another one that we that works off that we work off of called vasop prein.

But for all intents and purposes. I'm just going to refer to that oxytocin vasop prein as oxytocin just to keep it simple without getting too much into the biochemistry. My wife has a. PhD in biochemistry by the way.

So if. I get this [ __ ] wrong,. I'm going to hear about it. Okay?

But a couple of ways that. I can get you to a place where. I can start to install good stuff into you and you can just do these things automatically is a by getting you in as many different pleasure states as possible. Now the most oxytocin is released during intense continuous orgasm.

We won't be doing that tonight. I know,. I know,. I know it sucks.

Another way we can do it is by hugging for 20 minutes or longer. probably logistically not effective for what we're going to do, right? We're going to get friendly. We ain't getting that friendly. I can make you laugh a whole lot.

I can give you. I can make you access pleasure states as often as. I can. And.

I can give you lots and lots and lots of chocolate because it's naturally occurring in chocolate. So the more chocolate you eat, the faster you change. And. I also do weight loss.

So please during the breaks or what have you eat as it's all free there's again as much coffee as much water as humanly just eat it trust me you'll thank me. Later one way or another all right. So since this whole idea of the body right. We got to get playful we got to do all these things is there any way that we can use our body to get playful not that [Music] on when you think about posture, you think about body language.

Okay. When we say somebody is when we think of somebody as honest, as uh being very have a has a high moral character, how do we describe those people? Upright. Cheater.

She's been to my seminars before. Any other body type words that we use to describe somebody who's ethical and honest and has a good character? Upstanding. Open.

Look. In the eye. Okay. He's a standup guy.

Here's the thing you need to understand about your brain. Your brain has different layers to it and each of those layers processes a different kind of information. But many of those kinds of information overlap. There's a there's a a a subsystem in.

I forget if it's neuroscience or biology. It's called embodying cognition. And what they discovered was that the same parts of your brain that process physical warmth also process emotional warmth. So your brain is simultaneously literal, analogical, and metaphorical.

And. So when these words come out of our mouth, they're literal indicators of what our neurology is sorting for or how our neurology codes things. That's the science of. NLP.

It's the study of how your nervous system codes its experience. So it knows what to do in a given situation, right? So we talk about people who are honest and upright. And ethical.

We call him a standup guy. He's straight as an arrow, right? He's open. But what about people who aren't who aren't ethical, who aren't honest, who aren't straight up?

What do we call those people? Crooked. Crooked. Shifty.

Artist. What is it? Con artist. Con artist and liars.

And liars. Right. But that's not the body language. I'm body language terminology.

I'm looking for. Right. And a good con artist has his body language down. So well.

Unless you are really, really good, you won't see it coming. Right? But there are certain kinds of people that a con artist is sorting for. And they usually have a hole in their values.

That's the rub of it is most con artists only go after greedy people. Didn't know that, did you? Not doesn't mean they're not doesn't mean that they're not ethical or honest or good people. It just means that there's something they really really want and they're willing to cut some corners to get it.

And that's the kind of person that a con artist is looking for. Okay? More often than not, that's their that's the. Achilles heel.

But getting back to the whole body language idea, someone's crooked, they're bent, they're shifty. Now, do you know in theater if if they wanted to describe if they wanted to convey to the audience the kind of person or character that was being portrayed on stage, depending on whether the person was very cerebral, was very heart-c centered and giving, or very lusty, that's the part of the body they would lead with because it conveys a very powerful visceral image to the neurology. You get it? How does this relate to flirting?

Flirting has a body language. It has a posture. And regardless of what you consciously want, the minute you hit that posture, you can't help yourself. Everybody started to giggle.

Crooked people are dishonest. Honest people are upright. Flirty people are mischievous. you you open up a. Playboy magazine or men's magazine or women's magazine, you don't see the models going do you how are they how are they.

P no. Pun intended. How are they spread out? I had to goose your reptile brain a little bit there.

You see them in these postures, these asymmetrical angular postures. Everybody stand up. This is how pervasive this is, right? All.

I want you to do is stand up straight, put a big ass smile on your face, right? And. Then all. I want you to do is get a little a little leaning and notice what happens to the feelings in your body.

Kind of goofy, isn't it? Kind of mischievous. Kind of playful. You mean if.

I just did that for two two minutes,. I could actually have a different mindset? Yes. It's a tactical use of posture.

So that you can take on the states that you need to be in. So that no. Matter what comes out of your mouth, it will be effective. Here's how it actually works.

Most of us go looking for the right. Words to cause people to feel a certain way. So they will behave a certain way. So they'll do what we want.

True or not true? It's exactly the opposite because what we're taught to do is give people facts and figures. We're taught to talk to the the newest level of his brain, the neoortex. You guys know you everybody have a seat.

We'll come back to this. All right. You guys know you have three brains, right? Who does not know they have three brains and it's not the one below your waist,.

But it is connected. All right. Okay. Raise your hands if you you do not know.

Okay, that's where we start. At least we have one or two honest people in the room. All right. This is your brain on.

David. Oh, it's small. This is the new the oldest layer of your brain. It's called the paleo cortex.

Okay. It is your reptile brain. It does not think in emotions. It does think in feelings though.

And we talk about feelings, we're talking about primal drives, primal urges. Okay? Do. I eat it?

Do. I kill it? Do. I dot dot dot with it?

Right. Will it give me more stuff? It's also the one that thinks friend or foe. Move the genes forward.

Important concept. We start when we start looking at how to relate to another human being via gender. We have to look. At that particular aspect.

Remember something, your genes don't go to heaven. The genes stay here. So the reptile brain's job is designed to do anything and everything that moves the genes forward. In men, that means we beat it over the head and we kill it.

We take it home. We either eat it, skin it, or do whatever we do to it, right? And ladies that means we find ways to ally with it, ways to control it, ways to understand it and ways to utilize it. All right?

Both are reptilian. One is got to remember society to the reptile is a survival mechanism. Therefore important when it comes to flirting and it comes to attraction. Female neurology is hardwired to sort for high resource, high status human beings.

Okay? In pickup terms, we would call it. Ferrari game. Who has the most money?

Who's the strongest? Who has the the greatest degree of health? These are all suritable traits that lead to enhanced survival. Does that make sense?

So when we talk to the reptile brain and we speak and address that level first, all the younger levels of the brain follow it. Got it? Okay. Anytime.

I want 20 minutes more attention from you,. I'm going to make a sexual innuendo. Not because. I'm perverse,.

But every time. I goose the reptile brain,. I get 20 minutes more attention. There's an entire field of marketing called neuromarketing. designed to address and present information to the reptile brain.

There's a whole subsection of legal professionals, lawyers, personal injury specifically, who design their whole approach to activating and stimulating the reptile brain. And they have in the billions billions of dollars in verdicts based on this idea. These are what the highest paid professionals in the world are using every single day to push your buttons because they know if they stimulate your reptile brain,. Then you will have a physiological sensation in your body which will create a cascade of emotions which have associations connected to those.

And when that happens, how you perceive yourself and the world around you will change without you knowing it, without you realizing it, and you will become predisposed to filtering the information in the priority they want you to prior to to to sort it in. Paul. Ecman called that behavior the emotional refractory period. And it's a behavior that every single human being in this room does on a repeated basis every single day.

Anybody here ever been in an argument with somebody? Anybody here ever lie to me while. I'm asking a question? Here's a better one.

How many people here have ever been little children? Raise your hands. Okay, nobody here, only five people in the room have been little children. Did you not understand the question?

Raise your freaking hands if you've ever been a child. Thank you very much. How many of you when you were little children played pretend? Okay, very good.

We're getting better. Now,. I'm going to ask you a couple questions real simple. When you played pretend, you did raise your hand, didn't you?

What did you play pretend at? What was your favorite thing to play pretend? House. House.

Cool. Cool. And did you have imaginary housemates or did you actually have friends around the neighborhood that played with you? Friends.

Cool. Anybody here ever have imaginary friends? Raise your hands. We have meds for you.

All right. Do you have imaginary friends? Of course. Okay.

Hand him the mic. Let me speak to one of them. No. Sorry.

So, when you played with your imaginary friends, did you talk to them? Uh, yes. Sure. Did they talk back?

Of course. Excellent. Anybody else have imaginary friends? Give it to this young lady.

We'll pass the baton. Why am. I doing this stupid drill? It's all relevant.

Trust me. Tell me about your imaginary friends. Was a statue. A statue.

Boy, that was dynamic. Hi. How you doing? Talk back.

You talk back. Cool. We're going to up your meds real soon. Anybody else?

Who else played pretend? Pass it to the edgister. Uh, yeah. Yeah,.

I had some that actually they're angels. I talked to and they gave me answers to things that. I didn't know. I was asking like invest in.

Apple. I get it was weird. My parents thought. I was a freak.

Okay, freaks. How many people here played pretend again? No,. I'm not going to give you the mic.

It's okay. How many. How many of the ladies here were tomboy boys? Okay, cool.

I like you already. Any tom girls in the room? Nobody ever missed it. Now, here's my point.

You're out in the back. Here's my point. You're out in the backyard, right? Play and pretend.

Maybe you're playing. Soldier. Anybody ever play. Soldier?

Anybody like who was a superhero geek like me? I'm a soldier. I'm a total superhero geek. Go to my.

YouTube channel. You'll see me wearing. Spider-Man shirts,. Green.

Lantern shirts. I'm just a geek. I can't help it. But here's my point.

You're out in the backyard. We'll use. Soldier as an example, right? But it could have been, you know, teacups or fairy godmother or.

My. Little. Ponies or whatever. Doesn't matter.

But you had a toy or a prop or a stick that you picked up. And you knew when you picked up the stick, the. First five minutes you picked it up, it was just a stick, right? In the.

First five minutes. 6 and a half minutes later, it's a real. M60. You're really. Rambo.

There's really bad guys back [Music] there. I got to calm that down. Anyway, it's a re. You're.

So absorbed in that process. You're. So focused in that process. Were you asleep?

Nope. Nope. Were you having a ball? Hell yeah.

Were you focused on what you were doing? Ladies and gentlemen, if you can do that in this room, you can have anything you want because that's called trance. And that is how you access the nervous system, your nervous system. That is how you make changes in your neurology.

That is how you bypass the level of your brain that says you can't do that. Any emotional state that you experience is no. Different except that you don't realize you're in a trance. Every emotional state that your body goes through causes a certain level of absorption, a certain level of focus, and it changes how you perceive reality.

It changes how you perceive the world. So when. I asked how many people have ever been in an argument, how many people have been in an argument? You've gone through the argument process, you resolve the argument, and.

Then for some strange reason for the. Next 10, 15, 20 minutes, anything they say pisses or you say pisses them off again. Welcome to marriage. Anyway, did.

I say that out loud? True or not true? True. How many people have ever gone car shopping?

Now,. I'm looking for. I'm looking for a new car right. Now and.

I am doing all kinds of due diligence, right? And why am. I spending. So much time on this?

Because if you don't understand this, the world will control you instead of you controlling the world. You get it? All of these things are happening below the threshold of your conscious awareness and they're driving your bus for you and they're writing the results of your approach or your interaction before you even open your mouth. We get this right.

We got 80 80 to 93% of the whole problem nailed. The rest is translation. So,. I'm looking for cars, right?

I'm looking for a minivan. I can't bring myself to buy a minivan because my self-image just will not accept the fact that. I am a soccer dad. I just can't wrap my head around that, right?

But. I've looked at every every dealership. I can find in. San.

Diego. I've looked online. I've negotiated things. How many people have ever negotiated a car deal or really done their homework on a car?

All right,. So here's the deal. You. Finally get to the point where you make the buying decision.

Got the correct color. You got the right. Warranty. You got the right.

Price. Well, maybe not the right. Price,. But you're okay.

With it. You get in the car, you're driving home, you look. Out the side mirror, you look. Out the rearview mirror and the other side mirror, and every [ __ ] on the planet bought the same car, the same car, the same.

What the [ __ ]. Welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period. Your nervous system sorts and prioritizes what information it pays attention to. First based on the feelings in your body.

So if you look. At a hot person, whether it's a guy looking at a girl, girl looking at a guy, and the. First thing that goes through your body is fear, guess what movies you start playing. Guess how you start to interpret every little thing they do.

Your judgment. It frames the meaning of every piece of that interaction before you've even opened your mouth. Now, what if you could enter a state of absolute victory, absolute triumph, absolute playfulness, absolute curiosity, absolute relentlessness, and slick it on like a switch, own those feelings, and just walk up and talk to somebody? Would that be useful?

Yes. Would it be useful everywhere? Yes. Would you like to learn how?

I already taught you. I already taught you how to do it. Posture, breathing, play, pretend, move the pictures around. I taught you to.

I taught you how to do it. I didn't tell you what. I was teaching you cuz you would overco complicated it, right? I tricked you into getting better.

And it will only get better. For as long as your heart continues to beat, for as long as your lungs continue to breathe, this process will install itself at the deepest level of your neurology. Not just because. I say so,.

But because you've done it. You've experienced it. Now,. I can always tell who's going to get the most benefit from these events because.

I give you an instruction to do something. And the people who are going to get results are right. In there with me. Full absorption, 100%.

And. Then there's the smart guy or the smart girl. I tell them to stand up and they go,. I tell them to point to where they feel it.

They go, they have that blank look. On their face. I got it cognitively. [ __ ] cognitively. If you could cognitively fix this [ __ ] you wouldn't be sitting in a room.

Remember something, your conscious mind, the part of you that thinks in data, in knowledge, and information, is the weakest part of you. And it's completely at the mercy of the other two levels, the paleo cortex and your lyic system, aka your emotional brain. You follow me? The neoortex, that's the.

Last. Third level, is the part of you that thinks in facts and figures, data. It's also the part that gets bored the fastest. When the reptile checks out, the information stops going in.

This is why if you've ever been on a date, ladies, he's talking about his job, his car, his vacations, what he's going to do with his life, and he doesn't even ask you your. Last name, right? Anybody ever have that experience where the guy's just joining on and on about all the all the reasons why he's a good date, guys. Pay attention.

Pay attention. They don't care. I mean, they do because their socialization is different. They're designed to be accommodating.

They're designed to put their needs second. The problem is you don't reciprocate. And so, you do what you're trained to do because we don't think that complexely. We're simple creatures.

Hit it, kill it. Same sex, kill it. Different sex. Notice what happened when.

I went tonality. Tonality is also a [Music] nonverbal cue. Has nothing to do with the words. They say 93% of all human communication is non-verbal.

Right? Now, if you think 93% of all human communication is non-verbal. Now, think about that for a moment. If the sum total of all human communication were the equivalent of a 100 question test and you got every single word right, that's what 7% of the test.

What's your grade? Even if you got them all right, you failed. But let's say you didn't get any of the words right,. But you nailed the body.

You nailed the non-verbals. What's your score now? Now,. I don't know where you went to school,.

But where. I went to school, that was pretty damn [ __ ] good. And it kind of works like that. We're going to prove it.

I'm going to do. We're going to. We're going to take a short break. We're going to come back.

We're going to do some drills that will drive this in. We're going to show you how to be playful on demand, okay? We're going to show you a a a conversational framework that if you utilize it will allow you ladies to speedread any date you have and know within the. Next within the.

First 20 minutes of that date whether it's time to press your escape button, right? Or their keepers. Guys, you'll learn how to do it too. I had to tweak it for guys a little bit.

We're also going to show you the seven stages if we have time of body language and attraction flirtation, right? We're going to get even more playful though because what. I want to do is. I want you to actually practice some of these things with each other if.

I can. Would that be cool? Okay. Uh how many you guys have a good time tonight?

You learning a lot? This means yes. This give me some energy. Now.

I have a quick question for you. How many people like to have fun? Damn. How many people here are cool people?

Raise your hands. How many people here like to go to cool places? Do cool stuff. People like to go with cool people to cool places and do cool stuff.

In a moment,. I'm going to bring up a good friend of mine. His name is. Eddie.

Blackman. He runs. Vision. Pulse.

Creative. Center. And he's our sponsor for tonight. He's the one allow providing all of the wonderful coolements.

Everything from the the tables to the chairs to the. How many of you would like to practice some of this hot attraction stuff in. Aruba,. Cancun,.

Hawaii,. Rome, or if you're like. Eddie,. Pennsylvania,.

Then pay real close attention because. I'm going to bring. Eddie up. is going to talk to you about something that's really, really cool. I think you'll have fun with it.

If you like to travel, you like to go to cool places with cool stuff. Please welcome my good friend. Eddie. Blackman.

Who's got the microphone? Thank you. How do you. How you doing tonight?

Fantastic. Okay. Well, thank you for that introduction,. David.

I guess. I have to live up to a lot, right? Okay. All right.

Thanks. So,. I guess. I've been to.

Transennsylvania. That was my. Halloween party. Last year in a 12th century castle.

Does that kind of sound fun? Pennsylvania. It's actually a real place. People have asked me, "No, it's not on the east coast.

That's pencil.". Thank you. So, anyhow, um, how many of you have either dreamt about or had a honeymoon, like the most amazing honeymoon that you could possibly imagine? And those are usually the times when you go out of your way to kind of design a fantastic trip with your loved one, right?

That's like overboard. And if you haven't had a honeymoon, you've like dreamt about the honeymoon, right? How would you like to have that kind of feeling on every single vacation that you go on? Okay.

So, what would you rather have full price or discount on that kind of a vacation? Okay. Would you rather have a discount or would you rather go on that kind of a vacation for free? Duh.

Now, what would you rather have a free vacation like that or would you mind at all if someone paid you to go on that vacation? Okay. Well, that's what we do. You have those choices and we have a travel club, bucket list travel.

And if anybody wants more information, that's my little plug. That's what we do. and we have some amazing deals and things to talk about. I have been on 30 fantastic vacations in the. Last two years from pretty much any place around the world.

I'll tell you either. I've been there or haven't been there,. But what to do when you're there, how to get there, how to stay there, how to save money, how to have fun, and how to flirt with. Yay.

Okay, thanks. Thank you,. Eddie. We'll be over there by the team.

I got it. All right, give a round of applause for. Eddie. When.

Eddie came to me at the old vision pulse, he goes to being. David. Anytime. Eddie comes up to me and goes, "Hey,.

David.". I get nervous cuz it's either going to cost me money or make me do weird things on. YouTube. I'm not sure which.

He goes, "David, how do you how do you like to take your show on the road?". And. I'm like, "Okay, what's this going to cost?". He starts telling me about this idea.

You ever been. Anybody here been on a cruise? Are they cool? I went on a cruise in.

April. I got actually paid to go on the cruise. Now, it wasn't anything to do with the. World.

Ventures. Uh. I was actually hired to go on a secret mission, which. I can't really talk about.

I get paid to do really interesting things with my skill sets from time to time. And it takes me to all sorts of cool exotic locations,. But man,. I've never been.

So angry in my life cuz when. I saw how pampered these people were,. I'm like, [ __ ] if you poop, do they wipe your butt for you, too? It was an amazing experience, right?

And. I got to. I got to really really appreciate just how well a well-run cruise ship takes care of its people. So, if you guys do like to travel,.

I've seen the cruises that. World. Ventures offers. They are amazing.

And people are always bragging to me. I can't leave and do them because of my schedule. But. I did join.

World. Ventures not because of of all that stuff. It's cuz. I have a family of five.

And if you want to take a family of five anywhere, yeah, you get it. Anyway,. But. Leon's name, we're coming up on our break.

When we come back, let me give you a little rundown. Aside from the playfulness stuff that we're going to work on. We're going to talk about approach and approachability. We're going to talk about the three magic questions protocol and how it works.

We're going to talk about the seven stages of attraction that if you understand what you're looking for, you will know how that the stage at that any two people are as they go from complete stranger to 1 plus 1 equals 3. Okay? and it works on every human being with a pulse. Okay. The other things we're going to cover are the things.

I kind of uh teased you about earlier. We're going to talk about approachability secrets for women. We're going to talk about some of the body language behaviors and things that you're taught that actually keep the right. Kind of men from approaching you and make sure that the wrong ones do.

Okay. Um, got it all here. I mean,. I it's in my chicken scratch,.

So. I might be at the. I might have somebody read the braille rather than actually read the letters. But we're also going to talk about ways, ladies, to extricate yourself from these situations.

Just little one or two things that you can do that extract extricate you from the interaction without s, you know, destroying the guy's self-esteem. Unless he really deserves it,. Then we're going to just nail him, right? Uh guys, we're going to focus on how to get over that approach anxiety, how to get your attitude right, how to get your body right, and how to really approach somebody and signal genuine connection, signal genuine uh warmth in a way that's not threatening, in a way that radiates charisma and attraction to everyone in the room.

We'll talk about this idea of rapport, which everybody talks about, and what we call status gap, which you have to have if you want to generate a sexual tension. Because what flirting is is an implied promise of sex without the actual confirmation of or chance of sex. I shouldn't say a promise, it's a chance. Now, that's important to understand because ladies, when you flirt with somebody, it doesn't mean you're agreeing to have sex with them, right?

It's that sexual tension that makes it exciting. And. So how you manage that is very very important, right? The way you manage this is by learning how to get out when you need to get out, right?

Which is again where we're going to kind of fill in the gaps, kind of smooth things along. I'm going to take, like. I said,. I will take you as far as.

I can in this process. If you have specific questions, ask them. Right. Now,.

I love questions. I get. I get flack from my. YouTube channel all the time because.

I take questions and we go off on tangents,. But that's where the best stuff comes out. The other thing that we're going to do for ladies, if you want to, is. I have 15 or 16 actual body language tips that you can utilize to safely at whatever comfort level you want signal that you want to be approached.

Guys,. I'm going to teach you how to spot these things because you guys are missing out on a tremendous number of opportunities. And. I'll leave you with this thought.

Who initiates more approaches, men or women? It's all right. How many think it's men? Raise your hands.

How many people think it's women? Raise your hands. All the women in the room, raise your hand. 60% of all approaches are initiated by women. It's just the guys don't see it.

They don't perceive it. And ladies, you don't realize they don't perceive it. So, you interpret it as rejection or being a a uh beta male, for lack of a better word. We'll cover that particular genesis and how it works.

I'm going to go really fast because my job here is to just download as much of this stuff into as. I can. We're going to take 15 minutes. I want you to eat as much chocolate as humanly possible.

Drink as much water. Eat drink the coffee cuz we're going to need it. And. Then we're going to come back and we're going to play.

Thank you. You guys can clap. It's okay. I need the reassurance.
