Title: QFaGXOP3DZg.txt
Video Id: QFaGXOP3DZg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFaGXOP3DZg

Good afternoon evening welcome ladies and gentlemen welcome to secrets of face reading how to tell really cool things about people. But just by reading their faces i'm your dandy delightful host david snyder here to wow you with some amazingly cool stuff uh this is always my job you know when i started hey hey there logan how you doing you know when i started teaching back um in the uh when i. First moved to san diego back in it was 2005. i came down here and i had all this cool stuff that i loved to do. But i had nobody cool to do it with and.

So you know i i guess i'd i'd seen the advertisements for uh field of dreams once too many times a little voice in my head said if you build it they will come. So i just started putting meetups out there for teaching cool stuff to people to cool people anybody here like to do cool stuff if you like to do cool stuff go ahead and type that in the chat right. Don't tell me what you like to do that's interestingly private. But if you like to do cool stuff go ahead and say i love to do cool stuff david right.

And how many of you out here are would classify yourself as liking to hang out with cool people anybody here like to hang out with cool people go ahead and type that in the chat right. And. Then. Finally my.

Next question if you haven't figured it out yet this is a highly interactive webinar how many people here like to do cool things with cool people cool stuff with cool people go ahead and type that in the chat if you're one of those people if you're one of those people you're in the right. Place because what we're going to share with you tonight is easily one of the coolest things i have ever discovered and i've been very fortunate in my life to discover a lot of cool [ __ ] right. I've even been i've been even more fortunate to find ways to put all these cool things together in ways that give you a a practical real world result that's greater than the sum of the parts now i didn't do these things for you i'm going to be right. Up front with you the things i'm going to share with you i didn't go out and learn them and practice them and research them specifically to help other people i i had problems in my life that i wanted to solve that i needed a fix for and i was bound and determined to do whatever it took.

To get the life i wanted the way i wanted it and i just spent thousands of hours and hundreds of thousands of dollars pretty close to millions now to find those secrets anybody here wanted are willing to do whatever they want to get the life they want the way they want it just go ahead and type that in the chat if that's true for you right. You know i have this um no. I don't get too much into that i want to get into the content tonight. But for those of you um a couple of things.

First of all this is a very interactive webinar um i find uh that the more interaction we have between our online audiences and me that uh the more fun and educational and the more you tend to retain the information and that's really the point of of this webinar um is that everything we don't we don't do traditional webinars at nlp power or david snyder nlp our our job when we when we deliver a webinar and and just like every webinar you've been on there's going to be an offer at the end there's going to be some there's going to be a. Next step to take to bring your life to the. Next level. However our job isn't to to talk fluff fluff fluff for 90 minutes and.

Then at the end of that say buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff my job here is to in this fun and entertaining format as possible give you real world stuff that you can take away right. From this moment for free go out into the world and get a result. So we want to give you what we call actionable content things that you can actually use does that sound like like a good deal to get something away from this webinar that you can actually actually use right. Yes.

Absolutely and face reading which is what the topic of today's webinar is is easily one of the most powerful systems for understanding people whether that's you as a person in terms of your own spiritual path your your own uh way to find your mission in this world or if it's looking at others and getting and being able to speed read them and get a glimpse a queer real quick profile a personality profile a snapshot of that person's personality attitude temperament thinking style. So that you know how to deal with them right. And that's really what this is about everything at nlp power is about transformation it's about transforming you personally from the inside out about helping you to transform other people and to help people transform the quality of their relationship. So they get everyone gets more of the life that they want the way that they want it now before i jump into the what i call the david dog and pony show i want to give you some basic administrative stuff things that we need to understand.

First of all if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is not the best use of your time okay. I highly invite you to click away to find some other channel where that is more in alignment with your political spiritual or um value system sensitivities right. I don't my intention is never to offend anyone. But my style is very provocative it tends to provoke people and the one and that's actually a good thing because when you get provoked you find out where your tender points are you don't notice they're there until somebody pokes the bear.

So to speak. So my intention is to teach you and give you really cool stuff have a great time together in the in the time that we spend uh it's never too uh offend anyone. But if you do find yourself getting provoked by some of the things that i say um. Then there's something to look.

At in you know eat inside something for you to explore on your own that being said it is not necessary or required for you to believe anything i'm about to share with you on this webinar or any of my webinars for that matter i i focus a lot of the things that we teach on systems and mechanics that are not belief system dependent right. So you don't have to believe it in order for it to work for you you just got to do it and follow the instructions and if you follow the instructions the way we give it to you there's a high probability you're going to get a result and it's going to be the result in the direction you want to go would that be cool to have to worry about whether you believe it'll work or not. But just being able to do and follow a set of instructions and actually get a result is that useful i think it is i find it tremendously liberating right. Because belief systems change.

But mechanics don't and i like that okay. Very good okay. So. First and foremost uh i did get my disclaimer out of the way.

So once again if you're if you're sensitive to certain political issues or you know racist issues or sexual orientation issues or geographic issues or issue issues or tax issues probably not the best place for you right. Now i mean that from the bottom of my heart i'm not seeking to offend anybody. But i don't have time for [ __ ] and i'm pretty sure neither do you uh. Next thing is is that um my intention for this webinar my webinars don't fit neatly into 90 minutes and we realize that a lot of you coming into into this webinar are conditioned to these 90-minute webinars and.

So what we've done is we create we do what we call a free form webinar and what that means is that we for the. First 60 to 60 to uh 75 minutes we're going to deliver as much hardcore content actionable content as possible. Then we're going to transition into the. Next step in other words the offer that we've prepared for you today it's always a great deal on some really powerful information that will transform your life okay.

Once and that usually takes about 20 25 minutes to go through that. So we understand what each of the pieces are how they work together and how they they they help you take the information in this webinar to the. Next level once that part is done we're going to circle back to the content of today's training and we're going to continue to teach for another 50 60 another night sometimes up to another 90 minutes we're going to deliver more content. So that you can get even more bang for your buck for investing in the time for this webinar.

So if you've scheduled a 90-minute block for this webinar because most of us have to schedule things in nice neat blocks. Then you'll get a good chunk of stuff in that 90 minutes and you'll be able to go and and do your thing with awareness of what the offers are and. Then circle back to the other half of the webinar uh when your time and scheduling permits for those of you who have dedicated their entire evening to this training bear with us through the offer part and and take action when we ask you to take action and you're going to get some amazing um amazing things that you can do. So my promise to you if this is the scope of everything that there is to do in with face reading we have time for about this much.

So my commitment in a very succinct way is i'm going to take you as far as i can into the most actionable and useful and practical applications of this skill set in the time that we have and. Then i will tell i'll show you where to go to get more to take your life to the. Next level to take your skill sets to the. Next level is that fair if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chat for me cool excellent.

So two more things. Then we're going to jump into the david dog and pony show hey how many of you on the webinar today is this your. First time visiting planet david go ahead and type that in the chat uh. First time your name and where you're checking in from um and.

Then of course if you are a veteran of planet david if you've been watching our channel we're gonna subscribe to our channel for any number of times if you've been to some of our live events especially i have a special job for you as you probably noticed there's a lot of people there's at least 70 plus people on the zoom rink and i don't know how many hundreds of people are coming in on youtube and stuff is flying by the chat. So fast that if there's a question that comes up i may miss it um. So if you're a veteran of planet david if you've been to our live events and you've used the material that they have a question about and i don't see it or i don't answer it because a lot of times i'm. So focused on delivering the content that i i can't answer the questions without derailing the whole presentation if you can answer those questions and you've had a good result using the question please those of you who are veterans for planet david please take the time to reach out to the people who are asking the questions and answer the questions give people a chance to really because you expect me to have an agenda because i'm the guy presenting the webinar you expect me to say buy my stuff by myself it always works it always works it always works.

But the people on the webinar the people who've been to the trainings who've gotten the live events and things of that nature who've gone out into the world and use these things they're the ones that that really carry the most weight with the audience. So hopefully um that's where we go i love questions and if you're worried about whether i'll answer your question or not keep in mind that i always go back and review the chat logs for all of my webinars and if uh if you don't get your question answered here if you go to the comment section when this webinar gets posted and re-ask your question i always reread those comments and i always answer the questions. So um that's one. Last thing if you come in here expecting to get if you're a troll expecting to get attention i have a low to zero tolerance policy if you start posting messages that are distracting the other members i will not give you a warning i will just put you in timeout or ban you um and if you hear kids in the background screaming it's because they're home and they're hyper.

So are we good with that is that is that a fair a fair trade. So to speak cool excellent and of course those of you on on youtube there's about a 45. Second to a minute and a half delay depending on internet speeds between when i when i actually speak and when it shows up there. But.

But the chat itself is in real time. So i'll be bouncing back and forth uh between that stuff. So without any further ado um i'd like to go ahead and jump into our formal presentation i will go as far as we can in the time that we have if i see a relevant question here and there and it's and it's not going to distract us too much i'll answer it really quickly. But otherwise i'm just going to go ahead and go through all the different things i've got planned for you tonight that fair cool all right.

Let's go ahead and do this. So probably the. First question for those of you who are. First timers is and by the way this is how to instantly read anyone's personality in just minutes and when i.

First started learning about face reading i already had about 10 or 15 years worth of handwriting analysis experience and i think and i thought that when i. First discovered it was one of the coolest tools ever and if you haven't studied any handwriting analysis i highly recommend that you do unfortunately with all the typing and everything that people are doing nowadays it's kind of a lost art it's harder to get a good sample to evaluate. But there is a lot of there is a lot of correlation between the markings of the face and the movements in people's handwritings. So if you get a chance um uh i'm happy to kind of explore that a little bit with you.

But in this course we're going to talk about how to understand how people think and feel and behave we're going to show you ways to uncover hidden traumas that have marked on the face how to read people's repressed emotions how to know how to influence and persuade them and if we have time we'll even show you how to measure sexual and romantic compatibility. So the biggest question that a lot of people have especially uh if they're first-time uh viewers is who the hell is david snyder and why should i care. First and foremost i'm i have a doctorate in oriental medicine i've been a licensed and practicing acupuncturist since 2005. i have a clinic here in san diego where my specialty my specialty is treating physiological illness that uh has as its root repressed emotion. So while a lot of people who are are doctors of acupuncture um or um hypnotists and neuro-linguistic programmers they spend a lot of time on things like weight loss and smoke cessation nail biting things of that nature we tend to get people who are suffering from very very severe post-traumatic stress uh cancers multiple sclerosis parkinson's ibs crohn's a lot of physical chronic and and terminal illness which is due to repressed emotions and what you're going to discover as we go through today's training is that there's a lot of correlations between what comes into a hypnotist office what comes into an acupuncturist office and the markings on the face and we're going to hopefully bridge that gap.

So you can see how it all fits together. So i have a doctorate in acupuncture in chinese medicine for pacific college of oriental medicine in 2000 this year 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer in the world by globalgurus.org i've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from advanced hypnotherapy energetics to sales and marketing techniques uh conversational hypnosis covert hypnosis uh body language and how to how to use nonverbal influence and things of that nature and i've compressed those trainings into several um silos of information one is the cpi system the conversational persuasion and influence system the other is the killer influence system which we're going to talk about a little bit more in just a moment and what's cool about globalgurus.org is every now and. Then they do things i don't expect and. So what this is right.

Here is a a letter i got from globalgurus.org and it says dear david it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp which is neuro-linguistic programming you can see here and what's really cool about this is i had no. Idea there was even a contest for this this just came completely out of the blue and if you look. Here these are all the the courses that nlp was our killer influence was compared against and was found to be the uh the number one program of its type in the world which is even cooler because i never i never promoted killer influence as an nlp power program or an nlp program it definitely utilizes nlp. But it's definitely not uh something that i build as pure nlp it's it's like many of the things that i teach it is absolutely um a synergy of many things okay.

I also hold a lifelong martial artist and as you can see i have a 10th degree black belt in rookie kempo karate i have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao. Second degree black belt in kosho kamparu. First to be black belt in fonkuru jujitsu i'm a certified instructor in combat systema cinco manuscrima and modernise and uh i also have a lot of energy healing credentials i'm a certified ranking master teacher i'm a certified chronic healer and advanced chronic healer i'm also a product psychotherapist certified dna theta healer um i'm also certified in the banks and energy healing systems as well as the holographic memory resolution by brent baum why does all this what does all this have to do with is because there's you know you may ask yourself what do all these things have have in common and what all these things have to do with reading faces well the. First thing all these things have in common acupuncture reiki neuro-linguistic programming martial arts they all have one thing in common that stands out that allows you to really get below the surface of these things and that is pattern recognition what all these have things have to do with face treating pretty much everything you're going to see that all these different disciplines are filtered through your neurology and they're done in a holographic vibrational way and.

So when you understand how they fit together you can start to discern patterns and these patterns allow you to understand people's processes how people think how people feel how people behave and once you understand that you can start to inject things at key points in those structures and those processes and deviate or cause them to veer from their um from the course of action they're taking or predict what they're going to do and it allows you to plan things more effectively. So this class is for you if you would like to become super attractive and super interesting to members of the opposite sex if you'd like to become more charming fascinating and irresistible there is no. Faster way to do it than to start telling people about themselves if you'd like to learn how to banish fear and insecurity even stuff you don't know you have from your life this is something you're going to want to pay attention to if you'd like to make more money from your job. But more clients for your business get that raise or promotion that you know you deserve pay attention to the information in today's webinar because it can directly impact how you relate everyone around you and that can that can equate to more money more promotions and more social influence in your sphere if you'd like to learn how to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people there are certain telltale markings that people have on their face that can let you know when someone may be a little bit more challenging or may have to be handled in a certain way that might not have been useful that could have caused you to step on a land mine if you weren't really aware of it if you'd like to know how to have people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want them to have them naturally following your lead there is probably no.

Better way to get inside somebody's head and heart than understanding the markings on their face uh if you'd like to program yourself for financial abundance this is something that can be very very powerful as a result of facing especially when we start talking about golden path work you know if you like to inspire your employees your children or your spouse to do what you want them to do when you want them to do it this can give you some very powerful insight into how to present things to them in such a way that they just want to go along with it because it they don't find any resistance to it if you'd like it for those of you who are in the hypnosis in nlp worlds who are looking for ways to enhance your ability to put people into powerful trance states trances where they you can reprogram them and help them overcome blocks to success reprogram their subconscious mind get rid of negative emotions things of that nature face reading induces trans when you do actual interactive phase shooting with people they go into a profound trance and they actually start to process stuff out. So there is an energetic process that happens to people when you start engaging in the traditional face reading approach um that causes people to kind of begin to vent negative emotions and things like that. So it makes you very very uh you gotta be i do warn people who are gonna use this for therapeutic applications this will tend to make you a little bit more provocative uh when you interact with people and and what i mean by that is is that you'll tend to zero in on things you'll bring them to that person's attention all of a sudden they'll start to ab react they'll start to emote spontaneously because you poked you literally poked a very sensitive bear they didn't know they had. So again if you're going to use face when you need to use it with respect and with the proper amount of gentleness and compassion because it will tend to make you a little bit more uh influential with people for you know even the slightest things.

So if you've said yes. To any of the things on this on this training. Then you're probably in the right. Place and we're gonna jump into content okay.

So here's my personal promise to you once again i'm going to take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i'm going to point you in the direction of where to go for more. But that only happens if you stay to the end. So if you stay to the end this is what i'm going to do my best to deliver to you today i'm going to teach you some of the most powerful and effective ways to read and understand yourself and anyone you meet i'm going to teach you how to understand and profile personality and temperament how to discover people's trauma histories how to read it on their face how to know what ages they happened at how to begin to uh profile people and and discern sexual and romantic compatibility how to read personality and i repeated myself there and. Finally i'm going to teach you how to become a master of people reading and people influencing does that sound like a good agenda for today if you think that's a good agenda go ahead and type that in the chat cool excellent thank you all right.

So this is where we jump to me hi all right. Um here's what i'd like you to do right. Now now that's my agenda for today. But what i'd like to share what i'd like to ask you guys now is what are your biggest most important questions that you have right.

Now about face free in other words if you've logged into this webinar with these one or two burning questions that if you came away with these the concrete practical workable answers to that question you would feel like you've gotten more than your times investment worth whatever those questions may be i want you to go ahead and type that into the chat right. Now. So i can customize the content of today's webinar to meet those needs as best i can. So go take a few minutes and type into the chat exactly where you want to use this stuff and how you would like to use it once again i apologize for the kids in the background it's just kind of a thing when two girls get home all hyper from school reading people to know how to respond to them okay.

How old does someone have to be in order to read stuff on their face from past traumas excellent how to read with masks pick up on forgotten traumas okay. Determine romantic compatibility between partners it counts sounds like i nailed it on the head with this one okay. Uh emotional info visible on the face oh we'll cover that in space kathleen uh find comparability and friendships and business how to get rid of trauma lines reading people excellent how can we help the younger generation and beyond to be honest self-application how to get rid of trauma uh be more social and hold conversations okay. You guys are all in the right.

Place. So here's what i'm gonna do while you're typing that in i'm just gonna take a minute and see if i can calm down my hellions just a little bit and. Then i'm gonna come back and we're going to get into stuff hold on a sec all right. We're back okay.

Guys. So a lot of great questions and let's go ahead and start jumping into the answers. So one of the problems that i had let me let me explain kind of where i come from uh my teacher in face reading who is still my teacher today and i still go to her for advanced trainings and and actually to read to review things is a woman by the name of lillian pearl bridges and. So if you're interested in getting the tradition she comes from a long line of uh face readers as part of her family tradition and she teaches in a very classical taoist way i think she's absolutely amazing she's.

So good she can look. At your face and actually discern your myers-briggs profile i'm working up to that i'm not there yet. But uh one of the reasons that um i mentioned her is because a it's tradition to always honor your lineage and honor your teacher and. So i just want to give a shout out to lillian and say thank you for all the amazing things you've taught me and we'll continue to teach i highly recommend if you want to go deeper into face reading that you grab her book.

It's called face reading in chinese medicine by lillian pearl bridges you can find it on amazon you can also go to her website lotus institute.com and purchase it through her she doesn't make a lot because she uh. But anything that and anything helps um and. So i just want to you know really say thank you to lillian said what i'm going to share with you is my approach to face reading and what i mean by that is when i started studying face reading everything i was taught presupposed that you had a background in chinese medicine that you understood yin and yang and the five elements and how they interact and the behaviors that go with it and the symptomologies and the organ relationships and things of that nature and i realized as i was going through it that not everything in the face reading system was immediately applicable to the areas we're in right. Now which is persuasion and influence and.

Then. Finally transformation is usually big on people's lists. So what i'm going to share with you is the things that i discovered that immediately jumped out at me to be instantly actionable that would give you an advantage in a negotiation a relationship uh and and really uh just something you can take out in the world and use right. Away and the.

First thing that came to mind to me was when lilia started talking about how people make decisions and how that relates to the markings on the face. So one of the things that happens is that you can divide the face zones and that's what we're going to do. But that's the approach that we're going to take today and we're going to we're going to skip some of the things that are done that are taught in the classical approach because they're not immediately applicable to what we want to do. But.

Then we'll fill those blanks in as we go. So the. First thing i want to talk about is how people process information and how that relates to how they think and how you can begin to use it to change the way you present information to get the most positive response from that person would that be useful do you think that would be useful okay. So that's where we're going to go.

First. So when we start looking at the face we want to start thinking about zones and. So what we've got here is understanding how people think indicators of cognitive preference. So when we start to look.

At indicators of cognitive preference we want to divide the head itself into three distinct areas here okay. And what we want to do is we want to pay attention to the relative size of each area compared to each to the others. So if we start let's and we'll start with zone one here two and three. So people who have a much larger area from the the up the top of the eyebrow to about the hairline is where i was taught to measure.

But some people do the top of the head. But i use i use the hairline as a measurements. So this area here is if this area is larger in proportion than the rest of the face you're looking at somebody who is very very data driven these are people who do not necessarily make snap decisions they want all the data one of my colleagues and partners now uh brandon burr who runs jet webinar and who is actually uh manning the back of the room on this webinar if you look. At his head he looks like an upside down bowling pin his head now i don't mean that disparagingly.

But his his upper zone is massive he's very data-driven and every time you ask him a question he tends to answer in spreadsheets right. He's uh he's he's just that way in it and it's a good thing because he wants to know the numbers. So if you're dealing with somebody that has ver a very large upper zone it's important to lead with the facts and the data to support your conclusions right. They're going to want to know if they want to climb into it they're going to want to crunch the numbers themselves.

So if you come at them uh like at a zone three which is an emotional instinctive level telling people how much they're going to love it. But you don't have any data to support it they're going to kick you out okay. Another thing i want to talk about with regard to these three zones is that it's not one or the other. So what do i mean by that in nlp we have these things called propulsion systems what happens with a propulsion system is that you move they say you move towards pleasure.

Second towards pleasure and away from pain and and they try and people tend to classify you as a towards or an away from kind of a person. But the truth is is that none of us are are towards or away from we are either towards without a tour starting with towards moving towards away from or away from moving towards uh moving towards pleasure. So in other words we move towards pleasure and away from pain or we move away from pleasure away from pain and towards pleasure does that make sense i'm kind of stumbling over my feet right. Now or something over my tongue.

But uh i just want you to understand that and and i'm going to show you how that relates to this in a moment um. But are we are we clear. So people either move towards pleasure and away from pain or towards pain are tort away from pain and towards pleasure it's both consequently when we look. At somebody who is dating we look.

At somebody's three zones what we want to know is what do they do. First what do they do. First and we can always tell what they do. First by which zone is the biggest oops let's go down here that would be their.

First zone right. And. Then we look. At the.

Second biggest zone. Then we look. At the. Third biggest zone why because this tells us when we look.

At these three things we look. At these three things it gives us the sequence of data to deliver. So when i look. At somebody who's got a large upper zone and that zone is bigger than any other place i know i need to start with giving them the facts and figures giving them the data right.

If i notice that the middle zone is the. Next biggest. Then i want to tell them all the different ways that they can use what i'm presenting to them or how what i'm talking about will benefit them in practical um easy to understand sequences right. And.

Then. Finally i want to talk to them by how much they're going to love it or how much they should trust their gut on this now what if i'm looking at somebody and i see the reverse what if i see that this lower zone is actually the biggest and. Then their data zone is. Second and.

Then their pragmatic zone is. Third well what that tells me is that i need to tell talk to people. First about how much they're going to love it how much they should go with their gut and what i'm about to talk to them and. Then i'm going to give them the data to support that and.

Then i'm going to outline all the practical ways that they can use it. So when we look. At zones of the face and the way we measure we look. At zones of the face we're looking at the sequence what is the relative proportions and what and that will give us an order about how to talk what if every zone is the same and these people often have trouble making a decision if every zone is the same.

But when that when you see that. Then you would focus on i would go to a criterion values list station. But people who i i i find as a rule if you have trouble if you have trouble figuring out if people are balanced like this i found my good rule of thumb is to start with the pragmatic zone i start in the middle okay. And.

Then once i see how they respond i'll jump to data or to the instinctive or the emotional zone now one of the things you need to understand about people with very large lower zones they tend to be very physical or emotional one of the good ways that you can test this by the way is to go to places that are uh tech based campuses in other words like down here in san diego right. Down the street from my house is a place called qualcomm and if you go and hang out on the campus at qualcomm during lunch everybody with very few exceptions are huge up here a little bit smaller here and even smaller here because those kinds of activities attract people who are very data oriented okay. Now if you go to something like an mma gym what you will tend to see is bigger upper zone slightly smaller practical zone and. Then the cognitive zones i'm not saying that they're not they're not smart at all.

But you're going to see the emphasis this is going to be even smaller now what you will see on a lot of people who are in mma gyms especially if you don't see a lot of variants here you'll see a lot of protuberance in these areas right. Here big jaw big eyebrow bones okay. We'll talk about those a little bit. Later these are very associated with athletic ability okay.

But when we start looking at ways to that people can begin to think and the way people make decisions and if we want to learn how to present information in such a way that people will take the information in and process it in the most harmonious way possible this gives us some very powerful inside if you look. At my if you look. At my upper zone i'm extremely data driven. But my practical zone is almost as big and a lot of the things that drive me are how can i use this you know once i get the data i'm like applications just start popping out of my plate and i just go for it that's kind of my sequence data pragma pragmatism and.

Then. But i don't i'm not very spreadsheet oriented i want to know really the data that's going to help me the most and how i can make it actionable. So um does this make sense that we can look. At the zones again the upper zone is from the top of the eyebrows to the hairline the middle zone is from the eyebrow line to the philtrum and.

Then from the philtrum to the chin is your lower zone. So are we good there cool now remember you don't got to believe this just go and watch people go go amongst humans in their natural habitat and observe right. And again i would recommend that you start by actually learning to measure each of these zones go to your family members measure the zones and notice notice how consistent that is or not consistent that is right. Horse is saying i think every human is primarily emotionally driven that is true.

But what's their lead representational system in other words are they do they just love it and they go for it do they see the practical applications and they get a feeling that it's good and. Then they go for it or do they take the numbers they get a feeling and. Then they go for it you know horses you're not wrong in that every human being makes decision based on emotion. But what leads to that emotional response and what's the fastest most direct route to that emotional response looking at the different zones of the face can give you the smoothest sequence of information presentation to get that emotional response in the direction that you want them to go right.

Does that make sense cool excellent all right. So that when i. First started learning this this was like one of the coolest things um because i saw immediately how we could use this and i found it to be largely true if i if i go into a meeting with somebody and i see this big big upper zone i know i'm going to have to have all my data ready because they're going to ask me questions that i'm going to need data to support these people are very evidence-based. So are these people.

But they're going to spend more time on the practical applications and the results it generated than the data that supports the conclusion okay. If one eyebrow is lower than the other which one should we take as a measurement um i would i would be conservative and go with the upper one like i said my my experience has been and again this is just purely my my field reason my field results watching people is that when the areas are evenly balanced or there's any ambiguity in which zone may be dominant i start with the pragmatic zone because as far as i know people always want results they always want to know how to how something is going to benefit them the question is how how do they go about believing in the ver and the truth of that of that solution do they trust their gut right. Or do they they trust the data that supports it right. So to me if you can't accurately determine which is dominant i start with the pragmatic zone and.

Then based on the responses and the questions that they ask me i'll go with data or i'll go with their gut feelings and if i'm echoing them like i've taught you in secrets of human influence or mental training secrets or weapons of social seduction. Then you're going to nail their strategy no. Matter what. But this nice thing about face reading is i can see this from across the room and.

So before i've even interacted with them before i've even engaged with them i could start to create in my mind a working profile that can serve as a road map for how to deal with them whereas a lot of times when i'm in a conversation with somebody and i'm thinking about all these different things there's a lot of other information that i'm having to juggle. So i like to i like to focus on things that i can i can ascertain from a distance. So that by the time i'm interacting with them i have the ability to to to have a map to follow okay. That's just how i do it does that is that useful to anybody cool all right.

Let's go back to this. So again. First thing we want to look. At is the order and sequence of their zones is their upper zone bigger is their middle zone bigger is their lower zone bigger right.

Remember that people who are in in chinese medicine we call this the heaven zone the people in the upper zone are very data driven they're very mental they're very cognitive this correlates also to handwriting analysis people who have a large upper a lot of handwriting traits that move into their upper zone of their handwriting tend to be very cognitive they'd be very creative right. People who in the middle zone are more pragmatic they're results oriented they want to know how this is going to help them and. Finally the people with the larger lower zones tend to be very emotional they tend to be very instinctive they go with their gut a lot of times. So this is a great way to begin to really drill down on a person's potential personality and temperament.

So let's move on to the. Next piece which we call public and private when we talk about public and private you know my good friend chase hughes when he talks to his students he tells you he tells the students that everyone you meet is wearing a mask and depending on what kind of influence you're going for you either want to support that mask or peel it away in face reading we have this concept called uh original face public face and private face and the way we start to discern this is by by dividing the face into indus into sections horizon not horizontally. But vertically right. Down the center the right.

Side of your face is your public side this is the face that you show the world this is the face that you want people to believe is the real you okay. The left side of your face is your private side this is the real you who you are when nobody's looking the person that you want to be when you're not having to put on a show when you're amongst a few intimate friends or in your closest relationships this is you know this is when you let down the walls. So to speak and. So when we start to look.

At people most people are right. Eye dominant and. So what happens is when we look. At people we tend to look.

With our right. Eye at their right. Side in order for us to ease to easier see a person's private face or private persona we it's best to use your left eye to look. At the left side of the face okay.

So this takes a little bit of training now this is actually really really useful once you understand how various facial characteristics equate to various types of emotions and various types of emotional openness to responses for example one of the things we'll talk about really quick is the size of a person's eyes. Most people's faces are not symmetrical and. So if you look. At a person many times you will you'll see that the eye on one side of their face is actually bigger than the eye on the other side of their face and the size of the eye how how wide they hold it open is analogous to how emotionally expressive a person is how readily they take in information how suggestible they may be lower or smaller eyes.

Eyes. That are more held even if they're big eyes. But they're held more closed this tends to show you how guarded a person is how much they guard and put up barriers uh between their inner world and their outer world. So if you're looking at somebody's face and the right.

Side of their face the eye is very big and very open what you can intuit from that is that in their public life in their business life these people are much more outgoing much more open much more conversational and interactive than when they're alone when they're in their private life and you can start to see a correlation between the size of people's eyes. And the size of their loops in their handwriting there's actually a direct correlation there that you can draw and. So you know we we like people who hold their eyes. Wide who hold their eyes.

Open not not you know scary open. But big and wide this tells us that someone is very open very uh they're not they're not holding things back. So much they're not as secretive right. So uh one of the things we start to look.

At when we start to look. At private versus public is you know what when we look. At the features which we'll talk a little bit about the features themselves towards the end of the webinar. But we're going to spend a lot more time on emotions today is that okay.

If we spend a lot of time on emotions go ahead and type in the chat if that's okay. Excellent excellent right. And in advanced trainings and for those of you who are wondering we do have a face reading three day face reading training coming up it's a virtual training coming up this weekend we do have a few slots left if you're interested you can reach out to stephanie and uh and she'll teach you i'll show you how to get into that. So let's go back to this.

So one of the things we want to pay attention to is the the size of one feature to another public versus private this starts to give us two separate profiles and and depending on what our outcome is we want to speak to one side of the face or the other now here's what i mean by that in the business world it's all about appearances it's all about impressions and branding and image right. So when you see people and you look. At their right. Side what you're seeing is their brand in other words the the image that they want you to have of them and.

So if you want to get further faster with people in the business world you want to present to the face they show the public okay. If you want to gain deeper intimacy and emotional leverage hold on a. Second emotional leverage on somebody. So let's say this is a romantic relationship a familial relationship you know you know husband wife uh sibling to sibling father to daughter or father to son mother son mother to daughter you want to spend more time here because this is who they really are and these are the things that actually drive them to do the things that they do when they're not at work does that make sense is this useful okay.

Now remember face reading by itself is very powerful when you add face reading to echo technique and three magic questions and uh the resistance removal protocols and the criterion value solicitation processes that we teach you in our other classes and our other webinars you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts you gain tremendous tremendous leverage over the internal and external worlds of the people you interact with now that's tremendous power to have. So it needs to be respected and used appropriately i'm not a persuasion cop right. And you will sew what you reap. But this gives you tremendous psychological influence over people.

So um and we have and we've just covered two ways of looking at things. So steph is asking. So yin is on their right. Side and yang is on their left side correct yes.

Based on this system of chinese medicine and by the way just for the record you do not need to know chinese medicine or yin and yang to use what i'm teaching you right. Here i deliberately chose things that were yin and yang independent you didn't need to know anything about that to be able to use this. But for those of you who want to know the the traditional aspects of this the right. Side in this system is considered yin the left side is considered young okay.

And this is right. Out of lillian's book. So feel free to reference it or call her with any questions that you may ask now i gotta be honest with you if when we start looking at yin and yang and male and female right. And left things can get pretty wonky.

So i would i would recommend that you push the yin and yang aspects of this kind of to the background and just focus on the practical aspects of what i'm teaching you left side is private right. Side is public when you look. At people's right. Side versus their left side you're going to look.

At the size length and depth of features from one side to the other to determine where they're stronger the question asked is which book. Is this from this face reading in chinese medicine by lillian pearl bridges you can get it on amazon okay. Cool all right. So.

Next piece i want to talk about is called uh emotional the emotional map of the face and once again this is again top to part of the big three when i was when i was learning face reading and she started going through this this was like peter how many people just for my identification are in some form of coaching or therapy you know their therapist or mentor or something uh like that okay. If if this is this is where we start to get into the really really really powerful stuff because once we understand uh you know the thinking zones in other words data driven pragmatic emotional or instinctive public side versus private side now we factor in emotions now we can start to extrapolate a very very robust profile of this person and we can do it very quickly and it'll start to lead you to places in them as you can start to discern trauma history you can start to look. At sexual romantic compatibility and put things together in a way that's useful for us okay. So let's go ahead and jump in now we won't have time to do the full map before it's time to take our break and you.
