Title: QfTud-bXu-o.txt
Video Id: QfTud-bXu-o
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfTud-bXu-o

Better patterns how to use patterns better okay. So now we have see. I'm already teaching you more. NLP this is called.

The. Meta model what pattern specifically are you trying to work with. I guess that's what. I'm here to find out that there it is right.

There see one of the. First rules again if you want to apply the critical path of influence that we teach one of the reasons that our approach to. NLP makes it. So much user friendly is we have this thing called the critical path of influence it has six seven actually basic steps the.

First one is know your outcome what is it you want to be able to achieve or what result are you going for if you don't know what that is good luck starting if you're going to wind up somewhere else right. In fact if you if you apply the we call it the universal persuasion protocol you can learn in killer influence you can learn in. CPI one um and. Then we have an.

NLP. Ultra class coming up in. May. So yeah.

Anyway bottom line is got us know with what you want one of the reasons is like for example if we're going to do hypnotic language pattern one of the most powerful language patterns. I'm going to give you. I'm going to we're going to talk about three in this in tonight because these three control just about every single function that you're aware of and most of the ones you're not aware of those patterns are awareness cause and effect and complex equivalence now you can delete the words complex and equivalents and just say meaning because we're not just talking about language patterns we're talking about primary filters of experience and information at every level of your nervous system okay. If you understand awareness cause and effect and meaning you can pretty much change anything you want into anything you want and have it mean whatever you decide it means right.

You can completely ignore things that bother you and focus on the things that build you up three patterns of the 60 plus that. NLP talks about are like the. Apex they control. So many things now the challenge when.

I teach you guys any form of hypnotic language especially the. Primal ones is that one of the side effects of hearing hypnotic language is spontaneous amnesia you'll get the meaning it'll go in it'll have the effect. I want it to have. But if.

I ask you to recall what. I said literally that way right. And we have we that the effect is. So pervasive that we actually had to change many many years ago we had to change how we taught people to use hypnotic language the.

Last thing we wanted you to do was listen to it in order for you to install hypnotic language effectively you need to read it you need to write it and you need to speak it pretty much in that order right. Because if you don't understand it it's going to the moment you hear the words it's going to go in and because it's coming in on your auditory channel it's going to overwhelm your language centers you're going to go into trance your brain is going to open up like a like a present on. Christmas on. Christmas.

Day the stuff's going to go in and. Then it's going to close and when. I ask you what. I just said you like.

I don't know. But it'll feel good when. I'm doing it right. So a lot of times you notice there's candy all over your seats one of the reasons is is.

I have to get you in a highly neuroplastic. State. I have to get you guys into a brain state that is that is conducive to accelerated learning if we start playing with hypnotic language your natural 7 plus or minus two bits of cognition is going to drop to three and time is going to slow down you're going to get the time. Distortion effect you wanted.

So badly and you're going to swear to. God and little green apples that you're doing these things wrong until. I actually. I had you read the patterns out loud and.

I was like perfect you're like huh because it's going to change your brain it will literally that's actually what the. CPI training actually does is it actually rewires your language centers right. But we're going to look. At we're going to look.

At those patterns a little differently in this class because we want to understand what are the effects of these patterns and how can we use them on ourselves that makes sense. I will tell you right. Now if you understand nothing. But the echo technique and these three patterns that.

I just talked about you can literally force people to pay attention to you like you love you trust you feel connected to you and that's before you use the other language patterns you can make anybody pay attention to whatever you want and ignore everything else you can make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listeners or readers even if those things have absolutely nothing in common and make no. Logical sense coming together and you can make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those two things have nothing to do with each other it's a byproduct of the way your brain processes the structure of those patterns right. Going back to this idea of pattern everything human beings do has a structure and a pattern and if you understand how to perceive those patterns. Then you can begin to create and exert influence over the system and even if you don't want to exert influence over the system right.

Away you can at the very least predict what the system's going to do which makes it extraordinarily useful because now knowing what somebody's going to do or how somebody's going to go about doing it is extremely useful because now you can apply the least amount of influence to get the most amount of change does that make sense even if it doesn't that's how the system works. So uh. Josue what do you want to learn today how to stop procrastinating you got it brother we're gonna we're gonna build up to that okay. So let's talk about the very.

First pattern the very. First pattern is like this it's called. The. Mind.

Body feedback loop your physiology controls your psychology period okay. You've uh want to look. Into some of this you know access uh. Amy.

Cuddy's work on power poses how many people have heard of. Amy. Cuddy if you haven't put it on your list go watch your. TED.

Talk okay. We're doing more advanced. Tower post stuff for decades. But uh.

Professor. Cuddy actually did the actual research on it. So if you want to go see what she's discovered you can go read her stuff and watch her her uh her. Ted.

Talk the. First thing to understand is that for every psycho-emotional state that you have there's a corresponding posture and breathing that facilitates it that allows you to access it or not access it that's the. First pattern or the. First structure we're going to work with we call it the.

Mind. Body feedback loop now to really take advantage of this and utilize it effectively one of the things that we have to understand we have to actually change the way we think about that because all of us nobody here has never picked up a self-help book. Okay. Nobody here has never not gone to.

YouTube looking for an answer to something to fix their okay. You pick up a lot of books you're going to hear this one thing come out is that the. Mind controls the body we ever hear that mind controls the body okay. Write it down cross it out throw it out because it's fine it's functionally wait a minute what.

I can hear all the psychologists and behavioral therapists in the universe and all the dead ones spinning in their grave as. I say this mind controlling the body is true enough to be true if you're trained or lucky okay. I spent over 17 years in clinical practice fixing the product of other people's manifest people manifesting in their lives you know how many people have this thing called. The.

Law of. Attraction right. You guys understand that disease is negative manifestation right. Why this is one of the reasons why disease is.

So prevalent in our society every society really is that we're not taught how to manage these things. Second of all your autonomic nervous system has a four to one negativity bias let me explain that to you a good thing happens to you your nervous system assigns a gravity of one right. One good thing one point of gravity right. On the positive side one negative thing happens nervous system assigns the gravity of four.

So the nervous system is already weighted towards moving you in a negative. Direction now why would mother nature and the universe do that because it gets you off your acid moving your nervous system doesn't actually care about your mental health doesn't care about your psychological well-being it cares about keeping your heart beating keeping your blood in your veins and moving your genes forward and as long as your genes are moving forward and your heart is beating and the organism is alive the unconscious mind has done its job okay. I don't make these rules. I'm just reporting them.

So you have to understand about this four to one negativity bias nobody's broken here nobody online is broken it feels that way feels that way because the system that the. Universe built into you for those times in your life when bad happens what does that mean someone violates your physical boundaries someone violates your mental boundaries sometimes when we think of trauma we tend to think of it as these massive like you know driving down the highway get eboned by a. Mack truck getting pulled behind the dumpster and being violated in some way. But a lot of times the things that traumatize us are iterative in other words it's the buildup of a lot of little similar things over time until it reaches a critical mass and.

Then we have to deal with it right. But what happens a lot of times is we don't make the change until we've suffered enough and that's one of the things when you come to like one of my if you come to see moss or or me or whoever. I'm. I'm promoting as you know my my trainers or my associates.

First thing we're going to do is make sure that you're actually ready to change to make sure you're actually ready to do the things that are necessary to get free. I'm going to tell you what some of those things are right. Now. A you got to follow instructions okay.

B you got to participate which means if. I say. Lift. Your.

Hands. Up. Lift your hands up right. If.

I say dance around like a crazy person dance around like a crazy person why because one of the biggest things that holds us back is we're afraid of making a fool of ourselves we're afraid to be playful and. I'm telling you right. Here right. Now that you can deal with the most heinous things on the planet if you can be playful and you can approach it with a playful energy because the studies are there when an.

FBI hostage negotiator goes into a hostage negotiation situation and he is more relaxed playful easy going he is up to 31 percent more aware more versatile more adaptable more persuasive and his counterpart the hostage taker the bad guy is up to 31 percent more compliant now think about that what if 31 more people in your life said yes. To you would that change things what if you were 31 better at everything would that be useful guess what you got to do have fun and be playful with it gamify everything seriously why do you think apps are. So popular they're all engineered to do the one thing that you're you're hardwired for dopamine rushes pleasure right. There's a whole there's a whole industry based on how to dope how to gamify apps and gamify home study courses and like that.

I know. I bought it right. There's a if you want to do the even deeper research this one's just called uh addiction by. Design it's a little denser book.

And it's about how they engineer slot machines in. Las. Vegas this shit's being done to you deliberately folks because people are there are people who've known about this for a long time. But once you understand it and you do a few basic principles you can use it instead of just having it used on you.

But and the best part is. I'm going to tell you this that you don't have to believe it this works even if you don't believe it. I spent a lot of time in a lot of years distilling this down to a simple set of mechanics if you just. Embrace what.

I'm telling you and do it whether you believe it or not you will start to feel changes the only thing. I can't predict is scope and duration that's all unique to you you all have your own nervousness and you've been using them certain ways you have certain things that are going to make you better at this certain things that might slow you down. But each and every one of you is unique in that way that that being said what we're going to deal with tonight what we're going to deal with tonight are all the things you have in common you all have this one little subroutine or set of systems in your neurology that control everything else think of it like coming off the assembly line with the same like when you go to pick up your new iPhone right. All the iPhones that come off the assembly line they're all set the same way right.

Until you get your hands on it you start customizing the out of that thing right. And. I'll piece it teaches us that pretty much my form of. NLP.

Anyway. Jesus that people are pretty much the same way there are certain default settings in your nervous system that you all have and. Then you have ones that are more personalized the. First one we're going to deal with and the.

First one we're going to start to experiment with is the pattern or the the process of your physiology controlling your psychology. So let me let me go ahead and close this. Loop really quick. I said that most people are taught that your mind controls your body and that's true if you're trained or you come in as a some kind of savant or some with some kind of gift in a certain application where you can just do those things easier.

But for the vast majority of humans it's actually the opposite your physiology controls your psychology your posture and breathing actually dictate more about your mental and emotional states at any given moment than any other. Factor with the exception of maybe the environment. But. I'm pretty sure it can.

Trump the environment too okay. Not to be confused with any orange skin former presidents right. I see. I see we have to have some fun everybody stand up it's that time we're going to learn our.

First and our. First superpower. State. Control technique.

I want you to walk up to somebody to your immediately to your right. Immediately to your left stick your hand out look. Him in the eye and go come on let's go raspberry each other get good at it come on show me what you're working with girl there we go all right. That's what.

I like. I give points for the best raspberry hey all right. We have the competitors in the room all right. All right.

All right. So why do we do this stupid drill every single time a it gets you over the one thing that's going to hold most of you back if you're making a fool of yourself it's. I'm serious seriousness is to kiss it down seriously the other is because. I am in fact a covert hypnotist allegedly one of the best in the world.

I can in fact get you to do you don't want to do all right. So physiology controls your psychology all you need to do to get to be able to do anything. I'm going to share with you tonight just follow the instructions get your body involved be playful learn how to be focused and observed now we've covered the. First three or four of them.

But let's talk about focus and absorption really quick before we get into drills because we're gonna do a lot of drills tonight what do. I mean when. I say. Focus orbs let's talk about absorption.

First because a lot of people think they know what. I mean when. I say absorption. So how many people here by a show of hands have ever been little children okay.

This means. I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh. I hope he doesn't call on me right.

By the way. I'll give you my disclaimer really quick if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you there's a door not the place for you to be tonight not for the.

Next two or three hours. Anyway. I don't my intention is never to offend anyone. But my style is very provocative if.

I say something and you feel the sudden emotional. Spike point to where you feel it write it down because there's something there that needs fixing right. We're going to talk about bucket listing tonight which is actually a little bit more advanced technique for doing work on yourself most of the people in this room are here to fix their own true not true right. Okay.

So that's going to be the focus learning how to fix your own stuff the. First one is learning how to control your state how to realize when you're in a less than positive. State and the exact physical and mechanical steps that you can use to break it to interrupt the pattern. So you can choose something else okay.

For the most of us the untrained people in the world our states sneak up on us we don't realize we're in a shitty. State until we're in it okay. One of the one of my. First jobs as your teacher is to show you how to become progressively more self-aware how to become more aware of the things that trigger you where they're coming from where they started.

So you can choose how to respond to it. So the. First thing. I want us to do is.

I want us to stand up we're going to go right. Into this drill and. I'm going to come back and close the loop on absorption and focus and. Then we might do this drill again just to see if there's any difference.

I want you guys to think back to a time in your life when you saw something that you really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really good wanted. I mean on a scale of zero to ten it was like a lust factor of 27. now this is something you actually got okay. But it was something that you saw it you knew you knew you wanted it you knew you were going to do whatever it took. To get it and you made a plan and you put that plan into action and whatever got in your way whatever things came out of nowhere you went over around through you worked that plan you adapted you modified and boom you nailed it home run.

I want you to close your eyes. And remember that moment of victory that moment when you realized that everything you've been working for everything you were going after was yours you nailed it home run. I want you to remember that realization that moment of victory and. I don't care if it was something that happened when you were six maybe you won the.

Easter egg hunt. I don't care if it was graduating college high school. I don't care remember how you were feeling in that moment remember what you were seeing what you were smelling what you were tasting because when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste. But you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of absolute victory.

I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow where they spread from as you allow that energy to grow and spread. I want you to allow your body to step back into the way you were sitting or standing when you realize that moment of. Victory breathe the way you were breathing when you realize that moment of victory okay. X and we're going to build on this feeling shortly.

But make sure you're standing and breathing the way you were breathing and standing when that. Victorious moment occurred to you for you now here's the instruction without changing a single thing about the way you're standing without changing a single thing about the way you're breathing as an act of will try to feel bad you may notice it's really really hard and that's okay. When you're. Sun testing stop let that wonderful feeling come all the way back flooding back even stronger not that it went anywhere or if they're doing this right.

Right. Now what. I want you to do is. I want you to look.

And notice inside where that energy started from and notice there's a color connected to that feeling what color colors would that be for you. First impression whatever it is imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of victory a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all defeats all bosses real or imagine well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs and an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid builds up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe and turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead that's right. Breathe it in doing great when you're satisfied stop testing open your eyes.

Notice how good you feel pretty cool huh you just did real magic that's real magic right. There okay. But it's neuromagic. It's.

Magic mediated by the power and the the agency of your autonomic nervous system okay. Now you guys ready to try the other side of this all right. We won't do this one very long. But.

I want you to usually. I have people turn around and look. At. Richard for this one.

But no. We don't want to paint him with anything negative this one we're going to go the opposite direction now we're going to start to experiment now how many people noticed just by show of hands what happened when. I had you hold the posture hold the breathing and try to feel bad what happened could you could you access he says go ahead it felt as if you it was like a shield that was impenetrable by any negative emotion oh. So what you're saying is you can't follow instructions basically because.

I told you to use all your willpower and try to no. You couldn't do it for that moment. I could not you mean you when your physiology is engaged properly you can't access your willpower what now what do you think would happen if we used physiology that was in harmony with our willpower you think maybe you'd get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts you see the biggest thing about this drill is that if your physiology and your willpower again caveat being if you're untrained if your physiology and your willpower are in. Conflict guess what wins physiology wins and this is why when you come to like.

CPI or killer influence are influence trainings why we spend almost an entire day on physiology because your physiology is the most bulletproof form of. State control and proof against negative emotions that you have you come right. Off the assembly line with it moss and. I are part of a.

Buddhist mysticism class and like other students who are taking the class we had to skip it tonight because we're doing this you know what they said your posture equals your state now. I didn't come to it through that training it's corroboration this is not new and the confirmation ding. But this is a big one there is no. State that you have or that you can generate that you can't break the minute you change your posture and your breathing and hold it for at least two minutes now that's the old research from.

Dr. Amy you start building in color and memory and all the other aspects now you get a hold that's greater than the sum of the parts. But if your physiology isn't right. You're gonna have to fight it guess what happens when you try to fight it right.

Now to. Black's a little bit more negative this is one of the reasons why cults thought reform specialists in other words mind control. MK. Ultra people this is why they spend.

So much time breaking down your physical body exhausting you mentally emotionally spiritually because the moment your physiology goes to your willpower goes out the window too and you go into survival mode and you dissociate your identity starts to fragment and now they can put it back together. However they want it right. They might even put you under house arrest for two and a half years right. Some of you got that right.

So let's start using it the right. Way let's start using it to make our lives better instead of putting us into the slavery of other people who know how to do this. But. I want to show you one more thing.

I want you to have another experience really quick and. Then. I'll close the loop on the absorption and focus thing. I'm going to ask you to remember another time in your life now this one's not quite the same.

But it has a very similar structure. I want you to think back to a time in your life when you saw something you really really really really wanted just like before on a scale of zero to ten it had a less factor of 27. and once again you made a plan and you put that plan into operation you guys have well actually can't sit down yet sorry. I want to make. I know you guys have been standing a long time.

But hey um to put that plan into operation. But right. When you thought you were gonna get it right. When you thought you had it mailed something came along and just snuffed it right.

Out from under you. I want you to remember that moment disappointment that moment when you realized it wasn't gonna happen for you. I want you to close your eyes. I want you to remember what you were seeing in that moment remember what you were hearing remember what you were smelling what you were tasting we're not going to stay here very long remember how you were standing if you were standing remember how you were sitting if you were sitting remember how you were breathing when you have it without changing a single thing about the way you're standing or saying look.

Where you're breathing summon up your willpower and as an act of will try to feel good you may notice it's a little difficult now. I want you to summon up your willpower again and this time. I want you to hold use your willpower and hold on to that negative feeling. But as you hold on to that as you try to hold on to that negative feeling with your willpower shift your physical body back to the.

Winner's triumphant physiology and notice what happens shift back to the. Winner's physiology and. Then when you realize how futile it is to hold on to that feeling just let it go and let your mind become fully engaged in the new physiology there we go open your eyes. Look.

Up here tell me what you discovered what'd you learn yeah you changed your pie what you mean you couldn't hold on to the negative feeling damn it. I told you you gotta follow instructions let me show what happened the physiology took. Over 'd you notice exactly now here's the thing this is the worst you'll ever be at it it's a skill you just gotta know to do it right. Remember.

I told you my. First job as a teacher what'd you learn again same thing yeah perfect you guys now know more about how to control your state than most humans on the planet no. Substances involved. But this is the big butt not like my big butt.

But. Amber obviously give yourself a big round of applause that's good all right. If you only do it tonight it's just a parlor trick. I understand.

I gave you to come. I gave you basically two or three drills you think about positive. State physiology negative state there's actually benefit believe it or not in learning to practice both ends of the polarity. But because of the negativity bias inherent in our nervous system we always feel the negative stronger now there is a couple of rules of thought that you can apply to any negative feeling that you're experiencing you guys know what a fun house mirror is okay.

So you know you go into a fun house you got all these different mirrors right. You walk into one mirror and maybe you look. Normal you go one right. Next to it all of a sudden you look.

12 feet tall in this bin right. Your nervous system applies the funhouse mirror effect to every emotion that you have when you have a positive one it's like looking into a regular mirror or as close to a regular mirror as possible when you experience a negative. State it's like looking at one that makes you four times bigger. So the idea here is anytime you feel bad and from your perspective in any way realize that the thing you're most afraid of the thing that's bothering you the most is only about 25 as bad as you're making it out to be now that can be as high as six times based on the work from.

Chris. Voss and some of the other people. So anywhere between four and six. So think about that your nervous system is designed to make the scary scarier than it actually is um question it's all right.

Don't be silent. I love questions. But um how do you like age it when it's for like on the positive end on the positive like if it's a fun house mirror as well like the science is telling us that the our evaluation of positive experiences if we don't do anything with it. I'm going to show you how to do stuff with your nervous system tonight to modify all of this right.

But in the unmodified average human being right. Off the rack this is how it works you get a pretty good one-to-one ratio for the positive stuff. But the moment something goes negative even though it's one thing we think it's like four things well usually they have like a heavier impact and they're more detrimental like a positive thing could happen. But like say something like death is death it's kind of like there's like or like whatever ruin happens you know did you access you have a negative thought and.

Then it starts to. Cascade effect because the moment you have that the. First thing in neurology wants to do is says we ever felt this way before it starts it starts opening up files yeah yeah and. Then you get this cumulative gravity effect now for those of you who are interested in the.

Dynamics of that there's a new book. That. I've been. I've been promoting for a while it's called um how emotions are made by.

Dr. Lisa. Feldman. Barrett and it's called it's on what we call the theory of constructed emotions you don't actually have an emotion when you.

First encounter a situation what you have is an enteroceptive sensation in other words your body generates a feeling. But it's not in motion until you assign a meaning to it and that's important it's the number. I said there's three three filters awareness cause and effect meaning every emotion that you have has has a label to it it's not an emotion until you put the label on it and. Then the moment you put the label on the feeling a whole bunch of other files open up and now you get the accumulated weight of those other memories that's why when you regress people to cause a lot of times and those of you who are therapists will tell we'll tell we'll verify this the thing coming into this the the problem the person's coming into the clinic with is lying to you they don't know it they they think you know they're coming in for something that happened when they were 35. well you get them in the chair and you talk to the unconscious mind you say go back to the very.

First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of. XYZ problems and they're five years old watching their mom and dad argue or watching somebody get beat up or they're getting beat up or sometimes as often as many people in the regression class recently discovered a lot of times the causal event is just them alone in a room at night and nothing is going on. But to a three-year-old that's super traumatic and. So it becomes like a little hook.

That everything is linked on to and when you encounter something in your external environment your body generates a sensation the body says has we ever felt this feeling before and what did we do about it we did this what emotion did we call it boom and. I'll all the files open and now you're no. Longer responding to what's in front of you you're actually responding to what happened way back. Then now that's going to be important.

Later on because most of the time when someone's standing in front of you that for some reason just mad at you just hate them and don't know why or you've been that person it wasn't personal you just happen to trigger a memory and you were standing in a line of fire and got painted with that brush this is how we work. I don't you know. So there was some. John had a question and.

Then namisha and. Then um yeah yeah a lot of the time when people have like a false idea of why they feel a certain way or a false idea of what a trigger might be they were actually told that false oh yes. Information from another person absolutely absolutely and they're becoming because people become hyper suggestible under any form of extreme emotion or in the presence of overwhelming. Authority is that light on okay.

This is again this is not the class for these things we get programmed in here's the thing and again my job as your teacher and whether this is your. First time and only time with us or whether you continue to come back to these free events or whatever my my. First job as your teacher a is to show you what's possible. But primarily to help you become more aware aware of what's going on inside of you and aware of the influences being perpetuated upon you from the outside because without awareness there is no.

Choice. First. David one of. David's.

First rules of influence anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control addendum to. David's. First rule of influence just because you're not aware of it doesn't mean it isn't controlling it or influencing it you will not avoid influence you will not avoid being influenced what you can do is become aware of the influence that's being leveraged on you both internally and externally and deciding which ones to let in which ones to ignore which ones to change and how to respond to it you're not going to avoid it. So you better learn how to manage it right.

And that's part of why your physiology has to come. First because 99 of the time when bad should happen we weren't we weren't having a great day we were unaware we were in our heads somewhere not paying attention and already in a. Funkadelic state all of a sudden the ship came right. Every now and.

Then we get taken by surprise. But for the most part our state has a lot to do with what we're aware of in our environment. Okay. So uh let me share a question.

So when you're in the net when you know that you're going to that negative state do we pattern interrupt there and and go into positive not go deep in the minute you feel the negative. State coming on change your posture change your breathing and physically distance yourself physically distance yourself right. In influence training we actually do the opposite we'll actually approach someone giving an eyebrow. Flash and actually press on them a little bit and.

Then step back and watch them follow us. But when we want to control our state one of the. First things that has to happen is you have to become aware that your state is changing make a decision to change it or stop it get physical and emotional distance the way the best way to get to remind yourself to get emotional distance is to make physical distance happen change your posture change your breathing if you can't change the proximity change your posture change your breathing right. Those are the two main states everything else is an option if you can hold that state hold that posture and you hold that breathing pattern you will be immune to the state now let me be clear on that you will still feel the pull to go into that state how many of you noticed when you were holding the positive physiology and.

I asked you to try to feel bad your body wanted to change this means yes. That's what you must be aware of your neurology is sensing that it's it's it's from its perspective the imposition of a negative state are going into a negative. State and. So the.

First thing that changes is your body. But if you interrupt that that impetus to change your physiology you can't go into the state and this is where what. Amy science or. Dr.

Cuddy's science helps us to understand if. I can do that for as little as two minutes now actually you don't even need to do it for that long. But two minutes is a really good training interval right. Two minutes your physiology and blood chemistry will start your psychology your emotional state will start to change actually quicker your blood chemistry will start to change in two minutes like literally you'll get more testosterone you'll get more cortisol your cortisol go down your testosterone go up you'll feel more confident you'll feel more assertive you'll feel more relaxed.

But you gotta hold it and this is why in. So many of these. Qigong disciplines you're standing there and you're holding these postures for hours well if two minutes in case you didn't know this a two minute posture resulted in up to a 20 increase in testosterone and a 20 decrease in cortisol. So think about this for a moment all energetics aside if holding a posture for two minutes can potentially up your testosterone by 20 what does holding a posture like this for an hour going to do right.

What think about it for a moment if the science is true right. And there's been some people been able to replicate this some people have not let me explain that some people have had trouble replicating the blood chemistry shift. But every group got a state check. So if.

I have to choose between feeling good and having blood chemistry that shows it or just feeling good guess what. I'm going to choose right. Okay. So the books if you want to do the site read up on the science behind this you can get will the book.

One is called willpower by. Dr. Roy. Baumeister it's about willpower depletion.

Theory um there's another book. Called. The. Power of bad also by.

Baumeister right. That's where a lot of the science. I'm giving you is coming from regarding the negativity biases in your neurology and things of that nature okay. If you're running teams or you're um you're working you have a team you need to read that that book.

The power back because the science is there if you surround a negative person or a low performing person with good people they don't raise the good person up they pull the rest the guy at one person pulls the rest of the team down right. You would think with enough magnitude you could just. But it doesn't work that way. So once again it goes back to this have you ever heard the old expression show me who your friends are and.

I'll show you who you are. Can't. Fly. Like an.

Eagle. When you're surrounded by turkeys right. More true than not. I don't again.

I don't make the rules. I'm not here to offender or or piss off anyone. But look. You ain't gonna make your world the way you want it to be until you're ready to deal with it the way it is that starts with you your inner world and.

Then your outer world does that make sense okay. So your physiology controls your psychology period. First thing you want to do before you do anything else control your post. First of all know what you want.

Second control your posture control your breathing. Then you start once you've broken whatever state that's holding you back or limiting you now you started taking on the physiology of something you want more of remember a time in your life when fill in the blank right. Now how do we make that better would you guys like to make it better this means yes. This means no.

There will be a test okay. So we're going to do a variation of the color breathing exercise that we've started with now in the planet. David that exercise has a name besides color reading or the color game it's called resonant frequency generator it was something that. I modeled from studying with uh.

Brent bound who was the founder of holographic memory resolution. I found out that there was this one little nugget in in his system that made 99 of the change possible and we. I call it resonant frequency or resolution frequency generator your body can process anything that you can turn into a color your body can turn anything into a color that you can point to. So if you can point to where you feel it you can change it now the secret is what am.

I changing it to here's the magic question to do that what do. I want instead your nervous system is one of the most pathologically driven question answering mechanisms on the planet it must beyond all reasons seek to answer any question you give it no. Matter how stupid the question is and you've all experienced this how many of you have ever met somebody or maybe you've been this person who says why does this always happen to me maybe you've been that person right. Your unconscious mind is down there listening going ah wants a list here you go and all of a sudden all the reasons why you're a piece of come flubbing up out from your unconscious mind and because you created it you don't resist it rule number two what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts human beings don't resist themselves they can't they don't want to.

First of all. But they actually can't one of my one of my colleagues. Scott. Sandlin used to say because he was one of the leading experts on dental pain control he would say your nervous system is designed to make everything you afraid you're afraid of or painful the most painful it can be for you not for other people for you and it goes back to this idea of what we call self-generation bias anything your neurology selects or creates your neurology will select or if it has to choose right.

So huh. Okay. So here's my favorite metaphor for this how many people here know what a kidney is how many people have at least one okay. Good.

So let's say for something no. This will be zero manifestation. But let's say that. I go to the doctor and he does a biopsy on one of my kidneys.

I find it finds out one of my kidneys is failing and. I'm going to need a transplant. I'm going to need a new kidney now because of. Cutting.

Edge. Breakthrough. Medical. Science.

I have two choices. I have the opportunity to get a transplanted kidney or they can they can pull some stem cells out of my healthy kidney and clone me a brand new kidney now which one's going to work both which one has less chance of being rejected the one that came from me in the. First place that's how you work every thought every belief every trauma you created remember you are not this is important you are not the. Way.

You. Are because of the things that happened to you repeat that you are not the way you are because of the things that happened to you you are the. Way. You.

Are because of the way you recorded the things that happened to you and the way you have been relating to those recordings human beings labor under the illusion to two big delusions the. First one is that your memories are real that they are in fact the thing that happened to you the science is showing us from forensics to neurology to uh you know social psychology your your memories change the more times they're reconstructed you don't recall memories you rebuild them and every time you rebuild a memory it's a little different now think about that think about it in the ramifications of it for a moment every time you recall a shitty memory it's less representative of what actually happened. But you don't know that because of the inherent negativity bias it will be tend to be made worse see how it all kind of conspires and spirals until you understand the system. So here's a thought if the memories that you have aren't even accurate they're not even the thing that happened why not change it to something else instead get rid of the story create a new one and the energy changes there were traumas released and you're healthier all of your thoughts all of your memories all of your beliefs all of your desires fantasies.

Daydreams are built the same way from the same stuff and if you understand that system you can change anything you want into anything you want. But it does require you to play the more you play with your nervous system the more powerful you get would you like to play with your nervous system let's talk about absorption and focus you thought. I was going to forget okay. So by show of hands once again enthusiastically how many people have every little children all right.

Very cool. So um what's your name again. Amy did you have a question. I think we forgot to get your question okay.

So. Amy when you were a little girl did you play pretend okay. So when you played pretend were you like a tomboy or a tomber okay. Tom girl excellent how many of the.

Tom girls we got in them don't have to be a girl to be a tom girl by the way we're inclusive that way all right. How many tomboys we have how many are non-binary terms okay. You got to take it you gotta. You.

Gotta. Laugh at yourself one of the again remember. I was in private practice for 17 years and the biggest problem that we have is that we live in a culture and this is before the whole hashtag movement in the cancel culture hit this is before that we live in a society that systematically teaches us to not say not to express ourselves to hold things in and that is where 99 of our illnesses come from everything from the. STDs to.

COPD to. Parkinson's. Ms most forms of cancer and. I've dealt with it.

I had a little girl once shouldn't say little she's like 16 or 17 years old she actually started out as one of my wife's patients she had she was in high school and one day she woke up and her right. Hand just stopped working it may have been coming on for a few you know a little while. But she just thought it was a crampers and one day just stopped. So she went to the doctor she went to the neurologist she went to the.

I think she went to even a psychic. I mean she went everywhere right. And that that was over the course of several months in the interim she still had to go to school she still had. So she trained herself to write with her left hand and.

Then one day it stopped at this time she's going to see my wife for acupuncture my wife is a brilliant acupuncturist brilliant herbalist and my wife got real good really early on at spotting that was not caused physically. So she she reached out to me said look. Got this young girl her hands don't work and. I think she needs you.

I said okay. Bring her in we'll give her we'll do a consult and if she passes the console. Then we'll do you know we'll see what we can do with her. So that that time.

I was fully focused on regression therapy. So we brought her in and we regressed the cause and what we discovered. First of all let me hurt you a little background on her. Orthodox.

Catholic background now nothing against. Catholic church. But nothing does guilt better than religion okay. And this girl when we regressed the cause we found the triggering event somehow some way while she was all her entire circle of friends just disintegrated and ostracized her just banned her kicked her out shunned her and she and her boyfriend broke up with her and all at one time and she was.

So hurt and. So upset. But she wouldn't let herself express it she wouldn't confront anybody she wouldn't she wouldn't cry she wouldn't she just locked it all in she refused to express. So we went through whatever process we needed for her to get resolution on that regress to the initial sensitizing event cleared it all up by the end of the session both hands were working right.

One of my my proxy mentors the late. Stephen parkill whose. Focus was terminal cancer actually became one of my focuses for a short time in the clinic here's what he said he said you will run out of body parts long before your unconscious mind runs out of ideas for getting your attention every form of illness in my opinion that we express is exactly that it's a message invade in a form of a somatic metaphor it's a manifestation of what unresolved memories and the energy it generates. But here's the best part none of you are broken you've been just doing up it's just something you're doing and you can always change what you're doing this isn't.

Magic as you you know in in the sense that we can't explain it it's magic in the sense that when you understand how your nervous system does this you can choose to do something else you can choose to change it. But there is a price you have to give up being up now for some people that's great for others it's a little terrifying because that means you can't rely on the same old messages right. These are one of the things that we sort for when you come into our. Clinic are you ready to be different are you ready to let go of the things that are holding you back.

So you can have something else here's the rub your unconscious mind is predisposed to sorting for what's familiar if it has a choice in many cases between doing a pain that's had it for 20 years and something some new and exciting technique that has an uncertain outcome guess what. I will choose not right. Or wrong it's just how you're built. But you do have the power to change it.

So absorption when you're a little child playing pretend how many of you were like played. Soldier anybody play. Soldier any superheroes school teacher not. So much.

Queen of. England he still does. Santa right. When you were a little child playing pretend we use this.

I use my. Soldier metaphor right. You're a little five-year-old out in the backyard you pick up a stick you're going to play. Soldier you're holding a stick in your hand and the five-year-old part of you knows it's just a stick for about the.

First six and a half minutes six and a half minutes. Later it's you're really. Rambo it's really an. M60 or an.

M60 right. Right. And you're having your chucking and you're jiving and bad guys or. Jumping.

All. Around until mom calls for lunch now you guys ever have moments where you just got. So lost in playing pretend let me ask you a question were you asleep you asleep no. Were you having a ball where you really absorbed in what you were doing my friends if you can just do that you can make any change that you want you just got to put the pieces together in the right.

Way what does that mean be playful be absorbed like your five-year-old plan pretend point to where you feel it and just follow the instructions and you can change it okay. So. Focus how many people have ever been to this thing called a movie all right. Stop if you haven't been to a movie you need to get out more right.

So maybe you can relate to this walking into the movie theater you got your big bucket of popcorn in one hand best guy or girl on the other you're walking down the aisle wondering which one's going to be more fun okay. You sit in the chair the lights go down the curtain opens for the. Next two and a half hours you don't know what that everything else just disappeared right. Unless you're watching one of those damn.

Marvel movies which is four and a half hours. Later your bladder's screaming at you. But you're still not getting up right. And during that time they could shoot off a gun.

Next to you and you wouldn't notice why because you both absorbed and focused that's what we're talking about when we talk about absorption and focus it's the same thing you do every single day when you go to the movies or when you play pretend you can do that you've got it right. Every now and. Then. I ask how many people have been little children some in the back is going not me.

I grew up with computational models. I came out of a test tube fully formed get the out right. This ain't the right. Beat up for you right.

Go to the biohackers union or something right. So color breathing what do. I want instead the secret to this is if you can make a movie of what you want instead strong enough that it generates a body feeling you can use that body feeling to change any other feeling in your body that's it. But there are ways to amplify the movie we're going to play with that we're going to start by understanding how your nervous system makes things bigger and stronger.

So you guys want to play how many of you by show of hands can feel good for no. Reason okay. If you haven't. Then you got to watch my win you want to watch my channel more often everybody stand up has this been useful.

So far okay. I want you to close your eyes. We call this the frame game. I want you to close your eyes.

I want you to think of a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever not that one okay. Make it that one if you want. I don't care. I'm not the pleasure police.

I'm not the pleasure please. I don't care who you were with what you were doing how many state lines you crossed what substances were involved if the condemn. I don't care right. It can be anything it can be the most spiritual experience you've ever had it can be.

But the simple joy of biting into a freshly baked chocolate cooked chip cookie right. Out of the oven could be a sexual romantic experience. I don't care all. I care about is that when you remember that amazing feeling when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful pleasurable.

Sensation that you get and. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment like what are you feeling that's right. I'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color colors would that be for you. First impression now take your hand take your dominant hand touch that spot where you feel it now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that amazing feeling a picture that you could.

Reach. Out. And. Touch.

First impression where would you reach out to touch it okay. Excellent now. Chase take trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is now grab it just like you would expand the window on your iPhone your touch screen expand the picture try not to slug the person.

Next to you notice what happens to the feelings in your body they get stronger they get weaker. First impression that's right. I'll bring it back to its original size keep the size of the picture exactly the same now. But this time slowly pull it closer to your body and notice what happens to it there's a feeling gets stronger does it get weaker excellent lift it up over your head go down around you like a big blanket that's right.

What happened to the feeling now excellent grease excellent now you can have this feeling back in whatever intensity level you want in just a moment. But for the sake of our drill. I want you to unwrap that feeling lift it back up over your head as you hold this feeling above your head. I want you to remember something inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your reality you're the king or queen of your.

Universe you have every right. Privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want. I want you to play with your power right. Now.

I want you to make that picture bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it in your body move it outside of your body notice how every time you change the size shape and location of that picture the feelings and the intensity of those feelings change as well and. I want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that sweet spot. I want you to fix it into place notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as the energy flows from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very. DNA of those cells transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful.

Perpetual pleasure. Factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding. Unlimited. Supply there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done it's locked in test try to turn that wonderful feeling off notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing open your eyes. Notice how good you feel that's right. How y'all doing fabulous right. Great give yourselves an amount of.

Applause have a seat all right. For some of you these drills to review. But. I don't want you to think of them as review.

I want you to think of them as basic training these are neuroplasticity drills these are the drills that will allow you if you play with them play with them give you increased ability to change anything you want to anything you want now the one thing we didn't do was move it and throw it behind us. I just forgot. I just forgot right. But.

I will tell you that behind it if you want to get rid of stuff behind you is where you put it okay. Just for fun stand up all right. We'll do something a little different this time well actually go ahead and bring up that uh you know grab that picture that was in your sweet spot grab a hold of it lift it up over your head okay. Make sure you got the right.

One squeeze away a little bit like an accordion notice what happens to the feeling does it gets stronger or weaker excellent now imagine it's a frisbee throw it all the way behind you until it disappears behind the horizon. So this is gone scan your body notice what happens as soon as you don't you realize you want that feeling back. Lift. Your.

Hands. Up now you know imagine now that your hand's the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck that frisbee right. Back into your hand and just like before play with it make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it into your body move it out until you find the location that makes it even better fix it into place notice how the feelings in your body shift and change. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take into.

Every. Beat of your heart that energy flows from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream replace your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom in the very. DNA of those cells transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful. Perpetual pleasure.

Factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens in the stat when you're done stop testing open your eyes.

Look. Up here notice how good you feel you can't stop laughing right. This is the worst you'll ever be these are not just parlor tricks these are drills give guys ground. Applause have a seat you guys are good right.

I'm put. I'm just drilling you. I'm just gonna keep hammering you guys right. Why because that's how you get good here's the secret.

I can always tell who's going to get the greatest degree of change because. I say. Reach. Out.

And. Touch it and they go. I can always tell who's gonna have a little bit of challenge. I should.

Reach. Out. And. Touch they go all right.

Get your meat involved there's a reason we we always start the trainings with. Hooked on a. Feeling fastest way to change anything in your body is to change your body's feelings fastest way to change your body feelings is to change your physiology get back into the meat most of us have been conditioned to be. Talking.

Heads we're dead from the neck down we're no. Longer conscious of the wealth of information that's locked in our bodies. But it's there and it's waiting if you're willing to play right. You have to decide if you want it that much that much okay.

I can teach you these things. I can walk you through them. But. I can't do it for you.

I can install a lot of which. I am right. Um. So let's see.

So we've got physiology control psychology everything the human beings do is in response to a feeling we have a positive and negative waiting system of the autonomic nervous system we've covered the fact that your nervous system you're not the way you are because of the things that happen to you you're the way you are because the way you recorded the things that happened to you and the way you've been relating to those recordings best part about that is you're in charge of the editing deck your memories aren't real they're reconstructions of something that happened to you once and you've been relating to the recording of it ever since. But the way you recorded it is determining how it affects you. But you have permission to change it in fact that's one of the. Prime directors remember.

I talked it there was this little system that the. Universe built into each of us we have those moments of trauma those moments of violation those moments when we're overwhelmed how many people have ever seen the movie. Ghostbusters either the new one or the old one right. So you know when there's a there's a ghost running rampant the.

First thing to do is slide a trap under it stuck the sucked the ghost right. In the. Trap. Then they take the.

Trap and they put it in another container right. Well that's exactly what your neurology does with traumas whether they're whether they're complex traumas or primary traumas in that moment of overwhelm your neurology literally opens up grabs the feelings and the memories and the emotions locks it in a little box takes that little box and sticks it in your body. So places where you have a lot of tension where you have knots where you have blood stagnation from a. Chinese medical perspective those who don't know.

I am a doctor in order. Oriental medicine um and. I have had a practice in. Solana.

Beach almost going on 20 years now um. I'll just give you my pedigree for those who don't know for the. Last four years. I've been hailed as a number one.

NLP trainer with the number one. NLP course in the world. So. I know a little bit about this um.

But you don't have to believe it doesn't matter because if you don't get a result doesn't matter the end of the day that's why you're here okay. So one of the things that we're going to do is we're going to start to play with the things that we've gotten that we play with. So far that there's a coding system point to where you feel it reach out and touch it this connects your interoceptive nervous system to your proprioceptive nervous system the inside to the outside you ever notice when people talk about their they always use their hands and they always say things like. I got this thing if.

I could just get past it watch the hand you'll notice when they talk about their the hand goes to a consistent place people are always gesturing external to themselves where the information they're accessing is stored internally. So one of the things we want to do is we want to use the hands and the eyes. To create multiple on-ramps to that information that's why when you do this you start playing with it all these little on-ramps come out of nowhere and create more juice going to that part of your brain. So the eyes.

And the hands take up the most surface area in your brain than any other part of you and your neurology doesn't make a distinction between something that is this real or this real it's all the same as far as the neurology is concerned embedded within that vibrational structure is information in the form of qualities that function like a computer code for example what happened when you made the picture bigger what happened to the feelings in your body when you made the picture bigger some of you got some of you had expanded how many did it got the opposite you made it bigger and it got less oh. So you're all extenders okay. Size queens all right. I get it right.

A small percentage of people when you make the picture bigger the feeling will get less intense we call them concentrators it doesn't matter which one you are just know which one you are if you make the picture bigger and the intensity goes down do the opposite because that's how you play with the system the more you play with these commands or these qualities it's like turning the volume knob up and down on your stereo turn it big it up volume goes up the intensity level goes up make it closer intensity level goes up make it go away volume goes down for people who suffer from chronic anxiety panic attacks phobias and other forms of. PTSD if you ask them to actually point to where they feel it and touch the picture the pictures are almost always right. Here and they're this big if you just have them point and touch and push it away you'll see them visibly calm down. I've worked.

I've done this with people with. Asperger's. I've done if. I have people on the autistic.

Spectrum who can follow the instructions it works for them too sometimes they're a little too literal. So you just have to you have to finagle the languaging a little bit. But it's the same the only difference really that. I've seen uh in terms of um and.

I don't want to talk too much about it. But with. Asperger's and some of those it's the default settings the default settings on the nervous system are just turned all the way up you guys ever you guys probably don't remember when like there was this thing called stereos right. Now.

I don't know about you. But. I. I had this.

I've seen this with dimmer switch too you know how sometimes you have a dimmer switch and you set it and. Then you walk away and it just starts to creep up you ever have a dimmer switch like that or. I've had an equalizer. I had a sterile equalizer like that.

I had to constantly be setting it that's kind of what happens with people who are in the. Autistic or aspergery. Spectrum is their default settings are way high well if we understand that and we teach them this mechanism they can start to develop a dimmer switch that even when it starts to creep up they can put it back down the hardest part is getting them to understand that right. But the few people.

I've worked with and. I've worked with some really like like remember um. Clarence right. There's a lot of beliefs that people who are on the autistic.

Spectrum aren't good hypnotic subjects right. A lot of it is how you communicate with them and that's the secret just you know simple clear instructions all right. Um here's what. I'd like us to do.

I'd like us to take a a short break. I want to eat as much chocolate and there's coffee in the lobby. I want you to eat drink as much coffee and chocolate as humanly possible when we come back from our break we're going to start clearing up we're going to show you two of the most powerful on top of everything else. I'm going to show you some of those two of the most powerful procrastination blasting tools.

I've ever found actually three and we're just gonna we're just gonna break up and we're just gonna drill them maybe we'll do small group work maybe we'll do it as a as a big group. I'm not sure exactly what form that's going to take. But we're going to start building on the foundations that we've laid has this been useful you guys find some things you can use from this the secret to what you learned in part one of tonight's training is you got to use them you gotta play with it do it for five ten minutes every day before you go to bed do it when you get up in the morning especially when you get up in the morning like right. When you get up like a lot of times.

I don't even get out of bed. I just start playing with pictures the reason for that is one of the times two times in your in your day when you are the most flexible and and uh translated is when you're going to sleep at night and when you're waking up in the morning. So if you really want to leverage those naturally occurring trans. States that's your window the thing about going to sleep at night doing this stuff is your unconscious mind will actually grab onto the things you are working on as you fall into sleep and continue to do them throughout the night it's very good you're gonna have some really wicked dreams though you'll probably have.

Wicked dreams tonight it's okay. It's you processing right. And by the way it doesn't actually matter if what you're working with is an emotional pain or a physical one bar is your nervous system is concerned it's all data. I don't care if it's a back pain or a broken heart the system runs all the data the same way all right.

I have doctors here in. San. Diego who work in the critical care unit and they use our spinning and our. Magic.

Frame and our color breathing techniques on anything that comes in from broken knees to kidney stones because it's faster than drugs okay. You don't got to believe it that's the best part you just got to play with it right. And if you play you will evolve. So for those of you who came out tonight because.

I always give the best stuff to the people with butts in the chairs sorry. I love you. YouTubers. But hey they're here right.

Um normally to walk into my door um it's 375 an hour and that's an hourly rate based on the amount of time that we spend with you. I'd like to give you all a free gift tonight. I'd like to give you my friend. Moss laughs and what.

I mean by that is moss is kind of my uh my my most closest. Protege of all the wonderful students that. I have he actually picked his ass up and moved from. Manhattan to.

San. Diego um to be here. So. I'm gonna.

Moss. I. I trust him completely and for those of you who want our help. I'd like to offer each and every one of you a free 30-minute consultation and that's to see if this is actually a fit for what you have after you pass your 30-minute consultation we'll discuss strategies and tactics for helping you get your situations resolved in the shortest amount of time possible if all you want to do is pick our brains for 30 minutes that's fine if you want help we'll run you through a few drills to see if if you're ready for that and.

Then we'll show you you know the options that are available if we can help you we'll tell you if we can't help you we'll tell you that too and we will we will do is we will point you in the direction of where we believe the help you need is most accessible might be. Brent down it might be a book. It might be another practitioner who does like. EMDR or something that we think might be a better fit because our job is to help you regardless of what what level of interactiveness you're comfortable with if we can help you we will that's our job right.

I just wanted. I started these things many many years ago because. I was. I was lonely.

I came to. San. Diego with all this cool stuff. I wanted to do and nobody to do it with like a lot of people a lot of people start meetups and put butts and seats to build the business that was never ever my intention when.

I started this stuff. I came to. San. Diego.

I knew no. One he'll tell you. I used to run practice groups for years up in. LA for fun we never had a training to promote we were never trying to put butts in seats.

I taught this for free for 10 years when. I came to. San. Diego.

I had all this cool stuff. I wanted to do and nobody to do it. So. I said well.

I gotta find cool people who like to do cool stuff anybody here cool anybody here like do cool stuff anybody like to hang out with cool people who like do cool stuff there we go see all right. Then you're in the right. Place right. All my meetups are like that it's never about the whole the whole client thing and we had it we wound up we wound up with a waiting list six months long like getting in to see us was like literally seeing a lottery it was insane.

I'll talk about that another time. But we only have a few slots left because he's filling up like crazy. But we got a few of his clients in here right. Now.

But um if you're interested there's a free 30-minute session if you want to pick his brain if it's something that he thinks. I need to be in on he'll call me and. I'll show up right. So it's completely free um.

But see him during the break grab some coffee grab lots of chocolate and we're going to start with what we call bucket listing we're going to go into cleaning up negative emotions and. Then we're going to finish with uh two of the most three of the most powerful procrastination techniques that. I know for reprogramming your conscious mind does that sound like a plan yeah all right. 15 minutes go boom.

So. Karen's asking how can we. Leverage. The pre-consultation.

Call 858-282-4663 speak to. Moss in your tissues right. And as you as you start to change. State you start to change the frequency in your body and your body will start to want to purge the things that aren't in resonance with that new state.

So don't be surprised if you start really holding it that you start just starts coming up and that's exactly what's supposed to happen because in every in every. Advanced. Qigong system or metaphysics systems um that's based on ascension training right. The.

First year or two years is nothing. But purify as purging and purification it's just triggering the body to release all your the way they do that is by putting certain stresses on the physical body certain breathing patterns and certain poses and. Then the longer you hold it the more those things start to. Bubble.

Up. So if that if those things start to happen you're not doing something wrong you're actually doing something right. The secret is to keep going you'll notice also when you start doing the two minute ones you'll notice that right. About the minute 30 minute you you want to quit you start like uh let's dig into long that's your body trying to stay the same because it knows it's the the pressure is going up and it's about to it's about to trigger a state change and your body doesn't like to change it likes to stay wherever it's at right.

Until a new normal is established right. Because of the inherent gravity of negativity it's always pulling us down for sure similar yeah yeah. But what do you do when you're building up that energy are you just in your own head are you like is your body starting to get involved right. Right.

The minute you access again it's a feedback loop when you talk about feedback loop remember you have the mind you have the body. So anything. I trigger with my body will affect my mind. But also anything.

I do with my mind will eventually trigger something in my body the problem is is that for most people the environment and the people you're surrounded by overwhelm your cognition it overwhelms your willpower and your physiology slumps and now you not only are fighting the environment you're fighting your own physiology which is why you can't stay positive. But if you understand physiology and you could sum it up just enough willpower to hold that posture. Then the state can engage and you're no. Longer fighting yourself right.

Well music is a very strong anchoring device. So. I use. Music a lot obviously right.

We started our. Meetup with music right. It's one of the most culturally useful things that we have. But we have to.

But we remember that those scene those those things are transient. So. I have to keep being retriggered right. Yes.

Black blood stagnant blood yeah yeah the way it works guys can have you're in the way the camera um. So the way it works in. Chinese medicine uh the way it works in. Chinese medicine is they'll still tell you that cheese stagnation leads to blood stagnation blood stagnation leads to pretty much every every kind of lesion that happens in the body tumor lipomas phlegm both substantial flemen and substantial phlegm all emotions are energetic patterns.

But it's an energetic field imprinted with a story and a meaning that's all energy is for us it's a b it's a rewritable. DVD. But it's encoded in a language that the autonomic nervous system is uniquely designed to interpret right. But.

I don't think you guys you guys may not have seen this before. But huh this is how your this is what your thoughts are made of if you look. At this right. The red indicates the vibrational field or the.

DVD imprinted and now you know when you you if you were to actually look. At a. DVD you wouldn't see the movie you understand that you would see what ones and zeros are electromagnetic or. Optic ones and zeros.

But those those ones and zeros mean something they form computer commands or codes that the reader understands and can play a movie well you have five primary channels just like you have an audio. Channel and a video channel and sometimes if you add you're adding transitions or you're adding call outs there's yet another. Channel you can keep adding channels and just layer things over you had it. First.

So you have these five primary channels within each of these channels are little distinction. So for example in the visual system you have moving versus still color versus black and white fuzzy versus clear. Associated versus dissociated now though there's a lot more than this. But these are examples this is what one of nlp's big contributions to this whole system was that these sub modalities this.

NLP would call this a modality and these little distinctions in that channel they would call it a sub modality. But here's the thing they're not subbed to anything this term sub modalities implies that they're less powerful. But they're actually more powerful it's the sub modalities that determine what your neurology does with the data very simple size and proximity are two sub modalities the moment you made that picture bigger what happened to the feeling what happened to the stronger did. I tell you to make it stronger no.

You just changed the code and the effect happened right. So there's no. Hypnosis there in terms of like suggesting for it what happened when you brought the picture closer you've got stronger what happened when you wrapped it around you now you're in it you've gone from what we call dissociated to. Associated now it's you're embodying it it's like you've gone from a.

First or a. Second person or. Third person video game into a. First person shooter right.

Did. I tell you to do that no. The code told generology to play it this way and. So it did now you put all those things together along with the story and you have the movie that's we call that content right.

So you have the energy the structure and the meaning the meaning and the story of what happened it's the story that keeps all this in place the minute. I change the story. I change all this and the system just says oh. I can fix that you know where's the microphone for.

Jose fantastic go for like stroke victims do you think um those bathrooms kind of caused it caused it yeah caused it or it's highly possible that some deep emotional stuff created this situation that led to the stroke now is it possible if someone had suffered from a stroke to do these exercises that we just did and start to change their brain 100. Mr. Richard here why don't you come up and tell them your little story please welcome. Mr.

Richard. Mr hypnosis rumbled who to stay how you all doing all right. So. I have a couple of stroke stories uh for some reason it just happens that way uh my my wife's grandmother had a stroke and she was unresponsive to anybody in the home and she was just kind of laying there in the bed and wouldn't respond to anybody nobody could get her to flood her eyes.

Or move her head she was just a vegetative state and we had just started doing the uh. The. Sleepwalkers practice sessions and we were getting together we were talking about hypnotic language patterns all the stuff that the. CPI and the.

Renegade reframe which by the way is in. February yes. Uh and the. Renegade reframe language patterns and.

So. I sat in there with her and. I chatted with her a little bit. I used some hypnotic language patterns and.

I talked to a little bit about rewiring her circuitry. So. I don't know if any of you know. Ruth.

Buzzy from the old laughing and she's an old telephone operator well this little old lady she knows what a telephone operator was because she had done that job when she was younger right. And you'd have to take this line you unplug it from here and you plug it in down to there and if that connection wasn't working you could take it you could plug another one into another spot and you could totally rewire the way that your signal went from point. A to point. B in the context of a telephone and.

I used those kinds of stories talking to her allowing her to assume that she could do that with her brain and by the time we finished the conversation she was moving her eyes. She was squeezing my hand nobody else said it gotten any kind of response at all okay. So that's just with with one sitting down chit chatting with her and using some language patterns and some analogies and some stories right. Um.

Later on uh her. Sandy's mother or the other lady's daughter also had a stroke and we used the same kinds of language patterns and uh she recovered from the stroke mentally 100 fully from the stroke. But she didn't want to do any of the physical. PT exercises right.

And you kind of have to do the physical as well as the mental and. So because she didn't do the physical her body atrophied. But she was still mentally cognizant and super aware for the. Next 10 years not bad.

So these language patterns they work on the brain you have to still do some physical work with the with the body to get the the muscles moving and everything. Engage. The. Body if she would have done her.

PT she could live her life normally not in a hospital bed right. So you know some some crazy stuff happens when we use this stuff and we just we just use it with everybody that we come across all the time thank you sir give a big round of applause. Mr. Rumble all right.

Uh we got about two minutes let me see if there's any questions from our. YouTubers that. I can answer are you guys have any other questions yes. Hold on give her a microphone there's microphones from everywhere now difference between uh refrain in the language pattern okay.

Reframing is also a type of language pattern. But it doesn't necessarily it it's about it the reframe patterns change perspective in other words when you when you apply a reframe pattern to somebody's belief or uh objection it causes them to think about it differently and in that process of changing its perspective and thinking about it differently they can't go back to thinking about it the old way it literally like if there's a if there's a one two three four five six sequence of thought in them and you hit them with a replay with a reframe it goes one two and like in that moment where you interrupt that pattern they become. Super. Hyper suggestible and.

Then when you hit them with the rest of the reframe pattern they accept that new belief or they accept that. New. Perspective and the way they're thinking about it changes right. Now there's about 14 basic patterns that can be used to be pretty much change any belief overcome any objection or win any argument right.

Um my favorite one is what we call a redefine right. There's two ways that you can use that you can beat people over the head with it or you can be very inquisitive and and soft with it which is my favorite way to do it it would be more the. Jesus of. Nazareth approach as opposed to like the.

Richard bandler beat him over the head until they can't fight that cognitively anymore right. Both work and sometimes it's more appropriate to be the baseball bat than the you know the feather duster right. But a reframe pattern will cause somebody to think about things from a different perspective the other language patterns the specific ones that we mentioned will cause a specific process of thought that is predictable in the mind in other words if. I talk about the awareness presupposition notice how the feelings in your body shift and change you don't get a choice right.

If. I say things like try to argue with that and notice what happens instead you don't get a choice right. Why because the dynamic of the effect the language pattern has when especially like the word instead instead is one of the most powerful sleeper words in the. English language because of what it does to the mind when you hear the word instead it allows for any other possibility except the original one think about that for a moment question has a problem you ask them try to bring it back and notice what happens instead and now something else happens and.

So the full spectrum of potential is there awareness causes awareness verbs cause people it causes a separation actually one of the things it does is it causes a separation of the conscious critical faculty the conscious mind and the unconscious mind and it causes the unconscious mind to start running the program all the conscious mind watches whether the conscious mind wants to do it or not that's what makes it the most powerful language pattern that exists because that function happens even when the person knows it's being done and they're actively trying to resist it okay. You start putting these things together in different combinations and now your words start to become really really powerful if you start adding energetics to it voice and sound training like we do with the mega. Retreats stuff like that now you're not only affecting them cognitively. But you're actually affecting them at the organ level and.

Then the. Meridian level and that's what medical. Qigong training was really all about was using sound light vibration electricity and magnetism to change the body. But part of it is sound projection that's the stuff.

I hold back and. I keep secret for the. Mega. Retreats because literally we have people can vibrate the alcohol out of wine and whiskey and it's it's crazy right.

But they get this massive contact high and. I can't control them for the. Next 45 minutes afterward because they're. Stone right.

Questions about did. I answer your question right. Reframing is extremely powerful right. You can reframe a behavior you can reframe a context you can reframe um the meanings cause any anything really right.

That's how we devoted a whole training to it what's coming up in. February right. For those of you who want to learn how to do that and it's really powerful when you apply it to yourself think about this for a moment what if for every limiting belief that you have even some you didn't know you had you had 14 ways to change it in seconds that's what that's what it does when you apply it to self we had one guy. DJ he came to our coach maybe we have a weekly coaching program that we run and when we were doing reframing patterns.

I had everybody write down all their limiting beliefs and. I taught him like four or five of these patterns. I said now use these patterns on your limiting beliefs he couldn't go back to thinking about any of it the same one it was like and he did it to himself right. So we'll talk about some of those things right.

My favorite one is called a redefine it's not. X it's y right. So give me a uh a limiting belief that you might have oh let's get let's get a microphone. I'll just give one quick example um there are a lot of limiting beliefs okay.

No. More sessions for you can't close well it's not that you can't close it just you just haven't found the right. Sequence of events to do just to make sure it's 100 percent. I can't close everybody.

I talk to well it's not that you can't close everybody you've talked to it's just you haven't talked to everybody yet. I can't close every. I've talked to or the ones that are still yet to talk to you. But which is more important you focusing on the people you can't close or focusing on the people you can the ones that.

I can excellent thinking about it like that. I'm gonna be better just get rid of that that was two patterns right. And that the other one was also one of my favorites called hierarchy of criteria what just happened talk to talk into the microphone that was amazing he was trying hard too. I was well it's not that you were trying really hard it's just you thought you were trying hard until you realize you were out class.

I never realized that that was a point that's right. He didn't even know he got because he didn't know he got blasted it's like oh yeah and that's what you'll see right. You'll say oh yeah you ever see people just suddenly realize something that's how you know it landed like let's get that look. Right.

You can do this to yourself right. Make a list again. I'm going to show you what we call bucket listing now make a list of every belief that holds you back in any way shape or form and apply these you know some of these patterns to it and it'll change just spontaneously right. Um.

So we got a lot to do in a very short time. So. I hope you guys are ready. I hope you're eating lots of candy because.

I also do weight loss. But and. Then we're going to do um. I think you're going to like the procrastination blaster.

So. First thing we're going to talk about is bucket listing now the reason we have to talk about bucket listing is because of the thing we talked about at the beginning of the class which is the inherent negativity bias of the human nervous system your nervous system is designed to force you to pay attention to the. Godzilla level in your neurology above the. Bambi level ship right.

Understand that your neural memory said your neurology shorts for what's familiar all right. So what happens is you have this big honking problem that you want to fix and you don't know how to fix it. So you go running off to. YouTube or even running off to.

Amazon or whatever you know audible books or whatever to find somebody who has a solution and. So what's literally happening is here's you here's the book. Here's. Godzilla it doesn't end well you don't know what.

I'm talking about don't you right. Right. That's why we fail because you're taking something you have absolutely no. Confidence experience or history of success with and fighting the thing you've got the most practice doing if you want to work on yourself you have to train differently you have to flip the script how many people have ever played a video game okay.

How many are old like me remember the game. Dungeons and. Dragons it's okay. You can admit to geekness not you huh all right.

Fine fine just fine we'll stick to the video game metaphor. Then. So you guys have all seen where you have this level one character right. You have your brand new sword or your little magic wand right.

And you're fine as long as you stay in the level one zone. But every now and. Then you see a level one character wander into a level 10 or 20 killing area what happens it doesn't end well for the level one character does it why the monster's too big and the character's too weak not enough experience points. But there's this thing if the care level one character stays in the level one area long enough every time they kill a monster they get experience points and they level up.

So before you know it that level one character becomes a level two level two becomes a level three assume that can launder into the level five areas and now they can do a level five six and seven monsters why because they're within range yes. That's what you need to do to work on your own now if somebody's guiding you now we can take on. Godzilla. But if you're doing this on your own you gotta flip the script.

So how do we do that this is called bucket listing okay. You knew it was coming bucket listing. First thing you do is a brain dump what does that mean you take everything that bothers you that you want to change it just vomited onto a piece of paper right. So we'll just.

I'll just do little lines here right. So there's two ways that we can do this we can do this in the brain dump format which is ugly or we can do thematic bucket listing okay. What does that mean when. I'm doing a thematic bucket list what.

I want to do. I want to vomit everything onto the page like. I'm going to pick a topic like fear and. I'm just going to write everything on my page that.

I'm afraid of which is what most procrastination is. But some form of fear okay. That fear can that that procrastination can take a couple of different forms. But the end result is you don't get around to doing this you know you need to do right.

So because fear tends to be one of the big ones maybe we do that. So what do. I do. I vomit onto my page everything.

I'm afraid of. So maybe it's spiders paperwork cold calling um dealing with people all right. Um maybe it's um the unknown okay. All right.

So now. I've got four or five things now what. I got to do is. I got to assign a number value on a scale of one to ten how intense is my fear of spiders maybe it's a four how intense is my future of paperwork maybe it's a 12.

I really hate paperwork right. Cold calling maybe it's a maybe it's a 10. some people right. Uh dealing with people maybe it's a nine the unknown maybe it's a six right. Then what do.

I want to do. I want to rearrange the list. So. I got my four.

I got my six. I got my nine. I got my ten. I got my twelve well we'll just assume it's on that's all ten because right.

But the idea here now is. I want to start adding more entries for each of these intensity levels usually around three to five now obviously it'd be best if we could do one two three four all the way down. But a lot of a lot of times it won't be that way. But you can start to extrapolate what might be a three what might be a seven you follow me.

So far okay. Why do we want to do it this way because when. I start working with my technique. I want to do all my level ones.

First when. I've knocked out all my level ones with the technique. I want to develop now. I go to my level twos and.

I've knocked out all my level twos using my technique. I go to my level threes my level fours by the time you hit fives and sixes you're gonna build up such an intense history of success with that technique your neurology is going to say oh. I can do that. I can do that.

I can do that and you can work right. Up the scale until you're doing the eights nines and tens the process will start to automate and through the entire training sequence the perceived level of difficulty is only one how much how big a space is between one and two how big is space between eight and nine exactly it's a different way to train now here's the best part just the very. Act of creating the list will cause you to process this just the act of vomiting it onto a page and reorganizing it by intensity level will put you meta to the experiences which takes you out of it and gives you control over it right. You know you need to know what all those words mean.

But let's just say it catch you from associated to dissociate it now you have power over it just the act of creating a list will do that you'll start to process it right. Away someone had a question let me said you have a question well in my example. I was listening. I started with a four and.

Then. I went six eight nine ideally what. I'd like to do. So the question was why am.

I doing the one two threes when. I teach this in my classes we have you picked ones and twos and threes and. Then organize it and. Then fill in more examples at each intensity level the reason for that is sometimes one or two isn't enough to build up a solid history and repetition.

But what will happen. I have one. I have guys now are telling me like they just point to something like they want to get rid of something they go to point to it it's gone because there's a process in. NLP when we talk about anchors called streamlining if you have four or five things that you anchor one two three four it's called chaining anchors the nervous system gets better and better and better at that sequence and.

So what happened instead of going you hit here and. Then it goes this one fires and this one fires and this one fires and this one fires what actually happens when you start to streamline is you fire this and this fires and. So what's happening now with some of our students is they've done this bucket listing process with all the different techniques. So many times that the minute they become aware of feeling and go to point to it their nervous system just nukes it it's a byproduct of the training you have to the only way you get there is by actually doing the technique enough times now the people who are really doing this are also seeing clients and.

So not only are they getting it from themselves they're doing this with other people. So the secret to really getting good is being on both ends not just receiving it. But also walking other people through it does that make sense. But this is how you apply everything that you've you're gonna you've learned.

So far and what you're going to be learning until the end of tonight you have to follow start with the low level. First because if you go after. Godzilla. Godzilla will show up right.

And trust me every time. I bring somebody up up here. I say give me a one or two or three they always pick. Godzilla.

I don't know if. I'll ever get a chance to be in a room with. David again. I've got to get.

Godzilla out of me sometimes that. I was trying to do some techniques to heal something and uh. I knew what. I want to get healed.

But when. I start to when. I'm when. I'm going to start the process of the healing.

So. I want to think about what. I want to get rid of. I just couldn't think of that.

I just could think the the result. So. So you you couldn't think of what you wanted to get rid of you just wanted a result. I for instance.

I want to get rid of your spider for instance and uh. So. I'm that's what. I want.

So when. I'm going to start the process. I could not think of. I want to get rid of a fear of a spider.

I just could uh think of the memory in my mind. I just could see the end result. I don't have fear anymore okay. So what does it mean.

I got healed already without well when you look. At a spider what happens oh no. I don't have possible if again. A lot of times what happens if like using the spider example which.

I actually had a lady two meetups ago where. I was talking about spiders spider was coming down she freaked out she freaked out right. Where you were sitting namisha and. I literally walked up to her and.

I just. Zapped the spider phobia right. Out. I got it on tape or video we don't have tape anymore right.

I set the spider as royalty check perhaps that one right. But a lot of times if like you go to clear something and all of a sudden the when you go to provoke it it's not there you're done yeah some people just don't know who to be if they let it go that freaks him out more it sounds weird it sounds like why would anybody be that way because we sort for what's familiar remember what he said fear of the unknown who will. I be without this that is a huge thing especially when we talk about procrastination if. I actually accomplish this my will be different what if.

I don't like it what if it's bad what if people don't like me sounds familiar there's two kinds of beliefs that we have folks there's beliefs that we know about and beliefs we don't and we don't know what those other beliefs are until some dude invest or a spider comes along and provokes the out of them understand. So the other thing. I want to. I want to caution you about is thinking you'll ever be done you have if the science is true you have millions of years of accumulated genetic memory floating around inside of you if you go looking for to fix.

I promise you will find it and that can be and you'll have the tools to do it. But. I promise you that that can itself can become a problem where you become. So focused on fixing your you don't move forward because a lot of people believe all once.

I've fixed all my. I can be before and be successful well if you're never done you can never move forward. So you can't be successful which also keeps you stuck. So here's the algorithm.

I want you to apply to this move forward when you run into something that stops you or slows you down fix it keep moving forward don't go looking for more let the life you lead provoke the you need to deal with because if it's not holding you back it's not a problem when it starts to hold you back or impede your progress that's when you fix it that's if you want to self-actualize right. If you want to be one of these people that hides in a cave contemplating their navel until they ascend in a puff of white. Glory or not. So white.

Glory. I don't know what the color it is right. Well you can do that too there's there's a place for that if that's if that's part of your spiritual journey my biggest pet peeve with most of these systems is that they're all here they're all trying to leave they all want to go back to heaven well we came here for a reason let's let's have fun right. All right.

So this is bucket listing this is something. I want you guys to just take a couple minutes do you have paper all right. Let's just take two or three minutes and write down three to five things maybe as they pertain to procrastination maybe as they pertain to other that's holding you back it could be and again you could do a brain dump where you just randomly vomit out things onto the sheet that you want to fix or you can do it thematically like all the things. I'm afraid of all the things that make me sad all the things that make me angry either way is fun.

But whatever you do we're going to keep it short because again we don't have a lot of time and. I want to make sure you guys have enough chances to get your reps in. So this is. I want.

But. I wanted us to be able to isolate the small ones and focus on those okay. You guys feel free guys at home feel free to do this too if it's something that you you think is useful oh. I don't have much time do.

I okay. Foreign all right. I know what we'll do okay. Time's up.

I know. I'm just gonna go ahead. I'll let you guys we'll have to do these as group exercises instead of just doing we don't have time for demos. Moss did we lose uh the chat okay.

That's possible yeah. I'm still moderating it okay. How much time we have left. I'm gonna be very time conscious now [Music].

I don't worry about that all right. Well how many you got any. Sanji right. Amy.

I'm sorry how many you got excellent okay. Did you give them a number yeah once you have them vomited onto the sheet you got to assign a charge value to it okay. How many you got nine you got any ones okay. But you have a level one come on you okay.

To play yeah okay. Very good this is. Amisha. I remember.

Indonesia in the. First generation of. Meetup days okay. So this is called.

The. Magic. Frame exercise this if you look. At the let me just put the chat away really quick this is your your get rid of negative emotions forever triage kit if you understand these three techniques you could literally open a practice fixing people's and make a ton of money they work really fast they could do them anywhere you can do them in a car at 70 miles an hour you can do over the phone you can do them over chat you can do them in a line at.

Starbucks we've had people do them at airports right. I. I have stories and it's not me doing it is people just like you okay. So um.

So the thing you want to clear is it okay. To talk about it or no. What is it uh. I don't like taking orders.

So. I keep making mistakes. I don't like taking orders. So you keep making mistakes yeah.

I like. I know. I'm making a mistake. I'm still doing it okay.

So scale of one to ten how much it's okay. To get rid of it any reason why you might want to keep that okay. Close your eyes. Once you notice that there's a place in your body where the feeling connected that experienced and the reasons behind that feeling or stored take a moment point to where you feel it now excellent now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling and that a picture you could.

Reach. Out. And. Touch won't you reach us touch it excellent.

Tracy outline up with both of your hands. So you know how big it is perfect now what. I want let's make sure we got the right. One grab it make it a little bigger tell me what happens to the feeling the stronger weaker you can tell by the icky face you may bring it back to its original size now slowly pull it closer to your body notice what happens okay.

Put it back. I want you to put up a thick black frame around it bigger and thicker and. Blacker the better right. Size queen all right.

I got you. I want you to feel on the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television you're probably gonna remember that. But find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast physically turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel now turn it once you got that turn it all the way to the left until it makes blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel namisha which one do you like better turn it all the way to the white until the image whites out completely now here's where it gets cool.

I want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and. Then glowing golden letters on that white it out screen there are some reasons some lessons at this experience was trying to share with you trying to teach you trying to help you understand. I want you to write those lessons on that white it out screen and glowing golden letters. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what those lessons are constantly and blam they blasted onto that screen like it's nobody's business some people have no.

Conscious idea what those things are. But the part of you that created these feelings that part always knows. So let that part. Express itself if it needs to let it write in whatever language is appropriate on that white it out screen some people draw pictures some people draw squiggles every now and.

Then you get a little rage monkey they write you you you across the screen some people right. With both hands simultaneously like the writing. Chinese or. Hebrew at the same time.

However you want to do it just let that finger write like automatic writing put everything on that screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go the feelings come up put them on the screen too excellent you know you're done reach up shrink it down to the size of the postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every. Breath.

You. Take into. Every. Beat of your heart your unconscious mind floats that frame up over the top of your head back.

Beyond the. Horizon until it disappears completely below the. Horizon and you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a male feel it nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back test it try to bring that old feeling back try to turn that new feeling off and notice what happens instead time oh is that a good thing give her a big round of applause is it really that quick yeah if you understand the. Dynamics of your autonomic nervous system and how it processes information now the technique you just saw was called the transformational.

Triad what you saw her using is something we called a proprioceptive grid and spell proprioceptive how do. I spell this too many septives fine yeah. I know. I think that works oh wait here we go remember that little frame game we played earlier there it is anything in front of your body is a file your neurology is running it's open it's active it's running.

So it's like a file open on your desktop do you ever notice that some files when you make them bigger they hide other files guess what happens when you make a picture bigger and it's really close you can't see what's behind it. So when people can't move past something guess what they can't move past when you're procrastinating a lot of people if they can't see the end result of something they won't start other people if they can track if they know they need 10 steps to get somewhere. But they're see they're they're orbital in nature and they don't know what the. First step is they do nothing if they can track if they know they need 10 steps and they can see all the way up to step five and.

Then they don't know what to do at step five they'll stop at step one those are all forms of procrastination some people build the plane as they're flying it like they have no. Clue how to start. But they just start and they figure it out as they go right. Some people see where they're at see the end result and realize who they will be who they want to be at the end of that process and are terrified of it.

So they don't start just resonate with anybody all of the above right. So one of the things that we can begin to do is we can begin to move our pictures around we can start to organize our desktop because whether you're conscious of this phenomena or not it's out there and it's impacting your ability to move forward okay. You've all heard me say. I got to get past this right.

You see this here says anything that's in front of you is oh can you guys see this from the back everything in the front is open active and running anything in the back is over closed and complete. So people will say. I got to get past this well if you get past it where does it end up if. I gotta put this behind me where does it end up literally get around things get over things where does it end up the hint is right.

There it's in your language your brains are simultaneously hierarchical literal metaphorical you name it it's doing all of these things at the same time if you have eyes. To see and ears to hear you know exactly how someone's thinking about something not just what they're thinking. But how if you pay attention to the structure of their language which takes training estimation. So uh you know sometimes in meetings sometimes the.

I don't know whoever we've got to move forward move forward. But people are you can sense they're still hanging on all the stuff that didn't get worked out. So it would be better to say let's put all this pasta and move forward if you have strong enough rapport with people this is something my my. Advanced students are they can all do this they can literally walk up to somebody and interact with their own.

I can. I can merge my proprioceptive grid with his and if. I see where his pictures are. I think well let's just put that block aside for a minute and think about how we can make this happen maybe he's in trance like you can literally see that that's one of the more invasive ways that you can influence people.

But people are always when they're communicating they're always referencing these pictures out in front of them and a lot of times when they when they get that black look. On their face they're actually watching the picture you get too close like if someone's running a picture and you get too close a lot of times they get freaked out because you're standing in their picture and they can't process right. This is one of these where our social distancings and things like that come from again it's a whole deep well if you guys want to learn more we have we can go to nlpower.com look. At our live events we're gonna have more meetups coming up uh we have a mastermind that meets on the.

Third. Saturday of every month it is a paid program. But you get in a small room with me for like six and a half hours and we work on whatever you want to work on. So if you're interested in getting involved in that program see.

Mom still sex you guys up right. Those people keep coming back to the meetups probably the. Next level for you you won't get a certificate from. The.

Mastermind what you will get is the chance to roll up your sleeves and do some work right. And get actual real world feedback. So you guys got at least one level one to play with this means yes. This means no.

Stand up stand up what are you laughing about all right. So it's really really simple play pretend like when you were a little kid think about that thing you want to change close your eyes. Point to where in your body you feel it and the reason behind it is stored okay. Now if you need to point to where you feel it okay.

Point to where you feel it if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it now let's make sure we've got the right. One trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is grab the edges of it just like you would without slugging the person. Next to you just like you would expand the windows on your iPhone go ahead and open it wide notice what happens to the feeling does it gets stronger does it get weaker.

I bring it back to its original size low to keep the size of the picture exactly the same now slowly pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the intensity of the feeling does it get stronger does it get weaker. But back to its original. Stars original location now using your imagination plays a big thick black heavy frame around it most of you are too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens or remote controls. But.

I want you to find that base of that frame you're going to feel some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television. I want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast to burn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide for yourself which one you like better if there's a different color you want that screen to be keep playing with it until you get the color you want once you've got that take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters across that colored screen there were some lessons obvious lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative doesn't matter. I want you to write those lessons on that colored out screen in glowing golden letters or whatever color you want.

So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know consciously what those lessons were and. So they just blast them on the screen. However some people have no. Conscious clue what those lessons might be.

But the part of you that created those feelings in the. First place that part always knows. So give that part freedom and permission to express itself let that part start to write on that screen all the lessons connected to this experience all the emotions connected to this experience positive or negative. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go.

So it'll be like automatic writing just let that finger start going and why wife does this she writes for 40 minutes at a time it's like she's writing a chapter from. War and. Peace. I don't care how long it takes.

I. Don't. Care. What feelings and emotions come up as the feelings come up put them on the screen just keep writing when you know they're done reach up shrink that frame down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart your other than conscious mind begins moving that frame up over the top of your head back.

Beyond the. Horizon until it disappears completely below the. Horizon when you know and you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail feel it nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possible to come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing scan your body notice how different you feel open your eyes. And look.

Out here when you're ready only when you're ready some people process faster than others now when we actually start making these changes some people go through all kinds of interesting. Transformations some people break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up. However your body does it that's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done tested try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead did you guys notice.

So. I'm assume you're still processing take your time it's okay. Yes. Sir finish yeah see that's how you know like if sometimes again one of the problems with doing a group is you process at different speeds.

So just keep processing. John you're doing great right. So that's level one of the transformational. Triad things are moving around it's okay.

To let it go any reason why you might want to keep it okay. So what color is it green okay. If your higher mind could send you a feeling of frequency a vibration or a color that would completely dissolve it what color of colors might it send you go ahead and breathe that red energy through that icky green energy that you obviously don't like let it flow into that area in an infinite ever expanding and. I want to let the emotions come out yes.

Yes. Yes. That's why you're here you see one of the problems that we have you just keep processing sweetie it's fine one of the problems that we have is that when we start to move towards health is emotions want to come out and we've got to let them it's trying to deny it trying to force it trying to make things happen that's what keeps them stuck it's called. The.

Law of unconscious response the more you try to will something to happen the more you either get nothing or the inverse of what you're going for you're doing good keep going you got this okay. You got this let it happen right. Let the feelings come up let them come out that's why you're here once they come up they come out they're gone okay. Finding it is half the job allowing it to come out is the other half okay.

So what. I'm doing with um with. Karen right. Now is called color breathing we call level one.

I do this with children because a five-year-old can do this you think you point to where you feel it you close your eyes. You ask your neurology what color is this feeling. First of all you ask if it's okay. To get rid of it that's why we do the magic frame.

First if there's any reason for holding on to it the. Magic. Frame will preserve will extract that. So it'll let the rest go she's processing you need another color or is it going you're putting the smell in great what smell makes it even better she's old factory by the way yeah go ahead and breathe that.

Jasmine energy through that whole area notice what happens see she's one of the few people. I met who's actually olfactory like if you could study. NLP you'll say that people are visuals and auditories and kids she's not she's olfactory she starts doing smells and man everything changes. But that's why a lot of people who work with her in the past they were trying to force a visual or a kinesthetic representation it could be like you get snails in there boom right.

And that's why she keeps coming back oh you look. Better well done you're going to be processing for a while drink lots of water by the way now how many of you notice either you started young how do you got hot when. I did that when we started doing that that's one of the things that happens is a big heat release that happens because you're accessing the fire element there's there's a thermogenic release as that energy that's locked in the cells let's go sometimes it's like you ever open like a like a an oven in this wave of hot energy a lot of times when you tap into those bubbles like just it just. Wells up okay.

So color breathing is really simple we've got some um. Amy do you have something else on your list well you all have something on your list we're going to do color reading. Next just for fun whatever unqualified would it be okay. To get rid of that or change it yeah come on up we'll do this really quick.

So we're going to play the color game now. I just did a full five-day training on the seven or eight levels to this. But this is the one we can do really quick it's okay. To change this is there any reason why you might want to keep it oh did you see it okay.

One of the things you want to learn about is called the six dynamics of an unconscious response unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud and it's never linear when. I asked you if it was okay. To get rid of it you went no.

Yes. Right. Okay. So we're gonna do the magic frame instead.

I was gonna do color breathing. But we're going to do framed. First okay. This is why the frame is always done.

First is it okay. To get rid of it okay. Close your eyes. I'd like you to notice something sweetie that there's a place in your body where that feeling of being unqualified or that fear of being unqualified is stored where it grows where it spreads from take a moment point to where you feel it you guys can all sit down while.

I do this if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it with the other hand excellent trace the outline of it with both of your hands excellent let's make sure we got the right. One grab it with both of your hand make the picture bigger notice what happens to the feeling stronger weaker excellent bring it back to its original size now keep the size of the picture exactly the same pull it closer to your body stronger weaker excellent put it back now put a big thick black frame around is it bigger and thicker and. Blacker the better excellent now you're probably younger remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. But.

I want you to feel on the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television. I want you to find the knob that controls the brightness turn that all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel now turn it all the way to the left until it makes blacks out completely and notice how that makes you feel decide for yourself which one you like better you have absolute permission to change it turn it all the way to the. White.

I want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and. Then glowing golden letters on that white it out screen. I want you to write all the lessons that that experience had to teach you positive or negative. So you can keep those lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what those lessons are and boom they just blast them out on the screen some people have no.

Conscious idea what those lessons are. But the part of you that created this experience in the. First place it always knows to let that part. Express itself some people draw squiggles some people draw lines some people drink you you because they get pissed off right.

Some people write with both hands simultaneously like they're writing. Chinese or. Hebrew at the same time. However your body wants to do it it's just how your body does it and you know it's done shrink it shrink that down the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes your other than conscious mind moves that frame up over the top of your head back.

Beyond the. Horizon until it disappears completely and you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail it nailed back there for all eternity and possible to come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possible comeback test it try to bring those old feelings back and notice what happens instead scan your body what do you notice lighter scale of 0 to 10 rate the remaining feelings let the feelings come out no. Tough little soldiers here all right. If you gotta cry cry that's what you're a safe place for you okay.

Now you notice is it is it still fading or is it stopped yeah that sometimes it takes a little longer to melt we're just going to help it along a little bit if that's okay. Is that okay. Scale of zero to ten rate the remaining feelings right. Okay.

Close your eyes. If your higher mind your autonomic nervous system the part of you that controls your blood pressure your heart rate your immune system if that part could send you a. Feeling the frequency the vibration color that would completely dissolve that remaining feeling in your body that also has a color and give you what you most need and want and desire instead. I'm curious.

I'm wondering what color colors might it send you blue. I want you to imagine a beautiful ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change is that beautiful blue ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you it's a beautiful blue. Embrace. Papua and a shield a suit of armor insulating and protecting from all feelings of not being good enough not being qualified real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body.

But in your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and. Amy when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up as tube like hot air helium fills a balloon.

But especially breathe it through that area where the colors connected to that old feeling that's fading away used to be. So it's completely gone and when it's completely gone just nod your head do it yeah. I had to bring it back and notice what happens instead you notice still zero to ten rate the remaining feelings if any one cool excellent give her a big round of applause right. Now.

Amy you may feel emotions wanting to come up let them that's your body purging what it's no. Longer needs to hold on to drink lots of water okay. No. It's tough when you're in front of all these people like those feelings you know.

I can always tell when people are percolating right. The problem we have is never the feelings we express that cause us the problems it's the feelings we've conditioned ourselves to lock down understand that it's the feelings that we refuse to face that make us sick that hold us back when we express it and we find the root cause of it and we change it at the source everything shifts okay. Here's the best part you're not going to believe me that's okay. You don't have to for everything on your list that you want to change even the ones you haven't written down yet you've already beaten it you know how.

I know because you're in this room because everything that has traumatized you everything that has given you a limitation in your mind was an experience that you thought was going to kill you no. Matter how logical that sounds that's how it caused the trauma in the. First place the very fact that you're in this room means you be everything that was trying to kill you everything that was trying to hurt you you beat it because if you didn't you wouldn't be here. But that feeling we carry around is something not quite right.

That's just the check engine light on the dashboard when you're driving down the road and the check engine light goes off you go rushing to the mechanic to fix the light no. The light is just telling you there's something that needs two nips right. That's all those feelings are just a check engine light do you have the keys to fix it you have the mechanic you have the tools because if you can point to where you feel it reach out and touch it you can change it okay. We're not done yet.

So let's talk about a little bit more about procrastination. I'm going to teach you a technique to really see if you want learned it from the. Russians it's called the procrastination. Blaster the original technique was called the echo magnet if you can find the book.

Red. Gold you'll probably wind up pan a redonkulous amount of money for it because it's out of print by. Gregory reiport my procrastination. Blaster is based on his technique known as the echo magnet.

So the. First thing you're gonna you're gonna do is you're going to pick something that you have to do that you don't want to do oh that's never happened right. And you're going to start with a very loud emphatic emotional statement. I must blank.

So let's say maybe we're talking about paperwork right. I must do my paperwork. I must do my paperwork. I must do my paperwork.

I must do my paperwork. I must do my paperwork and you're just going to build it and build it and just as much emotion as you can. Then you're going to drop it all you're going to become completely indifferent couldn't give a about paperwork and you're going to say to yourself. I don't want to blank.

I don't want to do paperwork. I don't want to do paperwork. I don't want to do paperwork. I don't want to do paperwork.

I don't want to do paperwork. I don't want to do paperwork. I don't want to do paperwork and you build it and you build it and you build it when you reach that emotional. Crescendo.

So quiet it's almost like the. Afterglow of an orgasm just go quiet and. Then once you go quiet just wait within a few seconds you'll start to hear a little voice in the back of your head and it'll sign something. I want to do.

X. I want to do. X. I want to do.

X let it build when it reaches its. Crescendo get up and do the thing that you just built the energy up for okay. This was one of the techniques most of you weren't around in the 70s some of us were. But there was a time when the.

Russians the. Soviet. Union took. Like 70 gold medals in the.

U.S. Olympics this piece is from the mental training system they are they used for all their athletes okay. So can we do this together. I want you to look.

At your list or think of something that you've been putting off that you have to do this is this is by the way this is an immediate technique like there's something the moment you do this you got to get up and go do it understand it's designed to break your cognitive inertia. So it's going to be a little chaotic doing this. But. I want you to stand up stand up.

I want you to think of something that you have to do that you don't want to do and now. I need you to vocalize this right. It's going to get a little crazy. But everybody's going to be yelling and screaming at the same time.

So it's all good right. So. I'm going to start you off and. Then.

I'm going to let you go. But here's the secret you gotta build the emotion into this you've got to get the meat engaged okay. Ready. I must do okay.

Let's try that again. I must speak out loud. I must speak out loud. I must begin let's do that one okay.

I must speak out loud. I must speak out loud. I must speak out loud. I must speak out loud.

I must think out loud. I must be down loud. I don't want to speak out loud. I don't want to speak out loud.

I don't want to speak out loud. I don't want to speak out loud. I don't want to speak out loud. I don't want to speak out loud.

I don't want to speak out loud it's happened damn it's happening how are you feeling okay. To speak out loud yeah okay. Now we just get up and now pick something on your list that you want to you gotta go do you ready. I must.

I must. I must. I must if. I must.

I must. I must. I must. I must.

I must. I must when you reach that emotional people. I don't want to. I don't want to.

I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to.

I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to uh-huh you ready that quick and yes.

I can get you to do you don't want to do right. Simple right. Simple simple. I got more.

But. I'm out of time. So if you had a good time tonight please post good things to the. Meetup if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's.

Meetup there will be more events right. If you want us if you want to find out more about all the things the services the products the courses that we offer check in with moss if yourselves a big round of applause you're an amazing audience to our folks on. YouTube hope you enjoyed the show we'll see you in a couple of days we got a webinar coming up on uh. September 28th it's uh weapons of social seduction defense against the dark arts of psychological manipulation uh it'll be on our.

YouTube channel you guys are invited to come and join us in the words of the immortal calibernate. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes at the time we have to say hello good night my friends we'll see you. Next time.
