Title: qgrfrbz_UqA.txt
Video Id: qgrfrbz_UqA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgrfrbz_UqA

All right. Welcome to my world won't you come on in have you had enough candy it's important welcome to secrets of energy have noticed this my name is. David. Schneider and today we're going to take a little journey together we're going to begin to explore the synthesis of what a lot of us in our profession in our community openly embrace.

But often have trouble integrating a little bit about myself real quick because it's all about me. I've been doing hypnosis since about the age of 15 doing energetics almost as long. I have an 80 degree black belt in an art called ruku. Campo which is an art that specifically deals with manipulating and managing the acupuncture points and meridians of the human body in other words.

I'm training to do things energetically to a body that it doesn't want me to okay. I'm also a licensed acupuncturist in the state of. California. I run a clinic in.

Solana. Beach where my specialty is treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion okay. Which is pretty much everything yeah. I as a licensed acupuncturist.

I spend $100,000 to learn all kinds of cool things about the body that. I never use why because. I can treat most everything faster easier and permanently using the technologies. I'm going to share with you today okay.

Now that being said. I don't get the usual clients. I worked almost exclusively off up until recently. Anyway almost exclusively off medical referral the people.

I get are in chronic pain they have terminal illness they have a lot of. I do a lot of trauma work as well. But. I get almost.

I have 100% success rate with weight loss. But. I get one a year. So you know take that for what it's worth.

I have never had ironically. I have never had a non-smoking patient. But. I did get lots of people who don't want to get fixed get that a lot how many of you were in my my instant conversational hypnosis for a shop.

Last night or yesterday morning rather right. In that in that workshop. I gave out a process that. I almost never give out in a public training it's called the autonomous our formula and it's basically designed to take anybody who doesn't want something and have them generate their own personal reason for wanting to do it and.

Then making them fight to do it. So you really get them resisting you in the direction of change and. I know a lot of the people in the room that day were actually you know seed clients and we're doing a lot of non-smoking patients and we all know what those kind of people are like right. They're there for every reason other than their own right.

So a little bit more about me. I've been running meetups and practice groups in hypnosis and. NLP pretty much since 2003 or 2004 where. I met this kid named.

Scott salmon and this weird guy named. Richard. Clark and. Then this guy.

Richard. Webster has shown up on the same day. I held my. First my.

First get-together with the. Los. Angeles sleepwalkers and there was this this evil cabal was launched no. One has to sleepwalkers and it's been just a very very interesting journey over the.

Last 12 years because what began 12 years ago in. Los. Angeles is now something that embraces all of you and even though they're not here and they never see this video. So everybody give a huge huge round of applause to.

Richard. Clark that's got salmon for achieving a hypnotist. But it truly truly taken a vision and expanded it beyond what we even thought we could do. Batman and they deserve a tremendous amount of credit for it that being said let's jump into today's topic okay.

The. First thing we need to talk about is what the hell is energy by the way. I thrive on dialogue they've only given me an hour today which was a big mistake because this is a huge topic. I am going to teach you one technique.

I'm going to demonstrate it several times. First and. Then. I'm going to teach you and let you practice it on each other.

I will try to keep as much activity the explanations to a minimum at. First and. I will tell you why we many of us operate under the belief that we have to fully understand all the ins and outs of something before we can actually do it the two minute technique. I'm going to show you.

I could spend two days unpacking all the things that are going on in that two minutes linguistically energetically neurologically and we would never get anything done. I look. Much rather than come out of here with a solid technique that you can pretty much throw it anything that walks into your office and nuke it within about seven minutes if you're slow being said. I'm still waiting for confirmation on this.

I'd recently did a. Skype session utilizing the technique that. I'm about to teach you and in the space of five minutes you know every good knows what a sudden scale is right. I had a gentleman who was suffering from cancer yeah it had pretty much spread to all kinds of weird places in his body which is actually we're starting to getting more and more of that people are amazed of what we're doing.

But in a nutshell basically. I had him break his thighs on the scale of 0 to 10 how bad the pain was and where the tumor was and he gave me an 8 and he actually held he was feeling the mass in his scapula and. I did this technique on him and. I said well how was it how was it now he goes six and there the game and you start to get a weird look.

On his face for and he's starting at nervous. I had feeling. I knew why. But we did it one more time drop down to a 2 and he's literally looking for the tumor in his schedule ok.

And he got visibly agitated when we got into it too. So we left it there for now all right. But. I have done this this technique if you target it right.

Can be can be a tumor killer. I've seen it reversed 25-year lone cases of constipation. I've seen her herpes outbreaks low back any kind of pain physical or emotional short of pin and as long as there's no. Recurring biomechanical issue like if they're walking weird because they have an imbalance that educates somewhere else.

But even. Then this stuff goes away it doesn't come back okay. So does anybody here have an ouchy. But you got and you sure oh yeah she wouldn't lie to me would not in the world all right.

So here's what. I want you. I want you to point to where you feel the pain cool now here's what. I want you to do close your eyes.

Close your eyes. Look. At it with your inner eyes. On a scale of zero to ten rate the pain.

First impression about a for about a fortnight you look. At that sensation with your inner office. I want you to notice there's a color connected to it what's the color. First impression the brown we're gonna reach and grab all that brown energy take it out and hold it in your hands make sure you get it off.

But sometimes that shit-hot should be in a technical term make sure you get it all there you go good sit on your hands all in your hands okay. Did the color change your state of singing. First impression kind of brown red no. Excellent as you look.

At it. I want you to notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction does not a plug-flow grab it with both of your hands physically grab with both of your hands reoriented in space. So it's spinning the opposite of what it was it's now the opposite of what it was double the spin double the amplitude double it again keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's going let the feelings come up whenever there you know. I try to bring it back.

I know most the time. I can't walk and use your nail that. I have all morning. I know it's really funny about this the reason.

I'm at this workshop. So. I saw you do this on. YouTube and my wife was having a knee problem and.

I did this to her the very. First time she what you got me sweetie what's your name. Felicia is is there something physically wrong with the tooth okay. So you want to give it for now yeah okay.

You will promise to get it looked at though it's okay. To get rid of it. Then okay. So points where you feel the pain good now close your eyes.

Look. At it with your inner eyes. Scale of 0 to 10 rate the feeling fine take it out grab all that right. Dose of color associated with that that energy what's the color grab it all take it out make sure you get it all.

But sometimes that hides it all in your hands save she's still digging it out. I told you now as you look. At that did the color change or stay the same good notice it's moving in a certain direction spinning in a certain direction what direction physically grab it with your hands reorient it in space. So it's the opposite of what it was now double the spin double the amplitude double it again keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change how you feeling thanks skills your attack okay.

Close your eyes. I don't stop it to point it is it the coldest day of them same indifferent reach in grab the rest of it take it out hold it in your hands even get it all. Last time that's about double the spin in the direction that makes it feel better double spin double it again get into it keep doubling it double it over and over and over again till it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it put it back in notice the change. But the feelings come up too because sometimes there's an emotional component that we try to repress that's what keeps it locked in you'll be round applause come on up yes.

What you got a screwed up disc this is again when we come into that area just because we can fix something should we write is it okay. For us to fix it yeah okay. I don't know that will fix the physiological components we might sometimes they be right. Back.

I've been working on it and it's improved greatly oh thanks all right. So cool all right. So here's what. I want you do point where you'll be okay.

Yeah make sure now by the way just for those of you who are trained in pain control. I'm doing something here that rapid that instantly violates what the. First thing we're taught about pain control you know what that is. I'm saying where's the pain there's a reason and.

I'm gonna get into the reason why as we go through the mechanics this you found it yeah excellent now close your eyes. Look. At it with your inner eyes. As you look.

At the sensation. I want you to notice something. I want you to notice as a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression like tomorrow excellent.

I want you to reach and grab all that. Norman energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you've got it all sometimes that hives now you may also notice as you dig that out that there's a reason that that feeling was there and there's a feeling connected to that reason and that might live in a different part of your body if that's true we'll deal with that in a minute. But as you look. At that energy in your hands did the color change or stay the same.

First impression yeah it's like purple excellent now as you look. At it notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning this way excellent. I want you to grab it with both of your hands physically grab it and reorient it. So it's now rotating and moving the opposite of what it was double the spin double the amplitude double the force and double the magnitude keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it slam it back in the mess father notice the change they round of applause for the lady yes.

Sir oh. I guess they're just gonna line up come on up one more time all right. What you got sir in your left how long had that are you doing weird things that make it bad okay. You ready yes.

All right. So he lost your point we feel pain okay. Close your eyes. Now look.

At it with your inner eyes. On a scale of zero to ten rate the sensation right. Now about a three by three excellent as you look. At that feeling that once you notice there's a color associated with it what's the color.

First impression green puke green all right. Reach in with both of your hands and physically take all that puke green energy out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes it hides especially for arthritis got it all yeah okay. Did the color change or stay the same person pressure. Later great okay.

Excellent now as you look. At it. I want you to notice it's spinning in a certain direction or direction - spinning excellent physically grab it with both of your hands reorient it and climb a space. So that it's now moving the opposite of what it was double the spin double the amplitude double the force double deny you to keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot the change that's a look.

Of a happy camper a feeling great good job give me a round of applause thank you. So you guys are gonna have to really extend your pre-talk to do an hour session now here's the cool part.
