Title: SELF DEFENSE TECHNIQUES: Simple Self Defense Moves That Could Save Your Life!
File Name: qheN95rvvZE.txt
Video Id: qheN95rvvZE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qheN95rvvZE

All right. So the. First thing we're gonna do. I'm going to teach you a very very special secret ninja martial arts technique goes something like this.

I want you to look. Immediately to the person to your right. Or immediately to the person of your left hold out your hand and take their hand in yours look. Them in the eyes.

And go boom now find somebody else grab their hand look. Them in the eye and go low and. Then find somebody else and just keep doing it until you feel ridiculous this is our self defense this is called the insanity defense all right. Face up here give yourselves a big round of applause this is called the insanity defense whenever somebody starts to attack you go boo boo.

Amell and. Then you hit them there's a video if you go to my. I have a page on my. Facebook.

Account called martial arts mania and every time. I find a really good martial arts clip that teaches something valuable. I put it there for my safety. But you're more than welcome to sign up.

But there's a guy out there who's teaching what an. NLP it's called a pattern interrupt pattern interrupts if you think about how your nervous system works there's a sequence of things your brain must do to do anything and it's a specific order it has to do it if that sequence gets interrupted the brain goes into confusion okay. For a split. Second you're literally hypnotized and for all intents and purposes blind deaf and dumb for a fraction of a.

Second okay. Back in the korean war days the dog fighters one of the head trainers for the dog fighters in the air in the. Air. Force came across this concept known as the ood a loop or the observe of.

Orient observe decide act sequence it's a set of processes that the nervous system has to go through to do anything and the more information that the nervous system has to process and juggle the outcomes the longer it takes to respond and that discovery dramatically impacted how the. American. Air. Force pilots were trained in aerial combat we can understand that for self-defense by understanding that anytime somebody attacks us they're going through a sequence of steps in their mind most of it is pre conscious they don't even know they're doing it.

But if you interrupt that sequence at any given point they literally a can't pick up where they left off which means they have to start over and be for all intents and purposes they're blind deaf and dumb their awareness of what's going on is no. Longer external it goes inside they go into daydream mode and there's a guy on my youtube channel that has taken this to the nth degree for use in bars and things like that right. So it's it's really it's only like a five or six minute video it's really entertaining. But once you if you if you go and you watch that video with that concept in mind you're gonna you're gonna create a tremendous advantage in your self defense remember something human beings are dramatically similar right.

Even though you're taller than rows and. Brett's taller than me and. TJ's taller than everyone right. Even though you all are unique in your own special way you're all beautiful precise precious specimens of humanity.

But not that much you're more alike than you are different and that's what makes for what. I'm about to teach you today useful okay. And we have a seminar coming up. I'm gonna just put this out there right.

Now we have a seminar coming up in. February. February 9th through 11th where. I'm gonna teach you this whole idea of psychological warfare we call it mind hitting the.

Chinese boxers which is this is not a new thing the. Chinese boxers hundreds of years ago called it mind hitting and it was how to just create these gaps in people's awareness whether you could literally just hit them without them seeing it coming right. That's part of what. I'll be teaching is along with along with the seminar curriculum we're gonna.

I want you to keep that in mind as we begin playing with today's topic which is pressure points pressure points of the human body now my little pedigree just. So you know. I am a licensed acupuncturist and. I have a.

Master degree in oriental medicine with the state of. California as well as. I was almost on nationally accredited. I have a clinic in.

Solana. Beach where. I've been treating patients with my what my partner and my wife dr. Donna.

Liu since 2005 my specialty there is treating physiological illness that has its roots repressed emotion. So we don't we don't get a lot of smoked cessation or weight loss or things like that we get some heavy-duty stuff. I'm a certified trainer and master practitioner in neuro linguistic programming in fact. I'm ranked number two in the world right.

Now by global gurus dot-org in terms of yeah. So it doesn't suck. So. I thank everybody who voted for me.

I'll pay you. Later in terms of my martial arts. I have a ninth degree black belt in. Okinawan karate route you can't bail under a.

Grand. Master. George. Tillman that is an art that specializes specifically in attacking and manipulating the acupuncture points and meridians of the body okay.

I have a second-degree black belt in. Kosho. Kempo rule which is a an old-school old. Kempo variation i'm a certified instructor in combat.

Systema which has a unique set of pressure point applications within it which we call structural pressure points as well as. IQ jujitsu i'm not blind my certified in. IQ did you see. But.

I've studied it intensely for a very long time. I am a current student of. Tai. Chi in.

Wing. Chun. I'm certified at black belt in. Fong.

Kourou. Jiu. Jitsu and a brown belt in small circle jujitsu hopefully will get that black belt taken care of. Next couple years it's overdue.

But. Anyway. I'm a late bloomer and today is not about any of that today is about using pressure points of the body to protect yourself now the best part is if you were here for my. Escrima meet up you get to pick up where you left off you get to practice that stuff.

But now we're gonna take it to another level for those of you who weren't there for the meet up it's okay. We're going to go we're gonna go through what you need to know you do not need to be a martial artist to use these points. But you do have to embrace and to certain key skills one of which is what we call state control which is the ability not to lose your when the fecal matter hits the rotating oscillator okay. Some of the things that.

I'm going to share with you are very simple they're very easy. But if you don't take the time to practice them with the proper attitude they are nothing more than parlor tricks okay. I'm gonna show you some stuff that's gonna be just there's no. Way that could work and.

Then you're gonna do it on somebody just kind of freakin work that being said. I'm not here to teach you guys how to be the word. Next kickboxing champion of the world or win the. Next.

UFC although some of you may aspire to that what. I'm basically here to teach you how to do is go home how to avoid an altercation or if something goes down how to take care of business and go home safe does that make sense if you want those other things we have classes and things for that that is not what tonight is about if this is the scope of everything. I have to teach. I have time for this.

So my commitment is in the two hours that we have. I will take you as far as. I can and. I'll show you where to go for more if you would like to go further it would that be fair excellent.

So here's the. First thing. I want you to do everybody take your hands and go like this now get on your knees and pray no. The reason we're here is because this is home for us from now on okay.

Whenever our hands are not doing something. I want them to come back to your chest does that make sense okay. Pressure point theory and we're happy we're gonna we're going to talk about in terms of today we're going to talk about pressure points and categories. First one we talked about was psychological the pattern interrupts where.

I had you go blue at each other it does two things a because. I'm a hypnotist it does show you. I can get you to do things you don't want to do. But there was a very famous martial artist about 30 40 years ago his way of dealing with bar fights was to spit in the guy's face and the guy who got spat on we get.

So grossed out he run away right. Pretending to be nuts is a great way to avoid a fight okay. Just telling you why because it takes the frame of reference the frame of mind the psycho-emotional stay that an attacker is in and breaks it and when it breaks it they go into confusion when they go into confusion you have time to do one of the things we're going to be working with does that make sense we're gonna teach you other types of pressure points other types of vulnerabilities you have perceptual pressure points there are places in the human body where you know don't even see it coming did you actually write and. I'm standing right.

In front of her and she didn't see it coming right. All of a sudden there's something appears right. There these are called lines of cancellation or dead zones we'll be covering that also in the seminar because if the key member no. Matter how fast you are if the guy sees it coming it's slow if they never see it coming no.

Matter how slow you are it's pretty damn fast a lot of us martial artists like to say the punch that hurts the worse is the one you don't see all right. So keep that in mind we want to be sneaky we want to be more like ninjas than bouncers in a bar does that make sense although having that bouncer attitude is often a good way to avoid a fight one of my by proxy members a guy by the name of dr. John la. Tourette used to say if you walk around looking like a bologna sandwich don't be surprised when somebody tries to take a bite out of you right.

So a lot of your self defense is about your attitude and body language okay. There's different ways that again there's a whole these a whole different fields of inquiry in terms of pressure points psychological pressure points perceptual pressure points the. Next level of pressure point that we're going to play with is going to be structural pressure points these are natural weaknesses of the human body that because you're a human being with a spine and two legs work on you no. Matter what they have the highest success rate of all the different types of pressure points because we're all mechanically fundamentally under the power of the law of the laws of physics and when we understand how the law is the physics works and how the body is constructed we can make it fall real easy the ground we're going to teach people how to hit.

Pete you're going to teach you how to hit people with the hardest substance around which is the ground ok. We're going to do it in a gentle way my goal here is to have fun okay. The. Next set of pressure points that we can talk about are the ones most people know about neurological pressure points seventh cranial nerve mandibular nerve mental foramen and these.

I think get the toughest rap in the world although the ones everybody talks about right. Volcom def pinched and all these other things right. These things can work they take a higher level of tool a higher degree of technical mastery to make work they were always considered an advanced level in the martial arts learning and playing with the full system of neurological attacking assumes that you have the ability to hit a moving target that you have the ability to control your state that you have the ability to do basic combat skills if you don't have basic self-defense or combat of skills already wired in you got no. Business playing with pressure points it's not gonna put a big red s on your chest.

However if you follow the progression of pressure point style categories that we mentioned it will make attacking those final points dramatically easier and a lot more bulletproof because everything that comes before it has set you up to be more successful and give you the maximum amount of safety doing it right. So here's your basic theory one pressure point causes pain usually right. On the spot if. I mean zeroes if if.

Rose grabs me now roses really tiny which means he's got tiny pressure point which means this heart is ideal for her okay. Big person big pressure points it's easier for her to hurt you big guys than it is for you to hurt her with a pressure point. So she has the advantage. But she grabs me nice and tight strong like bull fight us here she lets go she doesn't know why got to stop some pressure points are activated by touch that's why they have were never discovered in the martial arts.

But they're there they're embedded in a lot of the styles and the forms that martial arts do this artist called. Kyushu. Jitsu which literally means has two two definitions vital point fighting or one-second fighting now what is most commonly popularized of. Kyushu.

Jitsu is the touch knockouts where you touch somebody light and they go to sleep that is not the vast majority of how. Kyushu. Jitsu works it's a sign of technical skill and as a demonstration. I can touch somebody and make them dizzy in reality.

I'm gonna blast that thing with everything in it with all the energy. I got or in some cases with the right. Energetic polarity okay. A lot of these things.

But we'll talk about we're gonna play with the electrical system of the body you're gonna see how cool this gets right. I mean. I'm gonna show you some really really you can look. At it that shouldn't work and.

I'm gonna do it it's gonna work okay. But remember these are progressions and it a lot of the advanced stuff and we're going to show it to you. So you know where you're going if you want to go that way a lot of these things assume they demand that you already know how to put throw a punch you already know how to throw a kick you already know how to move in a certain way to stand in a certain way if you don't have those skills you got to get those. First.

I'm gonna teach you a fast track today it doesn't require a lot of that it's just gonna well actually requires all of that. But it's going to be part at a very very minimal level it's going to be like the 80/20 plan 80% of your technique is gonna come from 20% of the moves you learn okay. So one pressure point grab one pressure point causes pain to pressure points will cause the pain to meet between the two points kind of like touching the positive and negative battery cables together to get a little spark along that nerve. Thank.

You rose okay. Yes. All right. Use that cuz he's double-jointed name and he doesn't break sides it doesn't look.

Real cool if. I'm beating on a woman. So he's already signed the waiver. I can do that.

So. So if. I if he grabs me and. I touch here he lets go right.

I grabbed here. I could if. I do if. I touch here and.

I touched notice. I touch here not much happens. I touch here it. Herzl you can see a little bit on his face.

But if. I touch here and. I touch here. I get a cumulative response there salivating right.

Now. So one pressure point causes pain to pressure points cause the pain to meet between the two points and. So if. I if.

I enter energy into this point. I get like a 1 like an energy unit of 1 here and an energy unit of 1 here if. I measure that. I'll get 1 and 1 at this end and one at this end.

But somewhere in the middle. I'll get it - it'll cumulate you'll become cumulative does that make sense these cumulative striking movements did you do it when you were you didn't did you train what no. I was. I was a me a train was.

Richard you did martial arts before right. Did you do it you did kroff right. Did you do any do have yukatas or crop mukada form type movements in crop come from did you guys do these movements that's comfortable ok. These movements were never designed as blocks did you know that yeah.

I'll show you because you've been doing that all day with a stick you didn't know you were doing it. I'll teach you a shape okay. So one pressure point causes pain to cause pain in the meet in the middle three can cause someone to pass out or in many cases you'll see the cyst the body will just keel over they may not go all the way out. But they'll be like in a.

TKO kind of it they'll get buzzed a little flash and that's really what a lot of cue show was really advanced cue show was that time death and all out of their stuff which in your pay grade right. Now works. But the skill level necessary to pull those things off is just not where most people are going to go we're going to show you quick and dirty all right. Cuz quick and dirty that should go home.

So you have time to learn all the other cool. But three pressure points done in the right. Order with the right. Stimulation in the right.

Angle and direction can cause somebody to pass out either completely or partially which means they go into that fuzzy staggering kind of a place where you can either push them away and run or finish them okay. I personally like to finish people because. Then they won't come after me anymore. But if there's more than one better to fight and run away.

Then right. So one pressure point causes pain to pressure points cause pain to meet in the middle three can cause somebody to pass out right. So on this basic brush counter the. First move we're gonna work on is brush check counter.

But we're gonna do a what we call the oh position. First okay. So in this movement we're doing brush check counter we're going to be connecting dots. So worse before in our in our screamer we were hitting the hand defanging the snake is the.

Escrima doors like to say in this situation now we're going to be attacking points on the arm and points on the head and neck we're gonna do it in a slightly different order than traditional. Kyushu. Jitsu teaches us because this is a finesse move and this is a no-shit move okay. And.

I like the oh sorrow is going to come before the finesse okay. So one pressure point caused the pain to pressure points cause pain to meet in the middle three can cause someone to pass out now. I taught you to pressure points that you're a screamer meet up that will will be your. Third point the temple that little back to front energy you guys remember that one and the the the hinge of the jaw triple warmer seventeen seventh cranial nerve that nerve is weaker if.

I touch it here that was just a touch didn't see that you know that was coming. I'm sorry right. But. I touched here and.

I did this different now that should have been weaker and. I'll tell you any no. Pressure one can take three consecutive hits. But because.

I didn't have the set up nerve here this nerve wasn't as sensitive see the difference in his response right. So that's where the advanced part of the artist and that's what's hidden in your martial arts. Coty's and things like that okay. In the system we're gonna learn today we're gonna go right.

For these finishing points we're gonna use them as the primary we're gonna come back we're gonna bounce into the arm. Then we're gonna come back into the finishing points. So it's a little bit of it's more aggressive. So if you like aggressive techniques this little disel help.

So one pressure point causes pain to pressure. But. I'm not gonna hit you guys don't worry he's already signed the waiver. I haven't beaten on this guy for six years he hasn't gone away shows you how stupid he is.

Anyway. I love this guy alright. Fact. I took.

Him to. Dolman camp one time anybody thought he was my kid he had a he had to go for therapy for six months after that yeah all right. So four pressure points can actually kill somebody for pressure. I'm not going to do that noise for pressure points based on the old theory can actually shut off an organ depending on the organ it may take you a certain amount of time to fully go away.

But there's about a 90% chance that if you know the right. Revival techniques you can restart the organ it'll be like nothing ever happened to him right. They might have a little blood sugar issue or something like that five pressure points you turn off the organ and the backup system you need the crash cart at that point okay. Like.

I said in in seminars and things where we go around and we teach we almost never show a full three points unless we really know the person and we know that that we were solid with our revival techniques behind closed doors when we actually bring out the medical equipment we have the. Eagle equip the. EMTs on staff and things like that for advanced trainings people have been known to actually been killed and brought back okay. But that's not what you guys need to understand.

But. I want you to understand that it can be that way the one thing though that. I'm going to caution you about neurological attacking is depending on how you've used your nervous system over the years or abused it in some cases ethnic background some pressure points will be more sensitive on one particular person than others that's why. I consider them less reliable than structural pressure points you all have a spine and it's all basically built the same because of that their work what works for you will work on him him or.

TJ over there okay. And that's what. I like about it it's consistent it has nothing to do with neurological receptivity per se. But it's more reliable and it puts the person right.

On the ground where you can finish okay. So that's your basic pressure point. Theory the. First thing we're going to talk about is what.

I call the oh position in my regular classes we call this the. Rhino. Position all right. Most people who are attacked are attacked because they lack what we call situational awareness in other words they're in their head thinking about where they're gonna go where they gotta be.

Next what they're gonna do they're gonna drop the kids off pick them up whatever they're not in the world paying attention and. So when the tak comes if it comes from somewhere in the frontal plane or from the side plane it's almost always by surprise okay. So the. First thing that happens whenever somebody is attacked we do this true not true right.

This is a visitor. So this is what we're gonna since this is what we're inclined to do. Anyway let's make it good. So this is a basic oh position this is what.

I call the. Rhino. So if. I use your left hand if zach is gonna swing a hook.

Punch at my head this is my movement. I'm just covering myself you see this okay. Nice and slow. So they can see as it comes in.

I'm here. I use an open palm and just just heavy hit alright. So the. First thing.

I want to slow down again is. I want to just bring it up here. I want to. I want and when.

I do this pretend when. I do this. I want to contour the back of my head and. I want to keep a nice solid.

I don't want to push it out here because they could push that right. Into my face okay. And. Then this hands gonna come right.

Up underneath see this okay. You see a lot of people who are training in combatives this is what they're going to if you're going to wade through somebody swinging a stick or a knife they're gonna come in like this okay. So one hand goes under the arm some people like to do this one which are not a big fan of okay. Mostly because my eyes.

Are still relatively exposed. But throws my forehead. So. I like.

I like this a lot more okay. So with the right. Hand punch as it comes in. I'm gonna come in here boom just like this.

I want you to just get a partner and work that movement now your partner we're gonna start off very very simple you're gonna bring your hands up into this position and all your partner is gonna do use right. Side left side you're gonna they're gonna do a nice loopy heavy hit it's not a you're not trying to blast the person. But you want to have confidence in this movement you want to make sure that that movement will protect you right. So as.

I strike he's going to assume the position right. And. I'm not. I'm not blasting him.

But. I'm doing a nice heavy hit. So he can feel what that's like to take force okay. For those of you who don't want to hit with a hand yeah yeah you can do that actually this would work really well against a stick if you were going to have to if you had if you had to close on somebody who had a stick that would be how you would do it if you didn't have one okay.

Because it will get you through that arc of aggression and right. Into where you can do the knees the elbows and the head butts right. This is actually where that come from. So those of you who want to do something you know maybe you're afraid you're gonna hurt the person.

I have lots of toys. I like my toys. So from this position all he's gonna do is practice his. Rhino.

So. I'm gonna come in this is all. I want to do alright. Now again you don't have to go that hard he's just.

I'm training him. So. But again if you're if you're just getting started you're just you're not used to it you can just nice and loopy you notice how he leans into it right. He gets his body behind it okay.

Because this assumes that we're gonna. Finnick lows and we're gonna finish. I'm if. I run away he's just gonna chase me does that make sense and if he's got friends it's really over right.

So this is what in in the world according to. David we call anticipatory attack we assume the fight is unavoidable. So we're moving. First right.

So has. So as. I come in boom and again we can keep stepping it up. But now he gets confidence in that right.

And because he doesn't have to reach out for a limb he's max he has the maximum amount of time to respond anytime as the strike is coming and anytime you have to reach out for something you're exposed you have it takes time for those hands to meet right. Those of you who do brush trap strike if he comes in like this right. Boom broken broken broken right. He came to me does that make sense.

So we were only here for a fraction of a. Second and. Then we're into something that makes sense. So if you want to play with the we have lots of pads.

So don't be bashful. But again this is notice my position. I'm moving forward. I'm moving forward my eyes.

Are forward. I'm not looking down into my rook. On my elbow like a. Dracula sneeze right.

Like that okay. So as. I come in boom boom does this look. Like.

Irish scream before work all right. Okay. Partner up let's play with that now break you guys are doing great one little thing. I'm used to okay.

So as. Krishna comes in what's happening go ahead your guys are going like this and that's fine when you and some of you are actually starting to do the lean in which is great the. Next thing. I want you to do is if you're gonna do the lean in part as he comes in as you lean in bring your back foot with you see what just happened when.

I do this my body weight and my momentum are behind that movement if he comes in and. I do this. I can't move any further. I'm stuck that's my anchor.

So if. Stefan throws the punch though. I'm right. Here all right.

So. I'm simultaneously attacking and defending and. Then. I can do all kinds of cool stuff right.

So if you're gonna do the lean in part of it which is fine what do you want to just stand there and take it do the lean in. But now bring the foot imagine there's a very short bungee attached to your ankles. So everywhere that forward leg goes okay. And that will always bring your body mass with you.

So that. So that let me use it. Joseph. So that as.

I connect see that's ground transfer right. That's way more than enough energy to activate any of the points. I showed you. So far and you're just gonna get stronger okay.

Play with it. Next drill let me use a dummy. I played with you in a while beat up the small guys right. All right.

So from this position now as the strike is coming and. I move in. I go to my my. Rhino.

Or my oh again if you're in my class we call it the. Rhino. If you're in a self-defense class. I call it the oh move alright.

Cuz again we don't know what's coming. But this protects us right. From this movement now all. I'm gonna do depending on how my orientation my hips a little bit open.

So. I'm gonna take advantage of that all. I'm gonna do now is. I'm gonna rotate my hips now.

I'm here boom boom feel like imagine putting a stick on the end of your bumper and just driving past someone 109 100 miles an hour and hitting him with the stick right. So he's been with me for a while. I've trained him to take evil hits too. So.

So as the strike is coming on one now he's a little shorter. So that movement can go boom right. Across that nose right. That can.

I'm used for a. Second if it's. Zach right. As the strike is coming in boom right.

Right. Boom all. I did in this movement here stop the movie now this could be a hit too you see that if. I just step past this now what happens to that movement solar plexus is right.

There right. There's a there's a fall zone right. There right. But do you see how when.

I'm moving forward that keeps me going. So and what. I use there was a structural pressure point. So we're gonna we're going to talk about it in a minute does the strike is coming and.

I'm here my hips oriented this way my weights going forward all. I have to do now with this movement is turn my hip see that and even if. I hit. I missed it right.

That's okay. If. I turn my hips back this happens guys remember that point let's turn your hips it's like clay pigeons pull all right. So again comes in boom my hips are oriented elbow strike keep it don't take it off don't don't wing it just turn your hip and you can hit them in the.

PEC for now right. But that's my position boom and see how he buckles a little bit now if you're small secondary target hip joint okay. The hip joint will put him right. Down okay.

There's two kinds of joint work that you can do in the martial arts you have what we call a hypoactive or hypofunction joint work and hyperfunction joint work hypofunction means. I go against the flow of the joint the joint the elbow wants to bend this way. I go against it hyperfunction means the elbow likes to bend this way. I go with it okay.

Most people can automatically resist going against the way the joint wants to flow they can almost never resist going the doriot the way the direction the joint doesn't want to go if you're small and my wife is 110 pounds soaking wet. So if you're small you never fight uphill when. I'm down here that will bring his head to me right. You always bring the mountain to.

Mohammed right. That's why people always want the high ground in a war it's easy to shoot you right. When. I need somebody really tall.

Joe he's grabbing me right. Joe yeah he's choking me like this. I'm reaching up to him look. At.

I kid. I'm screwed right. This is fighting uphill never fight uphill always make him come down to you right. Or in this case you come this way right.

Or as he's grabbing here you tap him here this mountain comes to. Muhammad real quick what's correct half oh yeah same place. I showed on. Zak same place.

I show that this is the inguinal crease the hip joint okay. It's a joint we're gonna play it when we get to the structural break when we get to the structural breaking part. I'm going to show you some really weird mojo okay. But if he if he locks his his body look.

He. I told him to lock his body he couldn't stop that movement and he knows it's coming all right. Tim here. Krishna lock your body all right.

Strong like bull all right. That's just fingertips you see what he did with his head all right. The minute remember your use you go quick structurally speaking the head the shoulders the hips and the knees have to stay in alignment for you to be strong now they can be in alignment like this if you look. At me from the side my spine is straight right.

I'm not bending at the waist that's a big mistake that a lot of people make my spine is straight. So. I'm still in alignment the head and the shoulders need to be in alignment with the hips if. I break that alignment the only direction.

I ever need to move is down he really tried that's how structurally weak we are anytime the head and the neck are misaligned in any way all. I got to do is bend my knees and drop my butt and they'll fall in time we'll get to those in a minute. But. I wanted that's what's going on when.

I attack especially for them. I specialize in small people we have a height requirement in my class if you're over a certain height you can't get in yeah. Then we have this build. So when we come in depending on here's here's a principle.

I want you to get what we'll cover it more into your tool is your your target determines your tool your range determines your target understand that. So the distance. I have to. I have to cover to the target will determine what weapon.

I use right. So if he throws a punch and. I come in here boom now notice because of how he changed this he's leading with that hip. So that one's not really as good for me is it that's okay.

I have other things. I have other things. I can do and there's your bargaining position right. So if he steps with that foot forward.

So here now now if. I'm small let's say. I'm small. I can't reach oh look.

Now. I can and most people don't protect their hips they don't protect their hips. So what happens when they feel that energy going there they think they're coming off you're coming after the groin you know what they do they do it for you right. Right.

So just look. Right. So you help me right. I'm down here look.

Comes down right. So heads. I win tails you lose right. Okay.

Thank you give me round of applause right. Sucked. So as we're coming in if you're small now strikes coming in boom and you can reach it with your elbow go for that hip joint if you want to play with the hip joint. Anyway.

But you're not small just use your palm oh look. There's that same pressure point again right. Everything we do is about bringing those points to us. But remember this if a person can't stand they can't fight okay.

Even if they think they can't the minute his structure is compromised he doesn't have a platform to launch a not a counter-attack this is structural pressure point attacking. But again we're cover starting from the ohshit position and. Then going for the full course meal as he comes in. I'm here boom boom right.

There's my hit here and again we're gonna play with that in a minute. But. I want you to we're gonna play all kinds of cool. But.

I want you to get this secondary target and. I want you to understand that there's always a target there's always a target see how his leg is nice and locked out straight like that that's a break waiting to happen right. In the sea lot and a lot of the. Filipino.

Styles we're just gonna break this as we go in right. So play with that we'll come back. Thank. You.

Zac you big round of applause all right. You guys are having fun with this. I can see good alright. So we're gonna go we're gonna do a little bit of retro back to our screaming class on you.

Zac for this in our screaming class we talked about a brush check counter right. Remember that strike comes in we go brush check counter there's two basic ways you can do this you can yet you can check or you can grab. So it's basically goes one two three and back one two three and back if you haven't done this pantomime it with me take your right. Hand windshield-wiper across your body take the other hand pretend to grab something take your back fist or you're at your side of your hand and extend it out okay.

Back to here. So brush hold strike or strike whatever it can be anything and back brush hold strike and back same side brush hold strike and back brush hold strike and back left side brush hold strike and back brush hold strike and back in a while up at it brush hold strike come back okay. Now at the risk of muddying the waters a little bit. I want to make a small distinction in the world according to.

David between brush check and brush hold when the strike comes in and. I brush this hand if. I want to if. I want to check it.

I'm gonna take the back of my hand. I'm gonna loop it over top like this okay. This doesn't commit this protects me just like a grab would. But it doesn't commit me to a lock the.

Russians like to say anytime you lock somebody you lock yourself okay. Which is why. Russian systemic people are the hardest people on the planet to do any kind of a traditional jujitsu hold on it's just like there's like made out of glue you know water or something they just flow out of it it's annoying as. Frick that's why.

I love it right. So that's. So as the strikes coming in. I go boom that's a nice little hook.

And if. I need to use that hand. I'm not committed to a grab. I don't have to turn it.

I just don't see that. So that's a brush check you can also do it this way we're gonna attack pressure points on the arm that's a really useful way to do it. But. I like this for safety okay.

You see this in a lot of the zealot dances there a lot of these a lot of these fighting movements are hidden in their dances okay. So as the strike is coming in boom right. Almost looks like my my. Rhino.

Doesn't it hmm wonder what. I could do from here elbow elbow one elbow to right. Or. I could go elbow one elbow to two pieces right.

Rhino. Brush check or brush check. Rhino. Got it strikes coming in boom.

So now instead of waiting for it all right. Same movements we've been doing all right. Strike coming in slow boom right. I'm back into the same reference position there's my eye jab hair grab throat triple warm-up into the jaw they're all there whatever you want you can take okay.

But we're gonna work the brush check counterpart for right. Now. So as the strike is coming in boom other side boom he strikes low boom he strikes low what if he grabs me same thing what if he grabs me with two hands same thing it doesn't matter what if he grabbed what if he does a hook. Punch.

Oh same thing what if he does a straight punch same thing what if he comes for my waist same thing brush check counter brush check counter okay. The. Next variation and we're gonna. I'm just gonna show to you.

But we're gonna practice the brush check part is brush hold brush hold is something we would do more if we're going to do the old school pressure point approach or we're gonna activate points on the arm and. Then attack points on the face. So the brush hold is almost exactly the same except as the strike is coming in now. I'm gonna hold this.

I'm gonna grab it and normally what. I like to do is we like to even here drive a motorcycle if you have you know the throttle on the motorcycle imagine his wrist is like the skin on his wrist is like the throttle you want to turn that skin. So it's locked against the bone you want to turn that skin. So it's locked against the bone that sets up two pressure points right.

Away. So that when. I come in here now. I have an 8 times better chance of knocking him out with that strike than if.

I didn't have it or if. I just did this okay. Both are good for speed for practicality. I like the brush check because.

I want to get to these points because these are the ones that are gonna put him out whether. I hit him really hard or not as hard does that make sense these are the light switches on and off switches to the brain those are the ones. I want to get to if. I can't reach him if he's too tall now.

I got to bring it to me you see that. So secondary targets primary. But the delivery is the same no. Matter what's coming at me from the front it's either gonna be a rhino.

To a brush check or a brush check to a rhino. Okay. So nice and slow strikes coming in one. I'm sorry brush check and strike.

So. I want you to put the put your hand now on into that jaw. I don't want you to blast him yet what. I want you do is take that little knuckle to activate this point you must move towards the tip of the nose.

So if you go to acupuncture school they're teaching you to trip to needle this is called triple warmer 17 on the acupuncture charts on the nerve charts it's the seventh cranial nerve when you hit it you got to go in and deep now for safety's sake we're not going to hit it we are going to push it though. So as. I put my knuckle in there. I'm gonna push and turn the head and.

I should get that response okay. This will keep up this will give us a very similar body mechanic as if we'd actually hit him while preserving his face and his nerves okay. Because you can only take a couple of these hits before it starts to do actual even on a light level it starts to build up trauma in the neurology. So we want to place the hand and push this will give us an accurate assessment of what kind of body language were most likely to encounter when we're at we act aggressively percuss that point.

So as the strike is coming in i'm gonna go one two three push that's all. I'm gonna do for now that okay. I want you to get used to your. Rhino.

Movement. I want you get used to your brush movement and. I want you to learn five finishing points because from this from after you've got your five finishing points no. Matter what else we do we want to end our method or our assault on one of those five points no.

Matter what gets in our way we're gonna go over a round or through it to get to one of those five points does that make sense okay. Let's go play. Zack why don't you come around and help now. I want you to think when you got when you when you go for that hand is to it either get away from me or it's mine you can't have it okay.

Decide which one you're gonna do personally if. I if. I know. I'm gonna do a pressure point where it's gonna be a mine you can't it's mine you can't have it move.

I'm gonna see how close. I have him to me now when. I come in that nerve is stretched and. I get a really good signal conduction here if.

I'm just gonna go in and just put him in the meat grinder kind of a thing. So as this strike is coming here and. I'm moving them right. Now that's like all the meat grinder right.

Yes. I'm just gonna just going to need albo and threw him right. All right. We havin fun with this getting fun yes.

Now how many people here well. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how many say how many how many power trips.

I want to show you on him you thought she was your friend okay. So let's think about this okay. I've been all the little variations in nuances aside what. I've really been drilling you on this entire time has been this and this and it's just how you combine them and once you know your target it's very easy to find them isn't it that's reality in self-defense you're not gonna have time to think about your target you're gonna have to see it you're gonna have to hit it see it hit it see it hit it if you can't reach it bring it to you does that make sense out on the street that's all there's time for and remember it's not gonna be pretty it's gonna be ugly okay.

Doesn't mean you can't have fun learning it and getting and and aspire to technical precision. But street fights are never pretty they're never perfect you know there's a saying in the in the martial arts world that the your worst day in training is your best day in a fight right. So think of it you've gone to the gym and just had the worst workout ever everything that could have gone wrong did right. And you.

But you still made it through right. That's kind of what being in a fight is like it's not what you do in the dojo that matters it's what you do when the stuff you learn in the dojo doesn't work it's learning how to adapt and persevere and that's a mental toughness issue it's not a physical toughness issue. I know some women my wife is one of them she's. I've seen her in labor not me brother she is way tougher than me.

I concede alright. She's 110 pounds soaking wet alright. It's not about how physical no. No.

I'm not gonna say that the size doesn't matter anybody tells you size doesn't matter it's lying to you okay. And not just in that arena either okay. And this is something that a lot very few martial artists will cop to. But.

I'll sum well and and. I those who do i. I applauded remember something a trained big man will beat a train small person a train big person will beat us a train small person. So you got to bring something they're not expecting you got to bring a level of intensity or a level ferocity or something that they're not their training doesn't encompass to give yourself the advantage does that make sense and in most cases what that means a lot of times is not developing a complete comprehensive spectrum of every possible technique more often than not it's really very very deeply into a core set of skills that have the maximum amount of versatility with the least amount of bandwidth it takes up okay.

The 80/20 principle right. I call it. Pareto's principle of pressure point fighting okay. At the end of the day if your part if your attacker can't reach you they can't hurt you if they can't stand they can't fight they can't hurt you if they can't see you they're probably not going to be able to hurt you right.

Unless they got ahold of you in which case. But even poking in the eyes. Will take something out and that's the front of the. First targets.

I want you to start to concentrate on from this breast check counter movement is those eyes. I want you to there's a lot of different ways to attack the eyes. Just take your prints or your thumb and just swipe it like you swipe your iPhone you don't know how to swipe right. Swipe right.

So. I'm here. I swipe the eyes. Notice his head turn this brings us into structural pressure point attack we take the ice either from from a swipe or a thrust okay.

For safety reasons because most of you are not wearing goggles and things like that we're not going to practice the eye jab. But. I want to teach it to you because if you watch a lot of my technique. So most the times it happened.

So fast you don't see it the strike is coming in you see the eye jab right. It's lit because he as he sees he sees cocking back that hand movement cocking back remember. I told you when a person's pattern is interrupted they go blind for a. Second because their awareness goes inside whenever people chamber a strike the same process happens they literally as the hand is retracting their awareness is going inside their mind they're making a movie in their head of what they're about to do to you which means they can't see what's going on outside.

So if you train yourself if you think of your hair like there was a chain connected to your hand and the other side was to his arm and as his arm cocked back it pulled my hand out they never see it coming they never see it coming now that takes a little bit more training. But we'll show you guys how to part of the speed hitting stuff. I'm going to teach in. February.

But you can't see you they can't fight you. So as the strike is coming in swipe the eyes. And turn the head even if you don't get the eyes. Turn the head okay.

Remember. I told you that the way the structure the human body is such that the head the shoulders the hips and the knees have to stay in alignment any time the structure of the human come on you guys don't be bashful hey. Chi anytime the structure of the human body is distorted the only direction you ever need to move is down. So as.

I come in with my. Rhino. All. I got to do here is drop my butt okay.

All right. Camille my brush trap he's on the ground now. I have a choice finish we'll go home okay. So.

First one is gonna be this this comes in turn the head now you can base since you have his arm all. I want you to do is. I want you to we're going to do this in a little bit difficult. But.

I'm going to show you the technique that. I'm going to give you some drills to understand the principle this has to be a little bit of tension in that neck can't be just at the edge of the range of motion has to be. So as. I come in here right.

Now if all. I do is. I bases hip. I base here and base here and.

I compress now all. I have to do is drop okay. Just to. Skinner rocks okay.

So. I'm here here. I know no. One expects the.

Spanish. Inquisition right. But this is the remember all. I'm doing is and.

I'm not. I just move him here see here he's see he gave me a shoulder shoulder moved that's all. I need to he really tried on that one too right. Right.

So as. I come in and. I distort the structure here look. You can feel in lockup that actually makes it worse it actually makes it worse okay.

So we're gonna we're going to play with what we call structural distortion on the spine in just a minute. But the most basic one for right. Now is to get that head turned some way as. I come in.

I move here. I can also depending on the heights. I can reach up and around to that opposite quadrant grab that hair right. There and pull it like a pull thing on a lawnmower all right.

And. Then. I can do all kinds of nasty stuff okay. There are pressure points on the scalp that will release the neck okay.

But notice he's really tall if if. Rose was trying to do this on. Brenda it wouldn't. Brett it would never work.

So she'd have to be sneaky she'd have to come in bring him low and take the hair you see how you have to couple these up now you have to factor in the height okay. So. I don't mean to abuse you too much give red a big round of applause come on. So we're gonna come in we're gonna turn the head now keep this key border in the.

Rhino. Position or keep this either check in the check position or the grab position. I don't care turn that head and. Then all.

I want you to do keep your spine straight by the way don't bend if you bend you actually get weak and he'll get strong that's right. Drop your butt. Then drop your shoulders one two if you try to do it the other way it won't work if. I go even here it's not working the body is designed in such a way that for supply from the top down makes it stronger floor supply from the top down makes it stronger for supply from the bottom up causes the body to crumple.

I'll come around. I'll get it. I won't do this too hard [Laughter]. I'm doing this.

So. I don't rip his shirt. But if. I rip it it's alright.

I'll buy another one okay. Good have sexual harassment that's not the waiver it's not the way that's right. It is right. I'm not doing this look.

I'm point don't go. But if you don't gotta go don't go right. Judo judo guys jiu-jitsu guys they're gonna do this they're gonna do this you don't need to do that if you understand the mechanics this is the lost art of. Kazushi somewhere along the way in in judo jujitsu the idea of.

Kazu she went from breaking posture to breaking balance big difference between posture and balance they're referring to structural misalignment. I'm gonna do it wrong okay. I get a little bit. But you see the difference okay.

The body has to move in the right. Way this was all hidden in the old cottage the old forms. I'll use a key again big motor little motor. But drops.

First hands full think of a t-rex arms you just walk up to somebody all right. Can. I use you for a. Second guys.

So. I'm gonna try not to rip your shirt and now. I'm gonna. I'm gonna show you some of the little funny are you strong yeah okay.

I don't know if. I want to do this it's on camera all right. So. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna try and pull you down okay. Not. So much see. I have felt that ripping right.

So if. I go one two look. I was. I'm just a little bit.

I have to get my. Center blow hers for it to work she's really low right. But if. I if.

I just do this. So the idea is because most of us aren't that big of a height differential there's someone like with. Joseph. I don't have to drop very far my.

Center is already below. So. I can go right. Small persons art.

I thought. I was kidding right. The minute you've broken their structure all these pressure points become hypersensitive. So boom he's right.

In your cutting board all right. But. I don't yank. I go one two one two notice the sequence one two one two right.

There's a and a few actually if you actually watch closely it's one and two one and two it's the end that's important there how many people how many people do a traditional martial art of any kind or have you guys know that thing they call horse dance right. Right. Uh who's got a good horse dance anybody. I got a good interests come here everybody think you're gonna be a blowdown good horse dance okay.

He's the strong guy he's young. I met him when he was sixteen isn't about you 26 now. I'm. So old why am i showing you this because these are the things that we as small people.

Lia's older people we need to be spend more time on their finesse. II. But there come they're reliable and if you build these in your techniques you'll hit harder you'll draw people faster and you'll have them in the bargaining position bargaining position for me is right. There face down ready for my point me to hit them on points.

So if. I let push damn it all right. Strong anybody here want it you want try move him pretty hard huh okay. If.

I stand just like. I'm standing. I go one and two damnit now did you see how he moved he went up and over that's physics every time you walk your body weight goes into the earth say 160 pounds of. David goes into the earth 160 pounds of mother earth comes back if.

I wait for the wave to come back that wave will come up and conduct through me and break his route okay. It's the same energy that we're doing here we're just sending it to the earth alright. I've seen walu we call that a wing arm it's old-school clothesline right. So as we come in turn the head big motor little motor now.

I'm being nice by throwing him strike comes in turn big motor right. Sam idea. So anytime you see me throw somebody on being nice some in turn the head big motor a little motor okay. I'm going to show you some simpler stuff in a minute.

But. I want you to kind of play with that if you want it and actually start with this one start with this here and again try not to rip each other's shirts to shreds ladies might want to work together just to avoid modesty issues and all. I want you to do is notice. I'm not.

I don't have a death grip here there's a sequence to my movement one two this is hidden in. Tai. Chi this is hidden in. Wing.

Chun. I learned it from a man named. John. Cody who was a one of the.

Last remaining practitioners of. Yanagi roux. Aiki jujitsu he created his owner called yanagihara. So.

I want to give. John full credit for that crazy wild man out in the wilderness of. Temecula you just take students. But yeah.

Anyway play with this come around working with as many different people as you can. I want you to prove this to yourself okay. Because if. I can do it here.

I can do it here you see that there's whiplash waiting to happen if. I'm on a pressure point that releases the neck big motor that's probably not something he's gonna come back from get it go play the principal. I want you to get out of all of this is any time the body is missile this the head and the shoulders are misaligned anytime the body is out of structure the only direction you need to move to put somebody on the floor is down straight down not out down and out at an angle not backhand down straight down okay. Their body will fold in on itself how many of you notice when you do this slot you either projected.

First they dropped and. Then they rolled right. Or they just folded straight down the body will ever see anybody faint their body does exactly the same thing the body's engineered to do that it's the tension we feel when somebody's taking us to the ground that causes us to short-circuit that natural in the engineered protection and. So we luck we test we tense up we straighten out and when we hit the ground we break we need to get back our pliability we have exercises for that.

But if you think of the spine like a stack of dishes on top of each other okay. And they're all perfectly aligned any time. I can miss align the dishes the body becomes structurally weak even if he doesn't feel it that's the difference between balance and structure or balance and stability you have a lot more balance to. Tetra scepters in your neurology.

Then you have structural receptors that's why it's easy to maintain your balance. I can be very balanced here. But. I'm not very strong.

I'm not very stable it's very easy to knock me over right. Consequent. I can be on two feet and be extremely unstable or out of balance. So how many people you have a spine just.

So. I know okay. If you ever looked at a spine you notice that right. Here there's a little curve this is called the cervical arch right.

Here is another curve it goes the other way it's called the thoracic arch right. Here is another curve that goes the same way as the cervical. Court it's called the lumbar arch what we want to do in this process is we want to misalign those dishes just a little bit one that. I tend to.

I like the most and. I use most often. I find it most useful of the three is the lumbar arch it's very simple all you have to do is take base idiot on the shoulder on the head compress this way that's it all you do is compress drop okay. So.

Kevin can use. So if. I if. I go here.

I just compress and. I don't like. So fast they go down right. Can use it again it's not a big thing yeah that's right.

We do this one all right. So when we compress right. No. The mistake.

I made the. First one was when he when he did this. I went up top when you come here same rules apply big moded a little motor see the difference could you feel a difference when. I got up when.

I got in here even though he's structurally out of place he's strong he can backpedal out of it. But. I come here he really tried on that one too and that's okay. Test it it's a test not a contest which one was harder to resist.

First one for sure for sure was easier to business sorry come back to the right. So we can do this we can take the eyes. We compress here we have another one on the foot on the cervical arch which. I like to.

But a lot of you guys are really tall. So. I get. I'm starting from the ground up this time okay.

So we we compress the spine now your postures got to be good too now watch my movement and no. You're just squirts out from under you don't it right. Now sometimes you get stuck you get to here and he'll lock for some reason here's the secret bend your knees again sorry about that that's good okay. Yeah.

So needs a key him exact more. Zack is in case you haven't figured out. Zack is hyper flexible his joint that's why. I use him he's really hard to break.

I've tried really hard alright. So when you when you base the spine and again you can do this from if sorry. I wonder you only you see the spine. But at the same time punch comes in.

I can come to the outside here and look. Here's my movement see once their butt squirts out the mistake people make is they try to throw you see how we stepped the secret anytime he's in this position watch my spine straight you got a drop straight the more you kink the spine the stronger he gets there's some weird neurological feedback going on here that. I. I can only ascertain his proprioception.

I might compress this notice my posture if. I try to sweep him he steps out of it all right. But. I go here it's just a little bit he doesn't really feel like he's in danger and that's what.

I want. I don't want him to know he's in danger until it's too late all right. So punch comes in turn the head face the spine drop again now doesn't have to be a punch what's he come maybe he's coming at me to push there it is now from here all. I want you to do strikes coming in because.

I don't want you to do. I know a lot of you guys don't want to hit the ground. But. I wanted you to feel that he's got a story to tell you about the time.

I just doing blood knockouts it's one thank you. I want you to play with the spine part get that down that for you ladies especially that's gonna be a bread and butter move everything we're gonna do on the spine because this is easy this is even easier that's called the hangman's reflex it's a neurological response it's the same concept. I have to move the dishes. Sarris got you now again.

I'm using this to show structure breaking this doesn't have to be gentle it could just as easily be this [Music] understand yeah this is a neurological response. So. I'm gonna let you play with it well. I want you do the lumbar one.

First and. I'm gonna come back and. I'll show you a few techniques right. The idea behind this is to put him down now what you do with that person once they're down that's up to you.

I like to hit the lights flip the light switch off and go home myself because. I don't know if he's got buddies. God knows there's gonna be someone around there waving a phone cam right. It's gonna wind up on.

YouTube somewhere right. Our. Facebook. Page right.

So before we add the brush trap or the. Rhino. I can do all of these all these movements. I'm showing you this this the eye jab this we can do it from the.

Rhino. We can do it from the brush check we can do it from the brush grab every single one of them you can get to this police points and put that person down is that useful okay. So the way you do this you want to base on the lumbar not the ass okay. That's a different test okay.

Base it here and it distort the dishes now. I can do it this way. I can do it this way okay. If.

I took. A plumb line and. I drew it from the center of his show his back to the floor you see that line there's the line now here's the thing when you do the drop properly his body will actually drop the same way if. I got this movement and.

I moved from the shoulders. First his shoulders will move. First. But if.

I drop from my center of gravity. First his center of gravity will drop and that's what he can't fight when his own senator drops he can't fight that okay. We want to get below it. So.

I'm gonna distort this now. I can do it by distorting the shoulders and the hips. I can do it by misaligning the spine itself the technique we're working on is on a. Miss aligning the spine itself it's a little more subtle harder to detect and.

Then big motor a little motor that's it compress the spine drop big motor little motor them going play with that and. I'll come around. I'll watch you guys do that. Then.

I'll show you how to weaponize it okay. Okay. Break. So go up alright.

A couple of things a couple of things just like well you know when you see a lot of the people on the on. YouTube touching people on pressure points on nerves and making them pass out that's a demonstration to show how light you can do it that's not reality training in reality we're going to blast those points for real when. I show when. I bring people up and.

I show you how easily and how consistently you can take somebody down using the principles of spinal misalignment and things like that that is also demonstration mode as. Krishna found out right. Because he said can. I can can you can.

I resist it and. I went boom right. So let me use that. So remember when.

I'm demonstrating this that's gentle in real it's it's this right. And this is bargaining position because there's my point there's my point right. There's my point there's my point there's my point sorry about that one all right. The idea behind this movement is you compress and you look.

Up doesn't matter what they came at me with it's a fast down it could strike it can be just as fast as me just doing this right. All right. Now. I can be inside all right.

I can be outside here. I want to add insult to injury okay. But again. I'm just showing you variations of a few basic things brush check turn the head brush check turn the head compress the spine this is lumbar okay.

From here. I can pop him that's just me going back to the. Rhino. You see just keep doing the movement all right.

Brush check here okay. Next we're gonna work is the cervical cervical spine okay. Oh let's line up for a. Second not in front of the camera it is 403 some of you may have to go and if.

So please go if you had a good time please could post good things to the meet up if you didn't post to somebody else's meet up you'll get that tomorrow. I guess. But if you want to stay and work a little bit more. I'll show you that the cervical spine which is one of my favorites.

So as the strike is the way the cervical spine works once again we want to we want to screw that curve now this is a neurological response this is my favorite one even though. I use this one a lot. I like this thought cuz it's a really fast down it's really fast. So.

I can turn the head and base it here or. I can take don't be all. Wiggly on. Asia come be mine.

I'm gonna pull this way at the base of the c7 that's that little big vertebrae at the base of your neck and. I'm gonna compress this way see see what happened to his tips that's a neurological response are his hips in his shoulders misaligned all right. You don't have. I'm doing it a little bit hard because sometimes you you guys come out a little too timidly because you see me the finesse they do it with and.

So you don't give enough juice. But. I'm afraid if. I if.

I show you the full speed application you're gonna hurt you're gonna kill each other and. I'm gonna get my ass sued. So if you're on the floor doing this technique everybody agrees not to sue everybody or anybody for that matter. So you can work this from the.

Rhinos the strike is coming in. I'm here bill and. I can put my fingers right. In his eye.

I can turn his head. I can drop you can do it all right. I can do it from the brush trap all right. That's usually.

I don't even need anything else quite frankly. I've got that head delt. I've. I dropped from the bottom up.

But never this drop is me being nice in real. I'm gonna. I'm gonna hurt him okay. But you felt the power of this right.

You don't got to be big you just got to be mechanically correct if you have size and a half strength this is even nastier this is why. I don't usually teach people like you when my wife is terrified of letting me teach you she she saw him she came to visit me at my class she saw him he goes why is he here he moves to natural get rid of him he's dangerous when my wife says somebody's dangerous run because everybody my wife is a 110-pound. Chinese woman she does. Active.

Release. Technique she works a lot of. MMA people who consistently try to tap when she works on them unfortunately that doesn't work in her treatment room right. So those do you have any kind of health problems soft tissue work some of the people here will vouch for the efficacy of what she does.

I've been in fights that didn't hurt as bad as her health care treatments. No. Okay. So it work works really well now this is the hardest way to do this.

I showed these ladies here a little quick hack which. I'll teach you in a minute. But. I want you to work with this one.

First and the way you know you've got it if you've watched the hip see the hip kick out okay. It's not a big movement alright. Krishna. Keynesian it'll wash my hands it's really quick see how fast.

Stefan usually. I go around and do this to everybody. But it's how. I get my practice in.

I'll go slow this this and that's how you okay. That's how you test this you can go the secret to a lot of these movements if they're the principles are correct you can go as slow as you want as long as you don't stop you can go that's how you test it. So. I could let it go huh see how slow that was really hard was it.

So now this this can be done from any if like if. I'm going to slow dance he's getting a little too fresh. I can take us all right. All right.

So again base the forehead base at the c7 compress when the nura lot when you activated the nerve the hip kicks you see that this is called the hangman's reflex okay. This is a valid boom and. Then just drop now you see how he's laid out nice and flaky little table for me to dig motor a little motor room big leg drop well that that's the nasty part is. I'm here right.

Look. What my legs are all right. Bargaining position right. And again like.

I said. I'm not. I'm not here to turn you into. Bruce.

Lee or the. Next. UFC champion. I'm teaching you some things that do not require physical strength.

But they do require skill. But they're solid they work and they don't expect them and if they cut if they don't expect it they don't not encounter it okay. But you got it again if if you come home from the today's training you learned all these cool things and you never do them again there were nothing. But a parlor trick okay.

But if you practice them and it can be as simple as doing this in the bin in the mirror ten twelve reps a day knowing what you're doing right. Doesn't have to be extensive. But it has to be consistent. So get your partner we'll take another 20 minutes just to play with this do this through the spinal compression that's on the cervical and.

Then we'll let you guys kind of freestyle a little bit and just put these things together without murdering each other go play you want to feel it or not not really you can go pressure points if you want. But really what's important is you find the base of the cervical spine and the forehead and you compress them just like that and and when you do it right. You'll sue that see how that the butt just shoots forward once you got that it's over. But if you if you try to push them or pull them or you try to push them down they'll get stronger it'll be harder to do.

But if you drop from the bottom up like. I've been showing you. I'll go right. To the floor [Music] okay.

When you got it in that. Bridget's position remember some when you got them in that whether you've come in with the right. Now with the. Rhino.

Or the brush check either to the outsider to the inside you've got them in that bridged position that's bargaining position you have a choice at that point you can let them fall or you can break them right. But that's what. I like. I'd like what you think.

I want you to get in these positions and. Then make a decision as to how you want to proceed right. Good that's better all right. Questions about anything.

Kevin what you learn today brother yes. If you learn nothing. But that remember not out to the side that's airing out your armpit it's healing all right. My and one of the things.

I and again at people very on on this point. I when. I do this. I like to bring my elbows as close together as.

I can you really a buttress the structure some people the shoulders aren't that flexible. So they can't do that whatever you're gonna do is gonna be good enough. But base the head up here. So you can be at the side you can be up here.

I'm not always a fan of this one because it tends to block my vision here and. I don't like that. I like it more off to the side. But again those are just variations on a theme.

So in review we talked about oh we're just standing there alright. We talked about the. Rhino. Which is again moving in from here we've talked about elbowing through the soft portion if they're over top we can come over top here we talked about if they're there arm is naturally going to be either right.

Alongside here we can drop this through that's eventually let me use. Zach are you solder stood. So we've talked about oh right. We talked about rhino.

Here we talked about rhino. And rotate boom right. We talked about from here coming in locking this right. We didn't actually we didn't play with this one.

I showed it a couple of times and there's two variations on this okay. You have the arm lock which puts him in front of you you have the arm wrap which makes him want to fall okay. You're not really gonna get to choose many times which one you wind up with because usually the velocity this is gonna it's going to determine it right. But on one side is all right.

Russian folk dancing which is where. Systema comes from by the way all right. So. So we have here we have this.

I 1. I 2 right. Head turn lumbar we talked about the internal engine yes. You could do it from there - all right.

So as. I come in boom he tried on that one big motor little motor right. Talked about brush. Check.

Into cervical straight punch brush check lumbar. So these are all things you can do and they're all designed to get us here. So we can put them here that make sense or we just won. Last time we just put in here all right.

It's not about the in booth thank you sir give a big round of applause it's it's not about being. Bruce. Lee or you know or. Ian.

Gracie or always. Gracie or whoever. UFC fighters you love okay. It's about a few simple things that do not necessarily rely on being big and strong.

But do rely on having a little bit more understanding of how the body works the ability to control your own state in other words to have this ingrained enough in you that you can just go to it when the fecal matter hits the rotating oscillator okay. I guess that if this is the scope of everything there is we covered this. But there were some pretty radioactive pieces right. And that's what.

I like because you can take these things they're modular they will work within any martial arts system you practice. I don't care if you're a judo person a. Nike person and a scream a person. Akron.

Systema. Okinawan karate. Japanese karate kung-fu toy it does not matter these are the. Grand.

Master army free sauce would call this style within the style these are secrets that you can incorporate into every technique you do and make them more powerful or just use them as stand-alones and create your own personal method. But none of it matters if you don't practice and you don't have bodies to work with to get the feedback does that make sense. So thank you all for staying if you had a good time post good things to the meet-up if you didn't post to somebody hates. Meetup and.

I hope we'll see you soon for those of you who are interested in going for classes or things. I got talked to me after the event god bless have a great great day [Applause].
