Title: FREE INSTANT PAIN RELIEF TRAINING: Instant Pain Relief - Back Ache, Shoulder Pain Migraines and More
File Name: QITh3b3gflg.txt
Video Id: QITh3b3gflg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QITh3b3gflg

Today's. First lecture or actually not really a lecture it's more of a workshop we're going to learn some really cool stuff uh designed specifically for those times where stopping isn't an option where you know every doctor will tell you the moment you feel pain the moment you feel a twinge or something's not working stop. But sometimes we don't have that option sometimes we have to keep going and when when that happens what do we do. So my name is.

David. Snider those of you already know me. But let me just for the record and for those who someday may be watching this video video. I a licensed acupuncturist in the state of.

California. I have a diplomate of. Oriental medicine uh. I'm also a certified trainer and master practitioner of neural linguistic programming.

I'm certified by the founder of. NLP. Dr. Richard bandler um my specialty here in the clinic is physiological illness that has as its root repressed emotion we specialize in chronic pain uh and acute pain actually we can probably nuke pretty much any pain that comes along in a couple of minutes now that being said nuking pain does not mean we fixed the problem okay.

In in the kind of work that. I do. I'm also a licensed hyp a certified hypnotist and trainer. So.

I know a lot about how the mind and body interact the thing we need to talk about though is uh especially in the realm of pain control is that pain is there for a reason now sometimes that reason stopped being there. But we still have it and we'll talk about that. But many times pain is a signal that something in the body needs to be addressed. So before we start going in nuking pain for no.

Reason and this is this is again for people who are are doing more are suffing from more of an acute stuff like your knee your knee issue and things like that we just don't want to necessarily go and nuke that pain until we know that there's nothing more that can be done medically or structurally and that we're not covering something up that's one of the biggest challenges that we have in pain control is making sure that just because we can nuke the pain that we should right. So once we have that and that's why. I when it comes to pain work. I work almost exclusively off medical referrals because that means.

I know by the time they've hit my chair they've been checked out by at least one or two competent practitioners and either the the treatments they've been getting have plateaued and they're not getting any better or they just can't find anything wrong and and when that's the case we can go in and we can tweak the system to uh to get rid of that all right. So one of the things. I like to do even though. I always come in with an agenda.

I always come in with a set of things. I want to teach. I always try to tailor what. I do to more accurately fit the needs and the desires of the people who come to my trainings that being said what do you you want to learn today when do you want to take home what how do you want to.

I think the title of the course was something like how to stop pain instant emergency pain relief emergency pain relief that's what. I want to know how do you stop pain okay. We'll do that how about you um. I don't know what.

I really want to learn today. I was just very interested in in the course all right. Have an agenda all right. So here's the thing um when we talk about pain management or pain relief there's a couple different ways we can think about this we can think about in the moment we can think about um pre engagement in other words there are thing there there are mechanisms that we can put in place before we go out and do things that if all it's almost like we've said it and.

Then if we need it we push the button and things happen right. In. NLP terms we call this anchoring anchoring is kind of like a stimulus response mechanism you all know the story of. Pavlov's dog they he would hold the meat powder and shake the.

Bell and the dogs would salivate well human beings are anchoring machines our nervous system is designed to learn things through. Association through linking things together that's one of the. First ways that we begin to learn another way that we can do it is through breathing now the guy. I was going to beat up is out running with.

Dr. Dawn. So. I may have to pull some of one one of you guys up and beat you up.

But what we're going to talk about today are three basic processes. I want to start with breathing and the reason. I want to start with breathing is because the interface between your physical body and your mind is your breath. I spend a lot of time doing uh a lot of performance enhancement work a lot of martial arts training and specifically.

I focus on techniques that are taught to. Special. Forces people people who have to function in high stress situations and one of the things we know more than anything else is the biggest indicator or exacerbator of pain in the body is stress okay. The fastest way to alleviate stress is to control the breath okay.

So. I'm going to teach you two forms of. Brea two breathing patterns today one is called. Square breathing the other's called burst breathing or recovery breathing now don't let the let this fool you the square breathing pattern is something we're going to actually when we talk about the mental performance or the mental training enhancement segments today we're going to talk a lot about.

Square breathing because. Square breathing has the ability to raise your level of neurological arousal or decrease it when we talk about. Optimum performance there is a range of low arousal the uh. Optimum arousal and over arousal we call it the yeres.

Dotson law okay. If you go too far beyond in terms of stress your your physical performance starts to degrade you don't have enough arousal in the system you don't perform at your best you're lethargic you're just not there when we do. Square breathing if you're too stressed out it'll bring your nervous system down if you're not excited enough it will tend to bring your system up okay. You just got to remember to do it all right.

So the. First thing we want to talk uh we're going to talk about is is the breathing aspect of it and one of the things and again. I don't do you have does anybody have a pain real quick that they want to get rid of my. KNE and well it's coming in and out of pain yeah you want to get rid of that of course.

I want to who wants to be in pain you want to play come on up here the cool thing about this is you don't have to even believe it you just have to follow the instructions all right. So. I want you to point to where you feel the pain right. There good now look.

At it good now. I want you to look. At it close your eyes. And look.

At it with your inner eyes. Okay. On a scale of 0 to 10 rate the pain on five on a five okay. On a scale of zero to five now what.

I want to do as you look. At that color. I want you as you look. At that sensation.

I want you to notice that there's a color associated with that feeling what's the color. First impression or cool now. I want you to use your imagination. I want you to imagine you can reach into that into your knee pull out all of that orange energy take it out and hold it in your hands reach down grab it grab it all take it out hold it in your hands make sure you got all of it because sometimes it hides good take it out hold it in your hands look.

At it in your inner eyes. Now as you look. At it. I want you to notice it's moving in a certain direction what direction is it moving.

First impression um counterclockwise counterclockwise. So take it in your hands physically and. I want you to turn it. So it's moving the opposite of what it was.

So if that's right. Now double the spin double it again keep doubling it double it over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it slam it back in. I into your knee notice the change notice it's gone kind of got dizzy too a rush and flies away how's your knee feel feels good yeah 0 to 10 um yeah like one like notice this now spin it faster how you feel like really it's kind of tingly you know a big round of applause that was good all right. That's instant okay.

The way that works and that again that was just to to give you an idea of where you can go with this really really quick there's a lot going on in that one little technique it's all how your nervous system processes information right. And we're going to learn how to you're going to actually learn how to do that we're going to teach you how to do that like if. I'm in a race or something like that and. M.

M and and that's that's well again how long does that take to do exactly think about how long that used to hurt you yeah and it's gone and you're going to find out something really weird it's going to be very hard for it to come back okay. Because it's based on the way your nervous system processes information okay. The thing we need to understand. I'm also.

I'm a licensed to acupuncture. So you hear me talk about energy a lot. But you don't even need to believe in energy for this method to work because what we want to think about in terms of pain in terms of the things that we're doing is your your body your brain your nervous system is the largest information processing system most pretty much the most advanced and complex one that exists okay. Pain is just an interpretation it's it's ones and zeros being interpreted in a certain way once we understand the language that that system operates in we can can make it mean what we can make those signals mean whatever we want right.

If you've ever seen uh anybody here ever play with like audio devices on your computer and you can like talk in one thing and make yourself sound like a chipmunk or weird things like that what's happening it's the same voice right. It's the same information. But it's being processed a little bit differently okay. That's all we do with the nervous system once we understand how your body creates a less than positive sensation we automatic.

Al know how to make it do the opposite okay. Because it's your body's own system you don't resist it okay. Now the corollary to that is we need to have presence of mind and the ability to focus and become absorbed in the process okay. And that's where the breathing comes in because one of the.

First things that happens when we get hit out of the blue with an emergency situation is we're like ah what do. I do what do. I do that's where the breathing comes in because once we can do the breathing we can get our mental state back and we can take charge of the rest of the system does that make sense. So one of the things we're going to focus on.

First is square breath okay. And we're going to and actually. I think we're going to talk with burst breathing. First because that's actually what we call emergency breathing.

So. Mike can. I use you real quick normally. I would beat up.

Billy. But need not feeling too well um little congested you do you. Dr. John too congested for that's all right.

Now what we want to do is. I'm. I'm also a martial artist. So.

I spend a lot of time putting the hurting on people. I'm not going to hurt. Dr. John.

But. I'm going to teach. I'm going to teach you something that's that's taught to the. Russian.

Special. Forces it's called recovery or burst breathing okay. So if. I were to take.

Dr. John. I know he needs his finger. So.

I'm going to be gentle. But. I want just as a to to show you guys how to do this and. I want you guys to actually practice this because it's extraordinarily useful this is a mindbody breath technique it's called burst breathing and the way it works is whenever there's tension or pain or stress in the body we go into panic mode our our reptile brain takes over and we flip out the only way we can get that our our our mindset back is to control our breath if our breathing is smooth and continuous our mindset will be smooth and continuous.

So what. I'm going to do is. I'm going to put a a. Jiu-Jitsu finger lock on.

Dr. John okay. It sucks all right. He's pretty flexible.

So we would actually take this we would actually take the uh. But what. I want to show you now is not that. I can crank.

Dr. John okay. What. I want to show you is how he can actually take the stress and the pain out using his breath.

So here's how it works. I'm going to put just a little bit of pain on him yeah not good yeah now see now. I know he's in. I know he's in pain because when.

I do this see how his body tilts that means. I have a connection all the way through fascial line all the way to the to a center of gravity how do. I know that if. I move he moves without me having to do anything here.

I move my center of gravity his center of gravity shifts. So. I know. I have a very strong connection.

I can do all kinds of nasty weird things to him. But that's not the object here there a little bit of. Str tension in there. So here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to imagine that there's a little straw that you can put right. In the point where you would feel the pain and with every time you breathe in through your nose. I want you to imagine that the straw can just suck a little bit of that tension out out and you can spit it out through your mouth it'd be almost like just short little sips notice what happens.

I'm actually cranking harder pretty weird huh right. This is how you can how you you don't feel any pain at all now. I felt more of a stretch no. Pain yeah okay.

Yeah this is the point is tension leads to pain any any muscular tension creates pain okay. In. Chinese medicine thank you. John give me a big round of applause in.

Chinese medicine we say anytime energy stops you have pain well the. First thing that happens is you have stress and tension in the area and. Then you get the pain as the stagnation becomes more and more severe that's where the pain begins does that make sense okay. So you can do this and best way to to practice this is actually go get time massage because they're the most brutal people on the planet in terms of or ralphing.

But what you do is exactly the same process that you showed me do. I you saw me do with. Dr. John you put your mind in the spot with your in breath you suck a little bit of it out with your exhale you spit it out.

So. But you have to link the intention the in and the out okay. And using this uh you can pretty much go through anything my wife went through 10 and a half hours of. Labor doing this okay.

Um and. Then she had some stuff and they had to give her a they had to do medical stuff. Anyway come on in it's all right. Come on in you here for the pain and mental training stuff come on in okay.

So the whole idea is when we do our burst breathing it's it's called recovery breathing for a reason if you're running and you and you tank you know you you you hit you hit the wall if you do your burst breathing in rhythm with your heartbeat you'll get control of your heartbeat and you can begin to to to come back down to equilibrium the burst breathing is extremely extremely important okay. And it's done spec it's only done when something comes along and it knocks you out of your off your balance out of equilibrium whether mentally or physically. So if you and this is one of those things that you need to train before you go into a match. But it's one of those things that's always on demand for you now once you've recovered enough that you can focus right.

Now you can go into the spinning technique that we showed you and that's actually very very simple um now we're going to talk about. Square breathing uh you here for mental training or pain control both both okay. Square breathing we talk about. Square breathing it's if you can imagine the shape of a square okay.

So we have an inhalation exhalation we have a pause and another pause. So if you think about it and this is an even beat. So if. I were going to do a four count.

So. I would. I would. Breathe.

In for four hold for four exhale for four hold empty for four. So you have an. A a full you have a hold on the inhale where you're full you have an empty and what will happen here is if you're you are you guys familiar with. Y dots and law at all guys are just coming in late.

So if you look. Y. Dodson and this has been around for a while. So anybody who's been in the mental training field or or for psychology they'll know about this.

But in terms of neurological arousal or stress s how do you spell it. So. I can look. It up y e r k s.

SL do. O. D. I believe it's d o d s o n y.

Keys. Dotson if you do we have an eraser of course not um would anybody like um by the way you can ask the the spinning technique that. I showed you you can also use on fear anxiety insecurity thank you um anything that you can you can turn into a color you can reverse it hello little one this is my daughter. Casi.

I don't have a lot of time. So. I got a lot of space to cover all right. Another thing that we can do okay.

So questions on what. I've talked about. So far yorkis. Dotson for you guys who need to understand it's y okay.

And what that really means is they call it the arousal scale and there's a bell curve to it okay. This would be your area of. Peak. Performance this would be under arousal or low performance scale this would be overarousal low performance okay.

Basically when we start hitting this area we lose control of our nervous system we just spaz out we choke we do whatever okay. Here we're just lethargic we need to find the optimum arousal level the way we do that many times is through a process. Square breathing. I just outlined why is that when we do this they found this out by accident cuz they wanted to teach people how to relax.

So they took. A lot of people who have anxiety disorder and they taught. Square breathing to them and with the idea that it would help them relax well half of them relaxed half of them got more stressed out and a lot of it depends on what's your current level of arousal if you're under aroused and you square breathe your neurological arousal will come up if you're over aroused and you square breathe it'll come down. Okay.

So balances you out they call they also call this. Sports breathing now there's many different other breathing patterns that you can do. But it should always be in through the nose out through the mouth okay. Now one of the things that the a lot again what.

I a lot. I. I've got many years of chiong. Tai.

Chi those kinds of breathing patterns also what. I'm teaching you is not. Asian it's more military it's more. American and it's and it's a lot of what's taught to the.

Soviet athletes remember one the. Soviet swept the swep the. Olympics back in the 70s some of you too younger remember that unlike me right. This is some of the things that they did okay.

So it's about how the breath works right. So let's practice just a little bit of square breathing this is something you would do pre pre-event okay. So we're going to do four count. So.

I. Want. You to. Breathe.

In for four hold for four exhale for four and. Then hold empty for four in through the nose out through the mouth in through the nose out through the mouth in for four hold. I'll let you go at your own pace and if you can time it with your heartbeat. So much the better anytime you can coordinate things with the beat of your heart you're going to wind up having a much greater effect over the entire system as you continue to breathe and letting that process happen.

I'll give you a little bit more information about the heart your heart actually has its own nervous system it sends more information to the brain than your brain sends to your heart okay. It radiates an electromagnetic field 8 ft in diameter out from the body that can be detected with instruments okay. Your proprioceptive nervous system which is the part of you that can tell if. I reach into my pocket and there's something in there it's the part of me that knows what it is without me having to look.

That's that energy field monitors electromagnetic changes in your environment it knows if. I if. I close my eyes. And.

I hold my arms out it's the part of me that knows in space where my arms are. So it's monitoring tons and tons of information. So there's all this interaction going on. I don't want to.

Cloud the issue. But what did you what did you feel when you did the swear breathing. I felt my heart beat more good. I was more connected to my heart good good um it felt like.

I could feel blood flowing to my skin excellent excellent good. I felt woman okay. Were you kind of lethargic when you came in no. No.

I was hurry up get here hurry get. So you were stressed out right. By the way when you get stressed out you never notice your hands get cold no. Anybody ever no.

You don't notice that what do you do you want to hit people no. No. No. Yeah how did actually.

I don't know okay. How did how did the square breathing work for you. I felt very relaxed okay. Very good.

So she got excited you got relaxed excellent relax relax good how about you you didn't do it just f felt a little more energy okay. Yeah remember the square breathing is about normalizing your function the were you guys hear when. I talked about burst breathing come here. Billy.

I can beat up. Billy you've been waiting on you. Billy fig. Billy is also one of my.

Martial. Arts students. So if. I you've seen me punch him at random intervals you'll you'll know why.

So going back to the burst breathing if. I if. I if. I just put him in a vicious a vicious joint lock right.

If he puts his mind in the place where he feels the pain and. I'm. I'm. I.

I could really it hurt right. Okay. All he's going to do is burst breathe the pain away he's going to literally pull the pain and tension out of the spot using his breath and return to structure. So go ahead and.

I'm actually cranking harder on him now. I'm not going to say go volunteer to have this done to you. But this is one of the ways that we actually train this now there's a much gentler way to do this go get. Dr dont.

I wouldn't call it gentler and when she's doing her art on you put your mind in the spot and suck a little bit of the tension out of the area and spit it out great way that's how. I train by the way if you don't know. Don. Dr.

Don is my wife no. She wife. I love her you're. So lucky yeah.

I didn't know that yeah that's. T his experiment. But my point is is that there's a lot because you're you most of you are coming here for art that's a great opportunity works really well for you to practice the burst breathing technique for those of you who came late and didn't get the burst breathing technique it's very very simple. So you have an.

INB breath you have an out breath when you breathe you want to imagine almost the way. I. I imagine how many you know know what a snake a snake bite kit is anybody know what that is okay. Then.

I won't use that metaphor. But for those of you everybody knows what a straw is right. You ever take a little bit of like when you were a kid you take a little bit of fluid or a spitball and you suck it into the strangle and spit it at people same metaphor if there's a place in your body where there's pain tension by the way any emotion will this will work for as well. So if you've got a place where you're feeling anxious a place where there's.

U that knot in your stomach any emotion whatsoever it doesn't matter this technique will work for it okay. Your nervous system doesn't really care whether the pain is physical psychological or emotional it will process the information the same way okay. So let's say that um and we'll do some of the the spinning stuff in a minute. But we really.

I really want to give you the burst breathing because that's the emergency breathing the emergency pain removal technique it's the one that will probably save your bacon more often than not. I have a couple other things. I want to show you. But this is really important.

So if let's say that um he's got a pain in his shoulder. First thing he wants to do is is put his mind in the spot where he feels the most pain or discomfort as he puts his mind in every time he breathes in through his nose you want to imagine that you can grab a little piece of it with your breath and and bring it up into your mouth like and. Then you want to spit it out like literally. So if he cranks on me okay.

Nice and hard you got me it's a really distort my arm. So here he's he's really got me here. So now. I feel the pain up and down this shoulder now let me take my jacket off real quick.

So. I don't get all wrinkled because. I'm vain you guys having fun is this is this interesting stuff very okay. By the way if you if you learn how to do this well everybody around you will think you're.

Superman or. Superwoman okay. They'll think you're like this okay. That's why.

I wear. Spider-Man shirts when. I teach my martial arts classes okay. But again.

I like to. I like to show this with average people you know regular people. So. So he's he's going to really crank on this okay.

So he's got me here and actually don't don't bar the arm just twist it yeah there we go. So he's got this nice and twisted right. So the whole idea is. I got pain in through the shoulder.

So what. I need to do is learn to progressively relax the muscle and the fascia using breath and mind. So all. I do is.

I put my mind in the area and using little [Laughter] motions actually just grab the forearm and twist it yeah just two hands yeah go for it man oh okay. So the whole idea is if you put your mind your your fascial system has its own nervous system too it's. I don't want to talk all kinds of weird jargon. But the bottom line is let's say he puts me in a finger lock okay.

He cranks on it. Ah that's good okay. So you can take this to the extreme of where you can actually put the strength and the form back into joint locks index yes. I'm sorry.

I missed the beginning of this. I apologize if you're this um are you in the breathing process are you releasing the pain relaxing the muscles and the fasia as you said to access strength elsewhere to rotate the what you're doing think of it like this you ever siphon gas out of a you probably haven't. But you know what. I'm talking about what.

I'm doing here is. I'm literally any place you have a block in the body whether it's energetic emotional a not in your fascia your muscle you have tension when your mind goes into that area. Guided by the breath that area becomes responsive to relaxation. So when you go in what you're literally doing is siphoning out little pieces of tension incrementally okay.

And as the tension is released the pain goes away. But how are you getting the power to move to out of the position because you don't feel the pain and there well because what happens is yeah yeah the reason that we have most of our pain guys and gals isn't because of the injury this is going to be one of those weird things most of the time it's it's not the injury itself that screws us up it's our response to it this is what this the combat psychologists especially for the special force has found it's not the wound that kills you it's your response to it okay. Like how scared you are like what you believe what you believe that wound will do to you is more damaging than the wound itself one of the reasons that this is. So important is because you can learn how to control your body no.

Matter what if you're knocked off of this is designed for. PE this is for this particular kind of breathing is designed for when things go wrong when things knock you off your base they knock they they put you on the verge of. Panic it's designed to get you back to functioning. So you can go back to square breathing.

But if you're having like say you're running and you pull something and stopping is not an option you can burst breathe it and pull the tension out of it and keep going now it's not necessarily that doesn't mean you're healing it okay. It means you're going to survive and you're going to be able to finish or have a much better chance of finishing now this is a very obviously he's twering on me pretty well here right. So the whole goal here to learn how to do this and we're going to break up into groups and just practice this we don't it's all about removing tension at. First because until we can learn to control fear we got no.

Business going like hardcore like. I do in my systemic classes right. But if we can just learn to do this on a tension level on a stress level find any place in your body where you've got some stress you also have fear by the way you put your mind in it you grab a little bit of it with your breath with your nose in always the inhalation through the nose exhale through no. Literally like you're spitting it out.

So here he's got me kind of torqued right. So all. I want to do is. I want to relax this joint enough that.

I can do something else and do what we call in. Systema returning destruction by the way when. I started at the beginning of this pain lecture. I mentioned that just because we can take pain away doesn't mean we should pain is there for a reason.

But there are times when stopping isn't an option. So these are what and we're going to assume that that's the situation. So here he's got my finger torque pretty good. So the.

First thing. I'm do is. I'm going to put my mind in it and now because. I can relax the area.

I can feel where to move to put my body back in structure this is what we usually happen when we do the spinning technique did. I did you see the spinning technique did you see it you saw me do the spin yeah no. We. I don't know no.

That's a no. Yeah. I think the only two here. So.

So this is the. First thing. So let's do this let's. I want everybody to get a partner and you can do this one of two ways.

I want you to find most of us carry some tension in our necks and usually. WR in around here or if you have a place that has an ache or a pain all. I want you to do is find it point to it put your mind in it and just imagine you could grab a little bit of it with your breath and spit it out and make it go away and just keep. But you have to associate the mind and the breath together the interface between your body and your mind is your breathing any place you can move you can breathe from you can control.

So in other words if if we think that we you know we breathe from our lungs. But cognitively. I can breathe from my shoulder. I can breathe from my stomach.

I can breathe from my knee this is a chiong principle if we can move our mind and our breath there we can control the area. Okay. So this is about control let's play with this we'll come back and if you guys want to do more we'll do more okay. Billy can help you guys with this.
