Title: Subliminal Influence Secrets: Energy Hypnosis Mind Control Skills, Magic and How it all works
File Name: qmxV1FkjtMU.txt
Video Id: qmxV1FkjtMU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmxV1FkjtMU

So we've been playing a lot to uh this week every a lot of the things we've been doing have based based on this idea uh of a construct or a. I call it the subliminal user interface all right. You've also heard me mention proprioception mirror neurons all this other cool stuff let's get a little bit of a working. Theory right.

And there's a lot of different directions in rabbit holes we can go down. But let's just get the theory out of the way even though you've been working it all weekend. So somebody who has not been in this class ever sees this they'll know what the [ __ ]. I'm talking about we accept that human beings have an energy field in and around their bodies true or not true true okay.

Now depending on what your background is where you started in this field you may call it an aura um you may call it an energy body whatever we're going to look. At it from a purely electromagnetic science ien ific neurological perspective it doesn't mean the other. Paradigm is false in fact most of the things. I teach are inclusive of the phenomena we see on the metaphysical side the difference is we can prove this right.

We can't prove there's a. A pleadian or a gray floating around in your oric field you know making you want chocolate chip cookies at 3:00 in the morning we can't do that right. We can't prove that you know you have a tear in the membrane of your chakra that's causing you to. Crave.

You. Know beer at weird hours you know it just you can't prove that right. But we can prove this we can prove this and if we can if we bet get a bunch of things that we can prove and. Then using that proof or those those elements that we know are real create a u a mechanism that gets us a result that's useful true not true right.

Then we can start to extrapolate and see what that implies in terms of other things. I. I spend a lot of time exploring the implications of certain things and. Then testing it to see if it holds water.

So the. First thing we need to talk about is you have this thing called a spine within that spine is a little cool thing called a spinal cord right. We know this true not true true right. Now running through that spinal cord are these things called electrical impulses that go all over the place to this thing we call a nervous system now the nervous system just like any system is divided into divisions or compartments we all know about the central nervous system which is the brain and spinal cord we understand the autonomic nervous system more or less which is the parasympathetic and the sympathetic nervous system right.

Your breed and feed system bre whatever. But there's another division to your nervous system that we don't really think most of us don't even know about it much less pay attention to it. But it's the one where a lot of the rubber hits the road functionally speaking it's called your proprioceptive nervous system your proprioceptive nervous system is a very long drawn out word for the. S the part of your neurology that monitors time and space time and space if you had if there if such a thing as.

ESP extra sensory perception which is a misnomer uh a sixth sense it actually existed it would be located in your proprioceptive nervous system. But it wouldn't be your six sense it would be your sixth 7th 8th 9th 10th and 11th sense because there are at least six different kinds of information that your proprioceptive system monitors processes and responds to preconsciously there are some conscious aspects to it. But there's mostly unconscious and preconscious one of the things that we can consciously check is if. I reach a in my pocket and.

I feel an object in my pocket oh that was a different object never mind now she laughs need a little reptile stimulation. I keep touching my reptile. Anyway um stop it it's the part of you that recognizes what is actually in your pocket without you having to look. Okay.

So proprioception monitors mechano. Reception. NOS acception interoception electromagnetic fields um there was one more do that again mechano. Reception n acception electromagnetic fields uh spatial relationships.

I think there's actually a. I think there actually is a division called proprioception. I'm not sure if that's one not deception it's pain interal reception is the feelings and the and the activities going on inside of your body mechanical mechano. Reception is your movements in time and space yes.

They're not important okay. Mr surgical technician back there okay. Okay. The one we want to worry about right.

Yes. Okay. So all of these things meet at your propri receptive grid now propri reception monitors internal relationships and external relationships when you get pulled over for drinking too much and they have you stand on one foot touch your nose and do all those weird things your proprioceptive nervous system is the part that they're testing okay. Ladies when you walk into a club or an event and you get that creepy feeling at the back of your neck cuz someone's looking at places they shouldn't right.

Thank your proceptive nervous system right. The proceptive nervous system perceives a tension and interaction of one person's energy with your field as pressure it interprets that and creates a sensation that let you know something is happening it interprets electromagnetic information okay. Now this is important for us because the spine is like a 360° antenna that radiates a spherical field now most of the people when you see these nowadays they depict it more as a. Taurus you guys know what a.

Taurus is big doughnut shape right. And if you look. At it a lot a lot of our energy centers are basically intersecting. Tauruses right.

And we're not going to get too too locked into that. But if you if you impose the doughnut you'll notice we have hemispheres right. Right. Anything in your forward hemisphere we said was what active it's a file that or a program that's open and running right.

Anything back here is over it's done this comes out in our language these archetypal location or spatial filing cabinets you'll say. I can't get past something. I got to get over this. I to put this behind me these are literal as well as metaphorical okay.

Your brain cannot make a distinction assume this has warmth has a actually has coffee in it your brain your brain that's yeah like it's your [ __ ] fault right. Your brain doesn't distinguish emotional warmth from physical warmth if. I give you a warm drink to hold while. I'm speaking to you you will feel more warmly towards me emotionally okay.

If. I give you a cold drink to hold you will feel more coldly towards me that's embodied cognition embodied cognition the parts of your brain that modulate physical warmth modulate and me and create emotional warmth okay. Yes. So you can kind of warm yourself up just by thinking of somebody like trct to feel love yep or well actually it'd be better if you held a warm drink or had them hold a warm drink they'd love you more if.

I give you a soft cushy seat to sit in you will judge me much more softly if. I give you a hard back chair to sit in your judgments will get much harder right. Yes. Fun fun for me right.

I can change how that blow. Feels by how my by changing my emotional state do you know what punch hurts the worst. Zach what punch hurts the worst happy why is that goes right. Through your [ __ ] defense is the love punch that's weird the love punch yes.

So uh what about like the temperature in the room using that towards your advantage which would you if you're like what do you think in a meeting or well if. I want somebody to be comfortable with me. I have to make sure they're comfortable don't. I sure well.

I'm guess more like for like a sales or like a power perspective well if you can control the environment by the way we teach all this stuff in killer influence um if. I'm in a sales environment. I need trust. I need warmth.

I need them to not be. So uh specific when they judge me. So. I need soft chairs warm drinks and a comfortable temperature comfortable what temperature if.

I can also figure out if my client is right-handed or left-handed. I will stand or sit to their right. Side depending on what their dominant hand is. I get sneakier the one with the same hand or.

OPP you always want if you if you're presenting if you're presenting to someone who right. Hand dominant if you stand on their right. Side they'll like you more than if you stand on their left side can you talk about the eye. I could will you.

I will what do you want to know things about the eyes. And like uh we were talking about it. Last night where hypnotic gazing yeah if you look. At the left eye person different looking at right.

Eye correct. I don't know that that's true. I don't know that that's true um when you look. At somebody you want to look.

At them there's there's two gazes that we learned in sales school one was called the magnetic compelling the other was called powerful directing you want to think of it as a drawing or a gentle holding or embracing of their attention as oppos opposed to the serial killer stare right. That's that's powerful directing if. I want. Fred's attention to be direct you know on the thing as.

I'm talking. I will look. At it and there's a compelling reason to to just look. Where.

I'm pointing right. Whereas if. I want to talk to. Fred as opposed to the contract.

I'm going to hold. Fred's attention gently right. And that's a very compelling gaze right. So that's two ways that we can begin to do it now if.

I want to get hypnotic which that is. Hypnotic in and of itself the longer. I hold eye contact and a non- creepy way the more attracted to me you'll become the more the longer you hold eye contact the more attracted to you people will become attractivity is one of the what four h that's right. Four.

Horsemen of of. Unstoppable hypnotic influence the more attract huh ra. First other it'll amplify. Rapport.

But you do have to get to the point where you can hold the. I contact which means you have to have some level of comfort or an ability to bypass their social zones he can induce hynotic state by staring and moving his head like a snake it's not completely true. I said it's helpful you're [Music] do if you're trying to put someone to a trance you need to get a abortion were you at the training where. I gave the woman an orgasm by looking her in the eyes.

Uh the blonde lady remember. I brought her up and. I. Matrix.

Then yes. I think that's the only one that's no. No. It was the blonde lady who um.

CP no. It was it at. Erotic. Hypnosis.

Last year or. I wasn't there oh you weren't. I was it. Vegas.

Erotic. Hypnosis yeah you were there you you were the one in 2015 right. Yeah in. Vegas yeah the uh towards the end of the training there was one lady who was sitting on on the left hand side smaller lady work with.

Rick yeah okay. You know yeah and. I and. I that's when.

I did the energy thing where. I. I. I went in through her eyes.

It uh surged the energy up through her liver. Meridian and into her spine and gave her an orgasm just by looking at her you gotta do it to him it's on video. I'll show it to you. I don't give a [ __ ] what you know [ __ ] if you can do what.

I do [ __ ] you you can talk amen. I'm going to go get my how you really feel. I'm. I come across.

I'm. I'm. I'm. I.

I love what. I do. I. I do.

I have a great life. I really. I mean it it's not perfect by any stretch of the imagination. But you know.

I'm also um. I'm highly competitive. I really am and. I don't have time for [ __ ] um.

But. I'm also tolerant of other people's approaches and you know as my my belief is this if you can do what. I do doing what you do keep doing it right. If not does that mean it means if your [ __ ] works as well for you and you can get the same kind of results.

I do as quickly as. I do doing what it the method you use do it stared at her liver no. I went in through her eyes. Through her eyes.

You access the system through the eyes. You create uh he's writing this [ __ ] down you have to create you have to create coherence in the system once you create coherence in the system they're you're not two organisms anymore right. Then whatever energy you whatever. Sensations you generate in you their mirror neurons will pick up and'll replicate the experience and.

First timer. I well. I don't know two days now you know how to. SC firstline was anybody else there nobody else was there okay.

I have the clip if. I'll find it. I'll let you watch it yeah going do that [ __ ]. A lot of it a lot of a lot of a lot of a person's willingness to go into those things is context and environmental specific they were there for.

Erotic. Hypnosis training. So their guard and their what they were willing to let themselves do is was dramatically different that was a class of hyper responders too when. I walked in there that.

First class. I'm thinking. I'm in [ __ ] deep [ __ ] cuz everybody there was classically trained which means they had no. They were all therapists right.

Except for the dominatrix who showed up had no. Hypnosis the guy in the back of the room was doing the camera it's like the wildest thing. I've ever. SE yeah that was awesome you should bring him around oh he he's around.

The. Erotic. Hypnosis the thing about. Kenner is.

The. Erotic. Hypnosis event in 2014 the. First exercise we did he had massive.

AB reaction oh really. I fixed it and he was hyper responsive from that moment on you were there remember that yeah we did it he was he [Music] was. I st and those anchors are still there. So every now and.

Then you'll see me go ker he's off in the corner the fetal position he yeah he still goes to the floor right. Flor and. Then. Then.

Joe came in and they found the those two were like the hyper responsive twins they're sitting there going zapping each other at the same time. I love my life right. So sake thing does work yeah hypnotic there's a lot of different a lot of different ways to do it right. I showed.

I showed. Diana um another way to just take over somebody's neurology. Last night after the class after everybody oh. I just touched her and like this and she sat down for me twice and did didn't know why what was that like you showed it to me you kind of demonstrated it's.

Voodoo. Vince is like what the hell just happened was anybody else see that yeah did you see that yeah right. I was there. I stay.

I. I have a freaky world. But yes. So you're saying that the left eye or the right.

Eye doesn't matter not as much that not as much if if you if you buy into do hemispheric dominance. Theory. Then the left eye is where you want to go because that goes to the right. Hemisphere right.

But honestly it doesn't really matter as long as you look. Into one eye right. When you look. Into one eye you look.

Through it and past it just relax that's right. Swe cool. I kind. I did it back to him too to see where to see where we're going it was a cool experience everything kind of faded out mhm that's where you can start and the idea now is is you don't look.

At him you it through him you move your energy field past him. So that you can interact with it right. I loock is a little bit different um a lot of different ways to do the hypnotic gaze are you uh trying not to. Blink on that one ick you don't blink uh the less you blink the more effective it is right.

But. I'm not a. I'm not a. I'm not a blink.

Nazi. So these are all skill sets. I mean it looks like it does look. Like.

M like magic like there's some weird power and there is a power going on there is a power being utilized. But it's not it's not as esoteric as we like to make it right. I think the the fact the laws of physics are are super magical. I mean it's not nothing is random right.

And as long as we start to embrace this idea that patterns repeat at different levels of vibrational experience it all makes sense it all makes sense. But let's get back to this. So we can get back to actually fixing [ __ ] right. Cuz that's why we're here right.

These are the foundations that open up the. Matrix to you that's where you're at you're seeing the. Matrix now you're seeing a very small part of it. But even the small parts have some power to them don't they right.

This is my mission to bring it out what you guys do with it is up to you anything in the front of your body is open and active we tend to see it as as a as a sphere or we think of the aura as this nebulous gaseous energetic type. Cloud that's all kinds of cool colors right. And vibrationally speaking it is. But.

I don't see it that way everybody here knows what an. XYZ grid is right. You all know what an. XY grid obviously it's it's a mapping coordinates in two.

Dimensions when you add a. Third dimension to it you have to have an. XYZ grid. So you have an x a y and a z if you impose an.

XYZ grid on the an energy field all of a sudden when people talk and their hands start to move those grids have relevance there's spatial three-dimensional filing cabinets where that information is stored fractally and holographically because it's electromagnetic because it's vibrational you can have an infinite amount of information in one spot okay. Most of the information is infinitesimally minute in the code. But some of it isn't some of it is really [ __ ] big deleted with information that's deleted distorted or generalized as. NLP likes to say the locations in terms of its proximity from the ex from the periphery to the interior are indicative of how identified or.

Associated you are with that information and literally it will turn up the amount of energy your nervous system is cycling through in other words neurological arousal when people have traumas that shit's never out here it's never here it's always right. Here and it's big. I've never seen anybody with a trauma like and they pointed to it and. Trace the edge of it it was like this never unless their normal sized images were like that it's proportional my wife has very very small windows.

But everything is small right. It's just it's all relative right. When the information moves to the core of the body and the minute it breaks the skin that's when you're in it right. You guys took.

The picture lifted it up over your head and all of a sudden you're in it right. Okay. That's where holographic memor memory resolution works okay. And there's tremendous tremendous implications to that work even though we're starting with trauma release and addiction recovery there are tremendous tremendous transpersonal implications for that it makes a lot of metaphysical practices functional.

But that's not why we're here. So anytime somebody begins to describe their problem the. First thing you as a real world hypnotist need to do is know what point look. Where their hands are going your hands will instinctively go to the spatial coordinate where that information is stored their hands will move in the direction the energy in that container the holographic container is circulating in there will be a shape there will be a color there will be all kinds of associations in the container and within that container itself is the actual event being replayed over and over and over again fractally within that fractal closed or pocket dimension which is on an endless loop there is a fragment of your.

Consciousness that is also fractal which means it has all the memories you have up to that point and nothing. Beyond it right. We can work with the container we can work with the spatial locations we can work with the context or the movie we can work with the electromagnetic signature that encodes it we can work with all these different things yes. So it's got all the memories up to that point that's my belief.

So. Then you had that experience. Then you had a lesson about that experience. Later on how this doesn't apply which means there's like that lesson doesn't apply to it that's right.

Stuck off. Loop. M and have yeah in in very heavy duty traumas that that little bubble it's like it's like um there's two metaphors. I can give you one you you're very familiar with everybody here knows what an antivirus program is right.

All right. Most times your your your antivirus software is cruising through your system looking for something to kick out looking for something that doesn't belong there. But and most of the time it does it just. Elite deletes it right.

But sometimes there's a program it can't get rid of. But it can stop from affecting the rest of the system at least to some degree and what do we what does it do with it it quarantines it it it it it takes it and moves it or or walls it off somewhere in the system. So that it's still there. But it's not directly hurting or impacting the system it's still by the way taking up space on the hard drive it's still taking up some processing speed right.

But for all intents and purposes for the moment it's not a problem anybody ever accumulate too many temporary files on your computer yeah what happens [ __ ] slows down right. Guess what happens when you start to accumulate lots of little trauma bubbles like that your [ __ ] gets [ __ ] up the system slows down it stops operating optimally yeah also learn that that's where. Li goes too with the toxins that processes that when your liver right. When when your liver when your liver the metaphor he's using when your liver comes across a toxin it can't do break down or remov from the body it encases it in fat and stores it in your fat in your fatty tissues that's why many times like isogenics which is a great product like many times when you go on that cleanse you'll drop a ton of weight really quick because it purges the system it cleanses the system right.

So a lot of detox there's a lot of toxicity that fat is utilized to prevent from killing you right. So it's going to kill you instead of killing you fast it kills you slow yeah oh with that with the toxicity inside the fat cells can that uh play on or add to like certain people's experience of depression yes. Okay. Yes.

Because of the way the because of the way the neurology organizes in catalogs remember just be the minute that that let's say we have a trauma whatever it is. Big trauma you know you broke a nail when you were six and you're you know you're aspiring fashionista. So that's like a mind-numbing experience right. You know or you're you're studying culinary school and you accidentally put too much salt in something and you know whatever it is it doesn't matter we have to redefine what trauma actually means to the system right.

Be. Then as it may the moment the moment that container is created the unconscious mind still has to do something with it it has to put it somewhere. So it does and you know what it does it creates sections for this kind of traum sections for this kind of trauma sections for that kind of trauma it connects them by what they have in common even though they may be radically different experiences if they have one or two events in common that's where they connect that's why many times when we start to unpack these things you wind up going through all these different experiences and you're you're you're following them based on that connecting thread. But all the events are different does that make sense does that sound familiar right.

Your your your system worked it protected you from the trauma it took. It and put it in a storage cabinet. But that has to have an organization to it and it's organized by what they have in common well just like any toxic dump one or two canisters ain't a big problem. But 10 years of toxic dumping now you have a problem now you have.

Love. Canal right. CU those containers will start to leak they'll start to take on a mass they'll start to take on an amplitude until your system can't hold it down anymore and. So it starts turning up the messages that say you need to go in and fix this yeah say like that's kind of the root cause of beginnings of the disease would.

I say that would. I say that. I'm feeling the yes. In fact most of our [ __ ] works this way even stuff we don't consider diseases it's just an extreme of an ongoing process.

But you're not broken the fact that you're doing this means the system's working. But nobody taught you how to flush the system you got to flush the system right. You just got to do it. So anything that we can put behind us stops hurting us.

But sometimes the neurology will fight putting it back there right. Away because it's afraid if we let go of this we'll forget it happened and it'll happen again. So we have to preserve the safety aspect in order for the neurology to be willing to let the rest go if the if the container of the experience is too big it will have too much amplitude to move easily we tested this when. I had you take something that on a scale of on a sh scale of 0 to 10 was like a 1 to three.

I had you trace the images of it and. I had you make it really big and try to move it and. Then. I had you shrink it down and try to move it which moved easily that will always be that way it doesn't mean you can't move it.

But it will demonstrate a principle to you the nervous system changes fastest. When there's less energetic charge to the event this is this is why when we're doing any form of regression and you will be doing regression this week you won't be going deep dish into regression. But we must vent the emotional charge somehow to get the fastest ability for the nervous system to change okay. Traditionally uh old school regression is just going back to that event and having them run that movie and feel those feelings it's a little bit sadistic.

But it works and it works well right. Because the problem that we're having isn't the event it's the effect it's the feelings and the emotions we're not expressing the system is designed to move energy through it an energetic charge held in the body means energy is not moving. Chinese medical. Theory 101 when energy stops moving you get pain you get tension you get stress and that's the gentle stuff goes on long enough you start to you go from what we call.

Chi stagnation to blood stagnation blood stagnation means that the energetic. CH the energetic charge has become. So strong that it's actually pulled the blood into that area and stopped it from moving as well cancer is a form of blood stagnation tumors are a form of blood stagnation they've gone from blood that has slowed down to stopped to congealed to a mass you see how it all fits it all starts with the energy yeah well actually it starts with the event and the emotional system in place once the emotions are are out of whack it's not long before everything starts to accumulate and it follows. Yeah question families with history of cancer be correlated to almost like can the listen let's get the whole genetic monster on the table and get it off the table really quick if you have let's take cancer off of it for the question if you have the gene that says you're an alcoholic you guys know that there's an alcoholic it's an alcoholic.

Gene now right. But you never take a drink can you become an alcoholic no. But you got the gene. So what it's.

Destiny right. No. No. Genes just mean you have a predisposition if you just you can go you'll get the destination if you take the trip right.

And your genes change epigenetics teaches us this right. Your genes change. So whether you have the gene or not is it a factor yeah is it as big a factors we tend to make it no. No.

Okay. So along with your appropriate reception you have this organism in your body or or called a mirror neuron mirror neurons are extremely powerful and important in what we do it is the piece that allows our state control to have. Maximum. Impact on the client because your mirror neurons are designed to take information through the senses and interpret the intentions behind them and actually reproduce at a subtle neurological level all of that information in you as if you were actually doing it and it doesn't have to see all of you okay.

Studies show that if like you can only see from the upper half of the body. But you cross your legs below the below the the brain will pick it up okay. How does it do that electromagnetic fields remember. I said the propri receptive nervous system of the body monitor six different pieces of information one of which is electromagnetic fields right.

The human heart radiates an electromagnetic field that is measurable with [Music] instruments 8 ft in diam diameter mhm no. Mine's much bigger when you really train it it's not it becomes it becomes non-local. But everywhere in vibrational influence you'll learn how to play with that you'll learn how to raise and lower people's blood pressure make them break out into sweat invade their dreams do all kinds of cool [ __ ] yeah our vibr our our energy training is a little bit different than most people. Brandon's been through you've been through one right.

You missed it the one the. Second one was even cooler that was cool um. But you came you were at both actually right. Each one he's been to has been different you actually came to three didn't you did you come to the the.

Second the. Third never mind. I'll teach you with that. Later yeah 8 ft in diameter if you're normal average right.

Which means 8 ft from his body his energy field begin or ends not right. And. Then 8T. So.

I can be 16t away from you and still play with you and. I don't even have to be looking at you or he doesn't have to be looking at me this is where our state control begins or our our empathic influence begins right. Uh the technical term is coherence it's kinesthetic rapport s sign um signified as a synchronization of the heartbeats that again it goes beyond suggestion uh the the system you want to reference for that is called heartmath.org okay. They took.

A dog and his boy hooked them up to machines let him go out in the yard and play within 15 minutes heartbeat synchronized. So suggestion is no. Longer on the table which everything is suggestion by the way. So you might as well just get used to that suggestion is just communication.

I'm not a hypnotist. I'm a practitioner of the art of suggestion. I can deliver those suggestions any number of ways right. So the proprioceptive grid is a field around your body 360° the spatial coordinates are indicative of categories or classes of information when your hands move while you're describing something your hands need to move to those locations to access that data okay.

When people talk about their traumas pay attention to it they will show you every single time where that information is. So that you can access it right. Especially when they say they don't see things because something seeing something and that's all we care about make sense okay. Now how does this how does this relate to the.

Last piece of the identity by. Design. Silo the magic circle magic circle is the generative component within the identity by. Design sille everything else you could consider remedial in other words we're going in and we're we're changing something that got screwed up or it wasn't installed right.

Or whatever in the magic circle we're actually selecting people or exemplars or avatars depending on what word you resonate with who represent qualities characteristics skills and abilities we want for ourselves things we want more of right. I did a little bit of. DTI with you on uh. Wednesday night when.

I had you float up out of your body and down into the image of me teaching you and being me for a little while what was that like. I had more. Charisma with the stuff. Next morning were you too sexy for your shirt.

I am right. Now who else how how many people remember how many people just checked out completely. Julie what was that like for you um. I mean.

I remember you doing it. But. I don't consciously like remember any feeling a lot of people have blank spots. David started talking.

I don't remember anything after that. I kind of feel a little. Amia for that little. Amia.

I know he did yeah. Brandon yeah really cool. I remember the experience of uh floating in looking at the world through your eyes. And just rehearsing skills ofal did you feel.

Superior to everyone cool yes. Do when uh when. I floated down and merged. I felt like.

I had the ability to impart knowledge and technique rest of the audience to bring them to my level speak cool it's like coherence with everybody that's good. I like that coherence with everybody yes. Coherence with everybody is actually what. I do.

I put a whammy on the whole room okay. That's the system that's the system right. Your mirror neurons your propri reception you get your body engaged you get your imagination engaged and you access this you understand the. Dynamics of unconscious response you start to trust the information you're getting you monitor the kinesthetics to make sure that the kinesthetics match what you want and you just keep playing with the system until that happens the kinesthetic system the kinesthetic feedback is analogous to the vibrational frequencies you're accessing and putting out to the universe.

Therefore if the feelings in your body are right. Your vibration is right. And you will ultimately attract more events that are correspondent and supportive of that frequency vision boards don't matter what matters is the feelings they generate in your body does that make sense all right. Magic circle very simple actually.

I tend to do a lot of these things uh by the way in my world the the gry room is in the womb of. Eternity. So when in doubt start with the womb go to the gry room and do your work within the gry room you'll be fine okay. I heard a huh here's a huh okay.

So storyboard induce [Music] deepen float up we go meta on this right. We relax the body raise the. Consciousness hear that relax relax the body raise the. Consciousness to the womb of.

Eternity from the womb of. Eternity we go to the gray room within the gray room is a glowing circle of energy and you are in the center of [Music] it at cardinal points and you can have one you can have four you can have 12 it doesn't matter at each compass point of the circle with a wave of your hand you magically summon the. Avatar of the person who symbolizes the qualities characteristics and attributes that you want for yourself follow me yep let's say that you want to be more relentless. So like.

Zach you summon up. Darth. Vader bad idea was actually kind of cool this get real weird my point is when you do deep trans identification you have to be careful because there's a lot of people who didn't understand the full impact of really and we'll go we'll go we're giving you a basic understanding which is still better than most people's ideas of of. DTI.

Anyway in advanced regression and actually in secrets of. Personality transformation um in in. Vegas we're going to go even further into deep trans. ID deep trans identification.

I'm going to show you some dark side stuff uh applied for more gray purposes and benevolent purposes. But the technology is sound and that's why it's dark side because it was developed by people who didn't give a [ __ ] in environments where it needed to function right. Some of the best [ __ ] is developed by criminals. But that doesn't mean we can't use it right.

Or by the military. AKA velcro my point is it's not the technique that's evil it's the application right. The outcome the intention. So divorce evil from your mind right.

It's all good if you're using it for good we'll go very very much more comprehensively into building very complex deep trance identification protocols that are you know much more pervasive. But the things we want to talk about when we think about. DTI deep trans identification a make sure you're only extracting the tech the qualities you want. So build a filter in place that only pulls in the characteristics and qualities that you you covet for yourself mentally physically emotionally because many people love to do de deep trans identification on a man known as named.

Milton. Ericson the problem with that is a lot of them wind up not being able to walk lack of planning and really good mirror neurons right. Characteristics only characteristics that are emotionally that you want emotionally desirable emotionally healthy if you're. D let's put this way if you're skinny and you're doing deep trans identification with someone who's rather large don't be surprised if you have a sudden desire to eat or vice [Music] versa yeah yeah be specif about what you want from that.

I would. I would um most of my. DTI. I.

I'll. I'll give you my codes. I started with. Sherlock.

Holmes. James. Bond. Captain.

Jack. Sparrow. Robin. Williams.

George. Carlin. Richard bandler kenri. Cleveland did a little bit of.

Mark um that's. Sam. Kennison yeah can you do them all individually you can or you can do them all together when. I do.

I'm going to do the demo in a minute um and. I'll probably just do one or two. But. I've had people do like 10 right.

It doesn't matter as long as you understand the process right. Jay come on up here brother what impersonator could become that person absolutely. I would think yes. Remind me to tell you about.

Captain. Jack the acupuncturist all right. Huh. Captain.

Jack the. Aur is a horrifying thought. I go laid like a rockar drunk all the time is that why you always like your rest indeed. I do love indeed.

I do hello mik hello all right. So um we're just going to walk through the. DTI process right. And and it's actually kind of fun do you have anybody that you'd like to have more of in you in that non-gay way oh it's got to be nay uh.

I feel a round of sweet transvesti coming on who was in who was in class when. I did the. Franken furder imitation well you think. I won't all right.

Can't even look. At you. I see it you saw it didn't you you felt the be careful what you ask for how do you do baby shut him right. Down all right.

Um let's do actually you know. Austin pal that's that's a great one yeah baby yeah and. Then we we. Shad baby yeah.

I us him as well oh that's glorious you want some jubblies too do you want some what jubi don't ask all right. Your feet will remain strong beneath you sleep deep sleep all the way down deeper and deeper. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take. Every.

Beat of your heart. J drifting dreaming floating flying oh. So relaxed. So at peace your body becoming more and more relaxed your head can come back up.

But you can go deep deeper and deeper and deeper still open your eyes. Close your eyes. All the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still open those eyes. All the way up close those eyes.

All the way down drifting dreaming floating flighting guiding by the sound of my voice wonderful. Sensations coursing all throughout your mind all throughout your body wonderful senses of pleasure the kind of pleasure that that's right. Doubling and tripling. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take in.

Every. Beat of your heart because the more pleasure you feel. Ooh. Yeah the more oxytocin you release the more oxytocin you release the more rapidly your neurology goes oh.

I can change now and of course the more you change the better you feel the better you feel deeper you go and it just goes that way yeah baby yeah now in a moment no. Yet. But in just a moment baby. I'm going to say.

I'm going you're going to notice your. Consciousness flying all the way up out of your physical body leaving your physical body far behind blowing higher and higher still as. Captain. Jack the hypnotist takes over you'll begin to notice a wonderful sense of relaxation a wonderful sense of.

Freedom free of the physical body you can move anywhere you like in time and space to the past to the present or even parallel universes parallel lives or other versions of yourself that are learning and living in having. Adventures things you can learn from and it's a wonderful thing as you continue to float. Higher and. Higher and.

I am still that's right. And as you do you can actually look. Down you can actually see that glowing line of time beneath you the one we visited. So many times that's right.

As you continue to float you see off in the distance a beautiful star a familiar star that winks and twinkles and welcomes you home you find yourself being drawn towards it moving floating flying that wonderful energy getting stronger and stronger bathing your mind bathing your body in all of those wonderful things that you love. So much that's right. And you pass through that beautiful light you feel a cleansing as if a beautiful special fine filter has been applied through every part of your being filtering away any stress any strain any less than positive experience until only the purest consciousness of. J is remaining you find yourself passing through that light into a very familiar place a dm- shaped room with pearly gray walls in the center of that room where a huge fireplace used to be is something different a beautiful glowing circle of energy and there's one small portion of that.

Circle that isn't quite glowing yet and we're going to step inside you and. I and as soon as you do that other that section lights up and you feel an energy washing through you you feel a sense of command a sense of power a sense of being one with. God and in this place in this time in this construct we call the womb of. Eternity and the gray room and the magic circle you are one with creation and anything you can intend anything you can imagine anything you can act out must must must become true and real for you in the external world just the way it works now as you look.

Around the exterior of that. Circle you can begin to notice that there are people avatars examples of qualities traits and characteristics that you really want more of that you would like to have installed deep inside of you for yourself and with a wave of your hand or a snap of your finger the. First one appears and when you see him or her noge your head to let me know that's right. And as you look.

That person in the eyes. You can see feel an energy moving back and forth between the two of you if you know what a chakra is you can feel your chakra is actually aligning and energy beginning to flow back and forth information being downloaded and transferred your vibration synchronizing like a. Bluetooth that's right. And when you're ready.

I want you to turn around and step backwards into that person becoming completely one with them seeing the world through their their eyes. Hearing the world through their ears feeling the world through their body sensing and believing and understanding and perceiving themselves as the world and everyone. El as this person as you do mate what. I like you to do as like you to live the life as them go where they go do what they do understand the way they understand go on adventures baby yeah that's right.

Over and and over and over again whatever formative experiences they had that were necessary for them to become that kind of person take only what you need only what you want only what gives you those qualities traits characteristics and attributes and when you know you've got it when you know it's locked in imprinted indelibly into every level of your mind every level of your body. Then all. I want you to do there no. Your head to let me know take a deep breath breathe in their.

Essence feel them becoming a permanent part of you imprinting merging and step out turn around and face that avatar look. Them in the eyes. And with all the gratitude that you have to give thank them for what they've shared with you and with a wave of your hand and thanks dismiss them back for once they came and as you look. Around the circle take notes is there anyone else who called these characteristics or attributes you'd like to have more of name them summon them when you see them not your head there you go and once again as you look.

Them in the eyes. You thank them for coming the energy between your eyes. Begins to blend and merge and pass information back and forth your crown your. Third eye your heart your throat your shut all of your chakras aligning vibrating synchronizing the energy transfer accelerating maxify you can just feel it like downloading information from the.

Matrix like me going. I know. Kung. Fu the.

Kung. Fu is getting stronger and stronger still and when you're ready only when you're ready turn around and step into [Music] them feel that energy surging all throughout your mind all throughout your body live that life feel that feeling know what they know be them now in every respect taking only what you most need what you most want to exemplify those qualities characteristics and attributes that give you the results you crave and desire live the life over and over and over again thousands of times at the speed of thought until you know you've got it when you know you've got it. Lord. Jed to let me know that's right.

Take a deep breath in breathe in that. Essence and step out again turn around look. Your avatar in the eyes. With all the.

Gratitude and deep felt thanks you have to give thank them and dismiss them back from when they came and now anytime you need to. Jay anytime you want to you can go to the womb of. Eternity you can visit that gray room and enter your magic circle and with an act of will you can summon forth any quality characteristic or attribute that you want you can step inside and become the embodiment of those powers of those abilities and express them integrate them fully into your own. Persona into your own being expressing them and enjoying them wielding them at your will for all the right.

Reasons when you know you've got that imagine a time in the future 7 days from now having fully integrated installed expressed and applied these qualities characteristics and attributes step into that body 7 years in the future notice what it feels like to be that person now look. Back on those seven days towards this moment notice what you've learned notice what's different what have you learned. Jay that's right. Now move forward a month from those seven days into that body live that life for a couple of days and notice how good that feels notice the results that you're getting now as you notice the results that you're getting now look.

Back on those in that previous month and notice what you've learned notice what's different notice it just gets better and better for all the right. Reasons and now from that month move six months into the future step into that body having fully mastered and built upon these foundations live that life look. At the results you have look. Back on this moment and notice what's left notice what you've learned notice what you've.

Acquired and. Then one final time move a year into the future from that six-month. Mark into that body into that mind into that life live it turn around look. Back on that year and a half notice what you've learned notice what's changed when you know you've got it begin the.

Journey. Back walking back in time and as you look. Back in time tracing your timeline back to the present moment you notice what look. Like little glowing.

Footprints and each of those. Footprints symbolizes a step in the process a journey an idea an understanding a revelation that you've made a turning point in the process that. LEDs you to this goal to this destination and as you retrace your steps back your unconscious mind has a road map to follow a set of coordinates in your. GPS that will inevitably inevitably.

Orient on and take you to faster more fully more powerfully than ever before and even. Beyond it when you know you've got that feel yourself floating down into the physical body here in the room bringing all of those. Transformations. Revelations and educations with you head clear mind clear fully installed in every way well you now you're here and.

Nod your head let me now excellent baby yeah in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you'll emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed that every level of your mind body and soul is in complete.

Harmony compl complete. Accord with this. TR. Revelations.

Transformations and educations number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where you're the one who knows how to use this you're the one who's done the work who's imprinted the traits the qualities the characteristics and is expressing them uniquely in your own way that gives you the results you want the way you want it number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your very own other than conscious mind are now 10 times more powerful 10 times more positive 10 times more permanent locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires and can profess and express these qualities traits and characteristics always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve in your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those. Solutions in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four well because it's all for you. Mr. Jay you've done the work you've followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you deserve the rewards it's your reality you've earned it and it's true for you now on the.

Next count you can emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed that every level of your neurology mind body and soul is completely imprinted with these qualities tra and characteristics expressing them in all the ways that only make your life better by your standards and your expectations at peace with yourself the world and everyone in it feeling good all over glad to be alive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel wow that was cool wow. So the. First one that just came up and. I saw was.

Merlin um and uh the. Second one was. Indiana. Jones.

So um. So uh that was that was really awesome thank you big round of applause for the man thank you very much it's actually quite simple isn't it it's a little scary. I mean there's a lot that. I feel like you go wrong as well as right.

Not if you've done your cleanup yeah remember magic circle is the. Last part of the process right. So if you've done your work shouldn't be any problem go play.
