Title: QreR7JPvMNw.txt
Video Id: QreR7JPvMNw
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QreR7JPvMNw

Doeses that make sense you guys. So while we're here let me just cover one concept before we go back because. I covered this this is one of those very important principles it always works repeating every single time and it. Con concerns our main topic today.

So how many of you guys heard about you should shorten your stride that's the current teaching. Yes. You heard of that both of us because that's you know with the. Kyon.

Runners coming you know to you know to the getting all the attention and the. CH running teaching and also pose method and also to injury prevention in the past 10 20 years the slogan is always shorten your stride back to. Old this we always say lengthen your stride. But do you understand shortening your stride does that mean make this as short as possible or does that mean you change position of one of the foot when you.

So the appropriate way of shorten the stride and the reason what resulted in the movement about shorten the stride is because most people when they try to increase their speed or the power we do this it's the front we try to reach too much and. So when we reach that much see what happens the loock need and what exactly the knock need a heel strike that's the root of a lot of evils that's why the movement you know and also watching kingon. Runners you know all the about mechanical development will tell you shorten a stride. But remember mark this to your mind shorten the stride only applies to the front we want the front leg to be shortened by doing what not coming not not by kind of bring the whole leg back bending the knee more.

So the knees over the. First ball of the foot and the chest is over knees what does it look. Like lunge starting position of track runners am. I right.

That's how you set up you both you have enough body with leaning. So you're almost kind of falling out of balance to give you that initial job and also you have enough. El. Last you know the spring in this cuz the.

First you know. Nan seconds are the most important part that's the reason why. So people you know people have. So much foul you know there right.

So shorten the stride applies to the front leg we don't want to overreach to have this lock kneed heel striking pattern we want to be here. But the overall strike length we don't want to be too short do you want the want to run around like this yeah that's very short strike that's very tiny chicken feet you know strike doesn't work no. Matter how much you can you can gain in terms of cadence. Cadence means how many times you you know you switch between the feet within a minute it's not enough to cover the massive loss of the power you get.

So shortness stri applies to the front leg the hind leg we don't want it to be too short. So shortness stri actually the truth is it's a shift of strip it's not a shortening stride it's going from here to here does that make sense it's see the stride length doesn't change much the body also has a ga you know has a way to gauge how much stride length do you want it it's either through here or through here when you shorten a stri in the front guess what you naturally to do this more doing this also give you a term you know you guys will probably hear this it's not a very commonly used terms most people don't use this is called a stride angle usually stri angle positively correlates with speed power performance good. Runners usually have a good stri angle the stri angle here you won't hear that term very much that's come a little bit more of a on the narrow narrowly use more among the the pros you know professional you know more of not professionals you know the people who specializing helping the the pros the stri angle. So if you have a really short stride how how how big is your stride angle you're not going to achieve much.

So shortness right. Really should be a shifting of the stride instead of here you're are here here has a few things a sec another concept. I want you to get is hip extension. I covered this before.

I will cover again this in another. Meetup one of our best indicator about running power is called the hip extension how much this this is a h look. This is hip extension this is back extension back extension doesn't count. I want back straight hip that both gets you the maximum glute power and also because it causes a stretch on the hip flexors and your quads that gives you the elastic recoil pulls you powerfully forward here our running relies efficient running always maximize elastic recoils otherwise it's too much muscular.

Force elastic recoil is. Nature's power there you use it you want you want you know you want to jump really high if you you're allowed to cheat do you want to land here or do you want to land on a spring. So you can really jump pretty high that's the elastic. Reco you're spring springing this.

So when you have the hind leg you almost almost want to think about it the the better the hip extension. So it's actually the longer the strip behind you the better does that make sense. So. I hope.

I covered them pardon me can you show us how it's done this if. I do really in the short. So if. I do more of a front running this is like no.

Hip extension this is no. Hip extension and you see how. I. But if.

I want to have more hip extension. I my. Hip. Flex are.

So tight you you guys see the difference at least. I'm really not at the best shap. Dr right. Now.

But you see and. I'll illustrate you this is no. Hip extension this is hip extension. But a lot of time we don't need the straight length to be that long because sometimes you don't need that kind of speed.

But even when you have a low speed. I want the ratio to be more behind you instead of front you. So even if. I'm just jogging see how.

I really try to strive this even. I go even slower. I was still try to be like this instead of just you see the difference here versus if you can really strive for that that push off does that make sense. So that's the main topic for today.

But how do you feel that and engage that let's do little drills upstairs is that helpful guys. So all right. So who's fired up to work on the hip extension exactly. First hip extension what we need to do we need to have enough length of our hip flexors what's our modern day lifestyle sitting yeah do we really lengthen this on a regular basis no.

So unfortunately we have to do something sorry to counteract that he flexion stretch it's almost a daily thing and unfortunately. I also find that you know our beds is infinitely sof no. Matter how hard your bed is infinitely softer than what the ancestors are used to right. For some reason after night's sleep on modern day beds even if you said it's a firm setting almost everyone's hip flexors gets short.

So. I recommend people stretch this on a regular base throughout the day the key the trick for this one you can you stand like this. But for some reason when you stand stretch like that we tend to. Arch more the back when you have a cushion if you can put the knee down it's easier.

So you literally have to activate your core to un. Arch the back to push this back and. Then use the front leg just pull your forward like we talk about the foot running right. So you can feel the stretch really here as far as you can hold one minute on each side yeah because you don't have the length the body is going to cheat it's going to overarch the back or just simply not do it not do the hip extension really stretch that okay.

Anyone feel the need to stretch stretch if you don't don't worry about it you know what this maybe a little bit more padding here guys come here on the big tur here it's a little bit more padding. I don't want you guys to hurt your kneecaps the knee that your this knee is important not to have that go over for this stretch doesn't really matter too much cuz all we care is this okay. But it's easier that's true this you know you kind of lose the balance carot the only drawback is if your. KNE is over the toe you're going to lose balance.

So you do want to reach forward a little bit more s much yeah you get a little bit more padding here. So if the kneecap is you know. Soo much for your kneecap over there come back here yeah. I have it on the video there too.

So increase. So increase the hip extension. First thing is you got to have the material length. So.

I can't stress enough how much we all need this stretch every day and. Then from here on just watch this one's a little harder on the. KNE caps is we quads how many muscles are there in a quads group four exactly that's the name implies only one of them called rectus. FIS crosses both knee and the hip that muscle function is a secondary hip flexor.

So we got to get that stretched too. So we stretch the hip. FX for soas. Elia soas.

Then we back off a little bit if you can reach for the ankle if not use a towel belt whatever you can or your the pen leg to pull it up and same thing both stretches. I forgot to mention use thrust squeeze and thrust the hip to push open the front of the hip this one especially also you thrust squeeze and thrust the corresponding hip to push forward that gives you more stretch in the front of the quads right. Guys feel that. So these two stretches it's almost like it's my bread and butter stretches is there another way to stretch that.

Second muscle without um putting too much pressure on the. KN uh. Yes. Actually.

First you know uh the easiest some sometimes people find you know you can you can use cushion or you can do it standing the standing stretch sh we can do this. But the few misconception. I got to you know correct is. First.

I don't want you to have the heel to the butt cuz if you shorten this this much you can't really extend this portion it's this portion of that muscle. I want to be stretched. So you actually. I want to just touching the just kind of almost put the heel away from the body here and.

Then thrust the corresponding hips squeeze and thrust forward squeeze and thrust you feel more right. That's really yes. So that's a milder stretch. But it's more.

P you know more doable wherever you are oh my gosh right. Squeeze thrust when see hip flexors you want to stretch that muscle use the the something called like um reciprocal inhibition you want that muscle not to be activated. So you activate that muscle antagonist muscle that means muscle do the opposite function. So you squeeze your glutes now make sure the hip flexures are not activate they're completely turned off and that also gives you the push to go to mileage to stretch in.

So that's the. First step you need the hip the the range of motion to do the hip flexing and. Second we talked about this about know uh place especially to tomorrow remember. I want you to be a little bit lower at.

The. Landing in the front we talk about to shorten a stride right. Cuz the. First this half yes.

We do want to shorten a stride we want to land like this. So practice a lot with your. Lune position you can deep. Lune short.

Lune to the point that even. I'm just standing sometimes see that's that's mini loue guys see that that's a mini. Lune if. I bend the front slightly if.

I kind of keep you know hip knee kind of lock behind that's a mini lunge it's the mechanics any times you do this you send a signal. I want to be there that's how it's supposed to be and when you do that anytime remember that one leg is behind assuming that hip extension what you do that side of the glutes should be squeezed thrust do the mini lunge squeeze thrust squeeze thrust and when you squeeze and thrust the hips you do you guys notice the core is activated too does that make sense you kind of need both you need both yes. That's the position we're not supposed to be fully relaxed when we stand you want be fully relaxed you have. Li down we want to support we want to be mechanically correct both any for standing walking or running our core and goods have to be activated that's the center that's like the axis you can't have anything object that's standing up that's totally.

KY. Goosey right. You have to have this that's the reason why it's called the core the core needs to be activated that way. So even when you're standing sometimes meing lunge here that's a mini lunge you feel the.

GLS is squeezed active you know app is activated you know supporting scaffolding yes. That gives you neurological you know um feedback to do that and the. Second is the. Next is how do we work the back part of the hip extension the key for this part is actually have more to do with how you do the hind leg is what the approprate do is.

I want the knee to be straight and. Then gluts is activated. So your body weight is here. So try this.

I almost you know repeat this exercise almost every me up because it's that important. So what you want to do is you want to see if when you do this do you feel that moment when you squeeze the glutes and the legs is extended when you shift the weight on it when you let it go do you feel almost there's a elastic pushing to make you easy landing on the opposite leg that's what you're looking for. So the moment when you lean back when you kind of it's almost like your this is almost a little bit like you're sitting on a on a stool that's made of your tushi you shift your body weight on your gloot to from there and. Then let it go.

Let the. Body relax and. Then you just kind of a natural land on the front leg with bend knee. So that's another way of really practicing the running stride there.

So to do this yeah that was good okay. So. Scott there. I see the thing okay.

Let's let's review this one as well let's go back to the to the jump rope everyone. I notice most of you guys are all most of you guys are fine with jump rope let's do the jump rope thing again and watch what you're doing right. With jump roping yeah that's. Scott pay attention do you feel you go from midfoot you press you have that active process of pressing to the heel you don't just midfoot midfoot here midfoot here right.

That elastic that pressing that's what we all need when we land we want to land on the mid foot and. Then press to the heel the only difference between running and jump. R is. I mean jump.

R were right. Here. But. Then running is you land on the midfoot when you press the body is passing does that make sense.

So say here here. So go from jump rope here here that's the only difference. But. I want you to keep that pressing that's why.

I call it's like during the process when you're from mid foot. Landing you want to almost press the heel to the ground and here comes another thing that associate with the shorten the stride we want to shorten the front. The. Stride of the front leg.

So we don't want to land on we don't want do we do not want to strike with the heel right. But guess what the hind foot go for the heel. I dare you nobody can touch the ground with the heel cuz the calf is limited. But your process of going after the heel the.

H leg if you strive at the end while the knee straight to push for the heel you both stretch the calf muscles and you activate the elastic recoil to give you this springiness to push yourself forward does that make sense did you see the difference how you have to treat the front and high leg they're totally different classes want short strike no. Heel strike the high leg we want to be as long as possible we let's there for the heel does that make sense. So that's the goal is every step that's why the running should be every muscle takes turn to contract back and get lengthened maximumly that's the idea of. Ideal for any kind of a sport cuz our body goes through that full cycle coming back if you do that right.

In the ideal world we shouldn't get injured actually also stretching is not as necessary because during the process every muscle takes turn to activate and get stretched you can't get stretched here what else get stretched every step if you have long stride your hip. FX you get stretched how's that and. Then when you come off because you come off still come off. Then the qus get stretched and.

Then when you're yes. Isn't that wild. So. So one one.

So now you guys get that kind of a press to the heel. So now try this. So now jump prob in know we just right. Here.

So split leg forward see if you can especially focus on the high leg see if you can maintain that that little springy you know spring you. P press to the heel hind leg. H leg. I mean you want both like to be worked by this one especially.

I want you can you lock the knee behind you and. Then press from the midfoot to the heel that was good scoty if you have that was good if you add that to the running and that will be and plus your hip you know flexor stretch it out you feel the difference right. And you guys feel that when you do that especially the high leg your glutes are activated right. When you press that especially if you press and you force the knees straight the glutes are active you kind of almost have to activate the glutes.

So is that helpful guys yeah because that's what. I'm saying there are a lot of complicated exercise a lot of things you do. But. I'm here to integrate what you already have does that makees sense it's not about strengthening this it's all about can you activate that was good at the right.

Context yeah. So the only thing for your carry is the high like. I would strive for locking the knee cuz. I want lock yeah that to feel the the stretch for the whole you know lock the knee the knee lock behind always with the glutes activate that looks better that looks better okay.

So um. I'm trying to kind of uh finish things at 10:30 because we're running a little bit behind because we do have a few things concerning this. I will just preview a little bit what we'll cover. Next time you know our future things this is just idea for you guys one this goes along with the good activation because we have two bunion case this is the.

First ball of the foot. I have to say it's one of the most important joint on the food. I usually. I.

I'm a chiro. I do a lot of things. But never adjust that joint cuz. I'm paranoid about messing up that joint that joint is just.

So important that's messed up just a chain reaction how many things will will will start compensate. So when we push off this unless you go back and check your own pattern usually you won't notice when we talk about midfoot. Landing we are talking about see this is the joint it's a hinge we want this portion that's what your midfoot. Landing is about if you're.

Landing any here anywhere here in the front. I mean orange color anywhere here up to the front those are all tow. Landing there is a world difference when tow. Landing there's not enough activation of the glutes see.

I can do this all day long here my. Goods can be completely on vacation. But if. I land here.

So a few things if you land on this back portion of this high and. Second it pushes the body kind of a backwards a little bit it's like if you don't activate the goods you can't maintain it you're going to fall right. Away you have to shovel the goods underneath to be able to maintain that to be able to land appropriately on the midfoot there does that make sense guys try it it's a very narrow window if you see you can everyone can be here forward. But if.

I don't want your body lean forward and the heel low can anyone be here it's hard right. It's hard to do this you'll fall back. But if. I switch my glutes.

Then. I can maintain my heels off just barely off the ground this. I find neurologically also it's just switch for the gluts see this is toll running we don't want no. Sorry this.

I should use this color the pink is what we wanted the pink go this is what we want. Behind. The. Joint.

So that's a bit foot. Landing associated with a heel off. But it's very low off see the differen is and here you can see me that's on the midfoot. I'm kind of trying to illustrate on a walking.

So that's on the mid foot this is on the toe this is on a toe this is a midfoot midfoot is for the switch open of the glut in order to have a midfoot and to be upright. Without leaning forward too much the glutes have to be sh. With. Honor.

I know when it comes running you kind of have to change that okay. I. I mean the ballet how it maintains it it's a little different because they have more of a this dimensional opening. So they can this.

Then this goes to the different topic how we wonder our body is our body is something we called. Uh there's a model called the tensity model it's. So the whole body is you know should be through some kind of tension kind of it's like we're a inflated balloon there should be tension throughout everywhere that's what provide a good elastic recoil to do a lot of the things with minimal effort that that's kind of goes a little bit beyond in topic. So we're doing everything to maintain that all the elastic recoil springing this all concerns that.

But. L daners how they can maintain it they have more of a horizontal. So they maintain a recoil from this that doesn't quite apply to running does that make sense. So they can maintain good function and still have that kind of enough recoil.

I mean do you can't do ballet without enough recoil springing this right. You know be jumping like this and like this you know. You' be ridiculous right. They maintain it in a different uh directions.

But running you can do that unless you're going to run it sideways yes. Then of course. Then you can totally this you can have good plastic recoil this way does that make sense you kind of have to apply things differently and that also. So to yeah to want to.

Spring load here and. Then it's important as. I talked to you guys or. I know a lot of patients.

I have some more knowledgeable patients tells me the natural position for the toes they are 7° turn out like this. I'm like yes. I agree and. Then when you do uh squats you always told toes turn out that's more natural right.

But do you want to generate that elastic recall to have that little tension like the surface of the balloon. Then you do this have your feet parallel cuz that's a little experiment let's try it if you do with extreme pigeon toe and if you just let it the cut of a hand relax you relax your ha right. If you're pigeon to in order to stand up straight what do you have to do did you guys see that did you just feel there's more increased recoil. So.

I'm not asking you to be. Pati to be deformed is a pigeon toe. But if. I put you in something that's kind of somewhat more pigeon relative to our natural body position it activates that makes you like somewhat inflated balloon with that massive you know superficial not superficial layer of uh of uh what is that surface tension and that's the base of the full body elastic recoil.

Hence for that reason. I want you toes to be forward this way because see even toast forward you want to be totally relaxed right. Here do we want to stand like this we don't that kind of is incentive for shoveling this underneath does that make sense. So and that also applies two people squatting.

But that's a different topic you know we can be here like 24 hours and still talking. So. I got to stay focused on the topic cuz you're talking about mechanics that's my passion. I won't ever stop.

So. So is that helpful guys. I hope is helpful we have a bigger group. I wanted everyone to get an analyze we probably didn't have enough time to do a lot of different drills.

But you guys got the key. Concepts once you have that you can kind of device things yourself too some patients make this more of a dancing thing at home cha cha turn on the music. But you make sure the hind leg you know it's really straight like that and. Then you can turn you know change angles you know things like that.

But just really the key is you want feel that body those are the some of the most important principles during that process you're also practicing this too. I. Qui question. So in changing from heel strike where you're actually you know starting with your.

VMO your your you don't start with yeah right. So how do. I get that to fire if. I'm landing on my mid landing on the midfi when you push.

I get that cuz you talked about that spiral no. When you put the spiral is from here to here to here when you push off you come you know that's kind extension of this topic will cover. Next time is you want to come off from this called the. First.

Ray the. First toe and the ever bone extension from that if you force yourself to come all from there do you see my activation of this muscle exactly that's why this is such an important switch both for this part of the quads and also for the glutes yeah guess what you know uh kind of athletes have a good you know have actually the best intuitive understanding of this skiers they a lot of them the good skiers they know how they adjust the big toe position that change the whole body shift in linear that's. I found out back and. I talked to everyone.

But only the skier is like. I know because that's what. I do. So does that make sense and.

Then just add a little bit more is you know we also have a joint here right. I'm going to have do something very unartistic joint. So this is the the. First the the the joint of the big toe the interal joint right.

When you don't hinge on this you're going here you're putting a lot of stress on that joint and that it's to protect that joint there's muscle called flexor hosis lus the toe the muscle that flexes this joint that goes from here here all the way up to the. Deep calf to the. Deep calf and when that muscle con get overused that's one deep reason for a lot of uh kind of in deeper calf problem and deep. Shin.

Spen problems. So. Anyway. So that's that you guys you know thank you.

So much for coming if you guys had a good.
