Title: QsPvoU1QbdY.txt
Video Id: QsPvoU1QbdY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsPvoU1QbdY

Steve what'd you get out of this. I got from. KP how to amplifi the good stuff. So very cool huh with say no.

Pains how good do you feel feel very good you want to do that sure you sure hold that you we started with you right. W your mind except on in a moment not yet. But just a moment distur. CH time.

Str shot. First feels amazing ran pleasure. Second almost gas the. Third time be playing crust amazing sensation just like that noticing that feel right.

Doubling and trickling oo there it is oh my. God that is. So good that is. So amazing that's awesome notice how good you feel wow how good are you feeling feel down good that's called sensation transformation it feels too good now do it he seems to block okay.

What am. I really [Music] doing in a moment. I'm going to count for 1 to three when. I reach the number three the sensation going to.

Sude. But the cool thing is every time. I touch my not it's going to come flooding back. So you can s difference once two three.

So now not. So much have all the r. TR now you do it tou your going beuse that little to depends on your. Con on the environment and the community you're in now what the techniques the two techniques we're going to be working with.

Next are as are elements of what we call waking hypnosis okay. The technique. I just demonstrated is called an eyelock it's very easy here. John we won't do per se.

But we'll just we'll just act it out. So you guys you have an idea. So when you this one in order to make it effective a couple things you got to understand a you've got to be able to hold their gaze steady what will happen is when you hold a look. Here and you focus in one or both of their eyes.

And you hold the. Gaz now what you're going to notice is there will be a little bit of tension that build up in both you and the subject and at some point you will see the scope right. Focus your mind here grab your mind about everything on about as you do that in a moment not yet in just a moment. I'm going to.

Str your cheek three times each time. I. Str your cheek you're going to make a long your sensation you're going to notice that one does feeling with pleasure will the side your body that's right. Noticing how bit you feel two three that's right.

Noticing how wonder will building stronger and stronger and stronger that's cool that's all now not of it ground the room just to give you an example right. You must do the. Second one why because depending on their level of absorption especially if they've seen this done before they're having expectation right. You give them the pleasure and you slowly transition from a pleasurable stimulation into something that might under different circumstances cause discomfort notice how the feeling continues to grow stronger you bring them out of trans do the same stimulation.

So they can calibrate the difference see if you don't if you just do the pleasure and you bring them out of it they may feel something and they may think because they felt something that nothing happened. But the minute you put them into. State you give them pleasure or whatever and you feel something. Then you bring them out of state do the same thing they have a different experience of the sensation and that cements in it oh something did happen right.

Found this out by by accident at the. Last hypnotic training because. I do. I do the eyelock a lot okay.

Um and we had one guy that he saw me do it. I brought him up to do it and. I tweaked him right. And he walked and he was like okay.

He walked. But. I felt some my heart. I hurt him come here.

So you're out of trans now right. Was went right. Oh something did happen right. So oh.

I'm sorry um. So you hold the eyes. And one of the things. Jerry.

I got this from. Jerry. K. I don't see anybody else doing this technique it's it's a really cool technique it's a pure it's a demonstration of pure hypnotic power it's actually very easy.

Once you understand a few basic parameters a be absorbed be certain okay. Look. Here hold their gaze and like. I said there will be a a mounting of tension and.

Then they'll just kind of surrender when you feel that shift you may not see it. But you could probably feel it. Then you start to go into the deeper things you can continue to talk as you hold the eyes. You can't blink no.

Blinking no. Blinky blinking okay. The more you blink the more they have a chance you can you will get you can't blink. But the way.

Jerry used to teach it was you have to practice holding your eyes. Open for like 60 to 60. Minutes or 60 seconds 60 minutes. So yeah fine be that way 60 minutes okay.

But the whole idea is you just hold it wrap your mind around this and you just lock their eyes. I look. I use both my eyes. And look.

At the one of their okay. And. Then you just play with it and you just tell them what you want. I always start some people.

Jerry likes to go into. I'm going to stroke your cheek three times and you're going to feel this wonderful coolness moving into your cheeks okay. They may or may not want to feel coolness. But.

I have very few people turn down pleasure right. And more they bring out more pleasure they get tend to want more right. And. So some point gate.

Theory takes over and all they can feel is pleasure no. Matter what stimulation you're giving them okay. Which keep the eyes. Locked you keep talking test it.

Amplified for them give them some good tweaks don't cause any abrasions or. Cuts or lacerations yeah don't get excited don't get crazy bring them out of it and. Then give them the same level and let them calibrate okay. Now some of you guys have done this before.

So should be easy peasy right. Cool have a seat.
