Title: QT5LcTxNTlY.txt
Video Id: QT5LcTxNTlY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QT5LcTxNTlY

Long enough to become proficient where they can compete with somebody who trains regularly what they can do is gain of over learn a few generic techniques that cover a larger array of situations and hopefully have some way to install those and practice them. So that at least they have something yeah. So when they get bad guys how do you teach them eatable like from the bottom well it really depends because women are attacked differently than men yeah you know. So.

I think. I think having a good a good ground you know at least nothing of work from a guard is probably very important for women teaching them how to not get down there in the. First place. But not.

But honestly they're probably gonna wind up there. Anyway. So you might as well just start in there and. Then and.

Then work on knockouts and very powerful lethal level stuff that they can do. But understand that some of the most effective stuff even if you train a woman to do it she won't do it that's right. She won't do it you tell one if the poke of someone in the eyes. And.

First expression is you yeah see they have to learn how to how to have permission to be aggressive you gotta stop you gotta hypnotize him you got and you gotta put them in situations or that where the gaps they have to they have to fight through that adrenaline now sometimes it's context like the music mama bear metaphor it's guys coming guy's not coming after you he's coming after your kid. Daniels they'll usually get a very strong most people value themselves all right. Let's go rock on ladies. I know you're bonding forget it see how much.

Shen she has see you see how some people have a you know light there's this concept in. Chinese medicine called. Shen you never see this concept in medicine in. Chinese medicine called.

Shen you can turn around and it's and it's emanated from the light under the skin and the light in the eyes. Now if you look. At. Katie right.

Now she's got a lot of. Shen you see how bright. Her eyes. Are she's shedding in the body the more.

First your spirit is bigger than your body okay. And it wants to be it wants to embody. But it doesn't want to come into a body that sucks yeah. So if you're having a lot of anger a lot of fear a lot of pain a lot of.

Terror trauma those are things that the bot the. Shen doesn't want to be there and. So many times when you see somebody who's chronically depressed who's gone through a lot of trauma there'll be a very flat effect to their eyes. There's nobody home the shed is not in the body and that's when the body starts to break down we as face peers were actually changes get a person.

Shen back into their body okay. Sometimes we do that by by getting people to talk about things they love to do yeah alright. Three magic questions is a great protocol for getting people to shed in right. But that's the one of the thing when you see somebody who is being very open and honest their eyes.

We usually people as they start to become more calculating more analytical you'll see the eyes. Kind of narrow right. You can always tell when where somebody's at like her. Shen is her shed is very open her eyes.

Are very big right. Now she's got a very open heart right. Jeff is like. I don't know about this guy very analytical right.

Big forehead narrow eyes. Do the math right. Tiny ears you don't want to know. Anyway no.

Actually the ears there's a huge amount of information that is stored in the ears when you look. At some of these years you want to look. At theirs ears in relation to the size of the head okay. So the ears tell us a lot about finances physical health risk-taking behaviors it could show us a lot about trauma history especially the.

First 13 years of your life women's start on the right. At with zero and. Then they go to eight and. Then they picks up on the state seven or eight and.

Then it picks up on the other side it's about 13. Then it goes to the top of the head and it comes down and. Then you can see if you see if. I can pull up the fascia and for some reason.

I think. I've exhausted the amount of kindle downloads. I can do for my face reading book. So it's not letting me get access to the pictures.

I want. So. I have to look. For them.

But you'll see that there's an there's an age spot an age marker for every year up to about 120 on the face and you can tell when traumas happened by markings at those points yes. What you're looking for our deformations in check like checks and divots let me let me see if. I got somebody who's got a good traumatic year. I got to be careful when.

I start poking at people's ears because. I managed to give a lady to meltdowns in a row. Inlet space of five seconds. TJ knows this because she had to go fix her.

I literally. I was at it. I was doing a face reading training in. Las.

Vegas. I walked up to this one lady sitting in front ago what happened when you were five right. And it was pretty yes. So on the right.

Side is zero to seven for women for women zero to seven right. Side for men left side zero to seven your opposite okay. And. Then do the math on the other side that always gets me confused and.

I've been doing this for like three or four years now and it still gets me confused the. Chinese calendar starts you at zero a year already one year old when you're born. So they start your calendar at conception. So when you're model and this is based on the.

Chinese calendar. So when we look. At. I don't have the picture.

But right. Write it write it here is where you're born and. Then when you come out it goes up this way to seven and. Then it comes across eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen right.

And. Then it comes to the center of the forehead and that kind of zigzags down and this is your 30s this is your 40s 50s 60s and what's interesting about it and we talked about the human neurology. I'll get to the years again in a minute thought. I thought far forgotten yeah it's called an open loop you'll learn about that what you'll notice remember.

I said that the human being is basically a vibrational prism and the reason our faces change is because those filters change our emotions change or vibration changes we change a doctrine or something else that that vibrational data lies outside of time and space in other words it's non-local. So if you're 30 and a mark is on your face at 40 guess what something's coming something's coming. I that. I don't know [Music] something's coming if it's crossing an age you haven't reached yet something's coming and depending on how you unpack it and what you do you will mitigate or amplify the severity of it you will amplify or mitigate the severity of it you can't stop it necessarily.

But you can minimize it right. Yeah okay. Fine just call me dr. David.

I'll compromise dr. Schneider sounds. So pretentious. I'm not pretentious.

I'm a diva. No. Oh yeah my. D.

I know of him yeah yeah does that make a difference yes. It was always wonder yes. It opens your heart he does mm-hmm does the old more information comes in don't change your state changes the state yeah what is that. So pop everything on the face changes your state that's why the.

Russians and. I actually do this in military you learn when you learn pistol combat they have this whole kill room or this whole facility designed for shooting and you have all these sensors strapped to your bow at your body and your face and if you make any facial expression while you're going through you fail the course because they understand that the way the fit the configuration of the face directly impacts your emotional state the. Russian the. Russian the.

Russians and the. Soviets when they were training their their athletes they would they would always ever notice the. Russians ten have you have a very stoic face a lot of that especially for coming from the military or you're coming from the the athletic that's trained to have a very bored expression on your face very stoic expression why because it modulates your emotions yeah right. So the face has a huge amount of impact on your state okay.

Then they train that and one of the things they do things. I love about about. Russian training is. I have what.

I call the system a bitch-slap well let me use. Joe right. Okay. Well.

I'm just. I'm not gonna actually do it. But. I'm gonna all right.

We're there one of the things. I'll do is face training well just sit there and another sit there doing that thank you to get used to face contact yeah okay. It's also a good way to train those pressure points. I was talking about along slap him right.

Across the field right. Yeah. I didn't do that to you. But that's the same energy right.

Cuz you know from martial arts class that's the same. Jing we would use - yeah right. But that you've just watched that's how they warm up the face you know and that's for those of you who are no-nos state control one of the ways that you see a lot of athletes has especially the. Russian athletes as their yes.

They're going into the ring you know that's actually releasing tension yeah because what happens is emotional tone tension builds up in the muscles and what you do is if you can find the frequency of that tone and hit it with that frequency it'll release the tone. So that's what any. Lin the other rush the the ancient. Knights used to do that too if you ever seen one at this strap the.

Qigong people do that you see the lute and beater it's the same idea right. They're removing stagnation which is what they call chi-blocker jerks are stress or cheese stagnation it's the same mechanic it's the same phenomenon they just have a different name. But if you look. At the structure of it the mechanics of it the truth reveals itself people at home questions when they want to like they'll put their head forward if they want to be there they're not they're not the plague by self-esteem issues contrary to what the psychologists tell you yes.

When we look. At at trauma markings yeah you're gonna see me see if. I can. I can diagram this where.

I wish. I had my access to my my. Kindle. But.

I don't. I'm not. I can do it by out all right. Come on up and everybody can get it get it stick your ear in the camera.

So the people at home can see that's on your gear right. Here. So that it was that with what age like 789 10 11 okay. That was that was the year that.

I went into seventh grade back it up we. I went my elementary school. First through sixth class of 35 of us had already completed 10th grade. English and math we were four franglish we were reading novels let me.

Dad call these things seventh grade. I go get shipped 16 miles into the. Next big town for middle school. I go from 30 to 300 they didn't have.

Advanced. Placement for school. So we all got bounced back to seventh grade. English and math.

I was. So damn bored and. I could have lost my damn life and and right. There super prominent that even mom said that was the year that.

I just lost it with school and started diving into other stuff. So. So that those are the kind of things you're looking for also thinning of certain areas you'll see thicker part words it's rich in and. Then also you'll see some people where it'll thin out that's where you can ask of what happened and that's usually like a birth of a sibling or move.

Liam something where they weren't getting the kind of the same being fed the same way emotionally or spiritually that's why it thins out. So think of like the rings on a tree when the thing ring to think it was good rain ten rings not. So good what you're seeing with said if you want to have some real fun with this yeah look. At pictures of people that you know really welcoming parents stuff like that you know their life story and.

Then you start comparing their face to the the charts that we have my father. I know what he went through in his childhood and. I've got pictures where his ears are exposed that's where his mother died that's where that's where and you if you don't believe this stuff now when you start unpacking pictures of people that you know intimately you can one of my friends when we were doing this she was. I.

I knew her ex-husband quite well and. I knew some of the stuff that he put her through also not look. At his picture and. I'm like oh he had a shitty childhood and.

Then oh yeah that makes sense though that makes up yeah right. Oh yeah here's where he got into the car accident here's where you know all of that stuff was there and. So it's another really good way to go through these exercises without having to trigger somebody right. You haven't been yourself.

So you use it more as like diagnoses it's not it's not thinking like what can you manipulate the ears that create changes. I can yes. You can. But you need a plastic surgeon license to do it or you can put a post through it or an earring or something like that you know anything that affects the bony.

Anatomy or structure will cause something to change. I don't know how or what direction. But there is evidence to show that if we if someone's got a big jaw and they're really good athlete athletes and we remove a piece of that jaw segment they they're it impacts their ability to play okay. Lillian tells a story about a kid who had a huge huge cro-magnon style.

Jonathan right. But he was an exceptional athlete like he was being scouted for. I don't know if it was the pros was deathly for college ball as a high schooler right. And for as his graduation again he'd already had a full ride ski got a full ride scholarship he was he was set and as a graduation gift his mother got him some plastic surgery to get his jaw fixed.

So he looked better going to school lost his ability to play football. Oh gone right. So we know that affecting the bony. Anatomy will change you we can't necessarily predict how we also know that the faces and the bone structures are constantly changing right.

Give your before and after your two pictures yeah well pulls out during a break and just show when. Sabo was competing in. MMA you can see his fit house face looked and. Then how he'd how he is now you can see those you can see the time there was a picture.

I'll see if. I can find. I don't know if it's online when. I was really heavy back when.

I had my. First martial arts school in. Coral. Springs.

Florida we talked about a dimple in the chin which you've seen a lot of actors people who will have have a desire to be in front of people you can't see because it's after. I lost the weight you know it went internal. But if you see me with the weight on there's a very pronounced cleft here which that you've seen a lot of actors and people who want to be up on stage kind of a thing she's got one very much. So yeah about changing you know when somebody have nose yes.

I believe. So yeah. I've bonus bone. Bowen is a measure with it what the.

Chinese call your. Jing or your kidney energies and. So anything that affects your. Jing affects your.

DNA and the vibrational counterparts of it in theory the. Chinese the most most. Orthodox schools of. Chinese medicine say you can't make more.

Jing that what you get from your parents is what you get what you can do is manage it and the idea behind a lot of. Chinese. Qigong systems and internal. Ngong systems was to transfer transfer the fuel source from.

Jing to. Qi. So you stop using the. Jing you have and you start utilizing.

Qi which is like a lower octane form of. Jing if you think about it right. Because that renewable. But.

Jing it when their perspective isn't there are more esoteric schools that say it is possible to make. Jing right. But you won't find those in most books okay. And.

I don't know exactly where to find them right. That's. Jing management its overuse of. Jing or not a lot of.

Jing to begin with yeah. So why this meddlers say when you wet your lips you anticipate when you look. Down you feel right. Here you feel the determination spinning inside that's that physiology happens or something.

I mean facial physiology have something to do with. I would say something yeah absolutely do you find any correlation because. I know that's you you were one of his students. So you knew you've heard him saying what your lips and feel the anticipation like just the water yeah what physiology controlling your psychology it's no.

Different than when we do a power pose the only differences we're using our facial or facial gestures and muscular configurations to access it. But it's all the same you know if you were to do that you know that facial feature. But. Then what's the body language of anticipation right.

What are my body just do right. I could just do that and start to generate anticipation or. I could just. But if.

I do them together. I get a whole. I get. I get a geometric you know because everything's cool right.

Now right. The more things that line up the more rapidly you flow in the state and it's always about making things smooth and flowing congruently internally and externally that's what's gonna flag you as incongruencies right. When you get when you can nail congruence you down right. Right.

So just as a rule women start on the right. Men start on the left beyond that conception is here right. At the root it circles to your one two three four five six seven picks up over here notice it skips this area for some reason right. So eight is here nine ten eleven twelve thirteen and fourteen.

So one of the things we're gonna do is when we when we look. At the ear for traumas we want to look. At how big and thick another hi. Katie since you're up here come here since you volunteered one of the other things we want to do is we want to look.

At the purpose since. I was pleased one of the things we want to do is one look. At the overall. Constitution or the strength of the person's.

Jing one of the ways that you can measure the strength of a person's. Jing is in the tensile strength of the air now she's very thin she's very what's the word. I'm looking for not slim. But wiry alright.

So. But if you feel her ear come here ya feel help feel that the tensile strength of her ear. I see how rigid it is yeah feel salvos here now feel yours see how to see the difference she actually has more. Jing than he does right.

So she can actually be physical longer than he can you deep [ __ ] mine's kinda on the. Lucy side that's why you don't see me doing. MMA right. But if you if you feel anything again this is one thing we feel this ear the tensile strength the amount of resistance to being bent shows you how strong their genius okay.

So she has she has. Jing despair doesn't mean she should go out that doesn't just go out and abuse it all right. Let me see you can. I palpate your ear oh he'll feel a difference in hers it's.

Ferengi fest right. No. But she has extremely sturdy years right. Feel hers to the difference right.

Yeah significantly stronger on this side than this side. But still not as strong as. Katie's right. And it's not it's not a competition.

But like seven classes and every time. I send a classy circulars right. Because. I have.

I have like paper-mache ears and [ __ ] man. I'm like. I'm like a basset hounds with the floppy ears right. Supposed to like.

Lassie or the. Shepherd shepherd got the ears sticking up everywhere. I want to be that guy these are people people who have very strong figures recover even from cancer they have a lot of. Jing they can recover they have a stronger innate.

Constitution now the question becomes can they access most people die with far more. Jing than they ever used because they don't know how to access that energy it's locked it's basically in your. DNA right. Now.

Geoff's ears are very small right. And you see how they're they're they're they're kind of flipped over on the left side. So what happened in your life around 8 years old mm-hmm what was going on in life did you move did you change your parents change families or schools get a new sibling that's interesting anything else can you remember anything that happened when he was about he's the. Last time.

Then puberty hit [ __ ] all right. So. But if you look. At his ear okay.

And your size goes to again and it's not too bad it's not quite as wimpy as mine. But as yours a relatively small and and the size of the year many times equates to risk-taking and fear a lot of times and this is how it was explained to me is that a lot of times when people are have small ears they're kind of like little. Daredevils because they're trying to prove they're not afraid and sometimes depending on how soon they learn they they start to overuse their. Jing a little bit yes.

Um we're talking about recovery hmm and. So we talk. Jing within one week even if you can replenish it. I'm not gonna jinx along term.

So yeah your color breathing is gonna go a long way for that those are very powerful. Chi interventions even though they don't come from the chi gong world directly although. I can show you correlates yes. I have them.

But just color breathe it you'll be fine spin it will be fine snake on technically when your mind goes energy flows the question is how do you program that energy to do what you want it to do that's the work that's the work right. And. Then you have to consistently do it it's like the best analogy. I ever found was paper at reams of paper right.

If you take one piece of paper put it on a scale it doesn't weigh very much. Then one still doesn't weigh very much 500 days. Later right. And.

Then 8,000 days. Later and it's significant right. It's the same idea that's how. Qigong works that's why a lot of times.

I'll say if you if you if like you have 100 day cycle to do something and you miss a day you got to start over right. That's classical. Qi. Gong work is that you dudes.

X. Y. Z for a hundred days and if you miss one day you must start the whole process over again it's a fear tactic right. And because they believe it it's true like mm-hmm well that's actually actually helpful because it actually keeps you from actually swallowing undigestible food yeah yes.

Sir what depends on which. King you want access. But most the time accessing. Jing is based on using your talents and abilities talents and abilities things you seem to have limitless energy to do you have lots of.

Jing for okay. And when we can we come to. Golden. Path and we start talking about reading and going back to your original face what we're talking about is reading in in the lines of your face and the changing architecture of your face over time what things give you more.

Shen which give you more. Jing which release the. Jing reserves that you have because those things are in alignment with what you came here to do. So if you go back to my class my classes and my videos you hear me talk about what lights you up what excites you what is the thing you can't wait to do every chance you get those are part of your golden path.

However your unrelated they may be somehow some way it's all connected to one greater purpose. So the fastest way to get access to that. Jing is to get on your golden path the fastest waiting on your golden path is to only do the focus on the things that you love to do that bring more. Shen and pleasure and joy into your body.

But do it intelligently right. I take issue with people who say do what you love and the money will follow [ __ ] because that's presupposes people are willing to pay for what you love to do right. And if they're not willing to pay for what you love to do you're not going to make any money at it right. So you have to do the other side of that you have to do the smart research.

So when. I tell people about getting on their golden path gonna matter. First of all golden path is not a career it may involve a career or a serious a range of possible careers path is something much bigger than that it's a way of living understand it's a way of living. So when.

I teach people about doing what you love and by the way. I'm a guy you're looking at a guy who's found a way to monetize every single thing he's ever been passionate about if. I can if. I can stake my claim to one thing in my life it's that anything.

I've been passionate about anything. I've geeked out on. I've immediately tried to find a way to monetize it just. So.

I could make sure. I could keep doing it and. Then the money came. Later.

I would. I would suggest there's a way to kind of streamline that process a little bit by applying a little bit of market intelligence list the things that you love to do that you could potentially make money on and. Then go and research each and every one of those things in terms of who's paying for it how much are they paying for it how much can you make at it and. Then organize that list of things you love to do based on what makes the most money.

First. Then do that if that doesn't work go to the. Next thing on your list that doesn't work go to the. Next thing on your list you understand and balance your head in your heart and.

Then something's going to hit and. Then he may discover that you may be the. Third thing on the list and you're doing that and you're being successful all of a sudden these other two start to come back in in a way that you couldn't have anticipated before right. It's like when.

I got my when. I got my degree in oriental medicine. I did it to get better at martial arts. I didn't know would factor into spinning.

I didn't know what factor into hypnosis. I. I certainly didn't expect to be cheated up here teaching face reading right. And yet hear it full circle right.

I thought once. I graduated from with my master's degree and got my license. I was done. I got.

I have my fallback if all my other clothes [ __ ] doesn't work. I can go back to sticking needles and people for money right. It's kind of fun okay. Acupuncture proof that stabbing something with a needle can solve a problem.

Anyway. But. I just kept going and. I came full circle right.

Now we're teaching modern versions of manifesting magic. But we're referencing all this other stuff and we can use it in ways we never thought nothing is wasted on your golden path understand that nothing is wasted no. Mistake you've ever made no. Job you've ever had no.

Life experience you've ever undergone is wasted when you're on your golden path okay. I promised some people on the webinar that we would do a golden path in 2020. I let my mouth overload my ass again because if you've seen our schedule for 20/20 it's pretty intense. But.

But uh if. I've enough people who want to do it. I'll find a way to to squeeze one in there we do the face reading class coming up full face reading certification coming up. January 10th downtown.

Doubletree. San. Diego. So if anybody's interested in jumping into the full monty getting a little naughty there that's right.

Well basically matchmaking will be cutting personality and temperament will be going over health and. Constitution and face reading for business. So those would be the focuses will probably do specific trainings on business apps as well as specific trainings on love and relationships again. I have a lot of a lot of plans for this stuff.

But it's just it's such a huge a huge reservoir of information. But. Anyway. So look.

For notches in the ear those are almost always indicative of some kind of physical trauma sometimes it can be an emotional trauma look. For places where the ear thins look. For places where it rolls over these are often places where we've kind of gone into hiding yeah right. There's also you can also look.

At when we look. At the ear. I mean we bring one of these up look. Up big here you can also gauge you can divide the hair into three zones as well okay.

The length of the ear is an indicator of longevity doesn't mean you're gonna die soon. Jeff okay. It doesn't mean that. But if you if you look.

At. Asian culture the longer a person's ears the more like. Buddha ears the more the more product. Wow alright.

Your cutoff the more prosperous you can attend to be when we look. At the upper zone of the ear if the upper zone is bigger this is somebody who's more comfortable taking risk financially than physically. So if the if they have a different choice between investing $20,000 or jumping out of a perfectly good airplane guess what they'll choose a pony up to 20. I'm exaggerating a little bit.

But these are people who are very comfortable making finance taking financial risks okay. People who have a bigger middle zone are much more comfortable taking physical risks right. Let's say. I need somebody.

I can hit me pick me right. Right. When when the sword swallow and the knife throw ask for a volunteer the. First person is deliver.

I'm exaggerating a little bit just for contrast. So upper zone is people who tend to be more financially open to investing and taking risks middle zone is more people who are comfortable physically another thing that's really useful. Stefan let me use you because you're real good example of this look. At me.

Joe. Jeff look. At me nope no. Net pull your hair back for me no.

I think. I think. Pianist bien might be. Ron could pull your hair back for me.

I know all the way back. So. I can see her ears profiled against your head. I'm trying to find compare and contrast okay.

I might have to use myself because. I'm probably the only selective listening looking not human guess. I'll use me alright. Alright.

So if you look. At. Stefan straight on how is your his ears to see. So you know they're almost flat against his head this is someone who's an extremely good listener right.

And he can he if you notice my ears kind of stick out like a lot. I'm a selective listener. I hear only what. I want to hear as a rule mm-hmm right.

So when the ears kind of. Dumbo out like this you got someone who's a very selective listener you got someone whose ears are very flat these are people who can listen and. I didn't say he wasn't stubborn you understand he hears what you're saying he's just not going to agree to it these people only hear what they want to hear right. I understand the difference selective listener you could be telling the truth all day long they never heard you say it they just they just rode it off he hears it he's just saying [ __ ] you.

I'm not doing it. I'm sorry intercourse you. So again when you see people with ears like this be very careful how you talk to him because they may not if they you know whatever idea they have if what you're doing is contra to that they may not be open to it. So you have to be careful how you word it all right.

So. So now. I don't want you to guys once you go ahead and read each other's ears and remember that women start on the right. Conceptions here 2 7 and.

Then 8 9 10 11 12 13 and. Then we'll transition to the face for now okay. And look. At the relative sizes of the years relative zones of the year and and notice and asking questions about it right.

You don't say don't understand don't always say you're this way ask in the. Formica are you. X. Y.

Z or do you sometimes do this right. Make it more permissive and you'll get a lot less resistance and reactance because people don't like to be read easily or they don't like to know that they're an easy read or that they can be pigeonholed right. Their initial reaction is to [ __ ] you when they say it out loud or not that's their that's their reactants apart okay. So let's take about 25 minutes or.

So we'll go to actually we'll go take 30 minutes we'll go to one o'clock we'll come back and we'll start looking at face markers okay. [Music] my ears affirmative.
