Title: qV0oIlpmoFY.txt
Video Id: qV0oIlpmoFY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qV0oIlpmoFY

Hey there folks this is. Dr. David checking in it's about 15 minutes before 4. P.M.

Pacific time. I'm doing my pre-game warm-up as. I like to call it this is where. I kind of log on ahead of time and just kind of give you guys a little heads up about what's coming up uh our webinars especially if you're uh brand new to.

Planet. David our webinars tend to run a little bit on the long side. So you're probably looking at uh upwards of three hours for this webinar you're going to want to need things to write on to write with some uh caffeinated and oxytocin uh triggering substances things that will allow you to retain uh the information and actually uh you put it to good use um. I'm going to give you my little uh what's the weather looking for my disclaimer if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offends you probably not the best use of the. Next three hours. But for those of you who are familiar with how we do things at.

Planet. David we're going to give you some hardcore real world stuff you can take out into the world and use right. Away and of course the better the the better the questions the better the seminar there's three ways you can get your questions answered on this webinar tonight. First one is obviously type it in the chat we are live streaming this from my jet webinar platform through.

Zoom to. YouTube. So there's a little bit of a delay because. I'm.

I've got three platforms working here. So you will get a delay between when. I talk on the video platform versus when. I actually uh speak it.

However the the chat function from. YouTube is in real time. So if you type a question in the chat uh there's a good chance. I will see it now we get lots of people on our chat.

So a lot of times you'll you'll type a question and it'll fly by. So fast. I'll miss it if that's the case just keep typing it if it's relevant to the point in the webinar where we are at. I will answer it if it's not relevant.

I will defer to one of our other question answering processes. So those other two processes are if you are a veteran of. Planet. David and you see a question that.

I did not answer that you have a direct experience with using the. Technologies we teach in. Planet. David.

I invite you to reach out to that person asking the question and answer their question for them okay. That's a favor that. I ask all my veterans to do for me uh the. Third way to get your question answered if if that's not enough if he wants a personal response from me at the end of this webinar when the replay goes live on our.

YouTube channel if you type your question in the comments section below this video replay. I make it a practice of going back over our comments three four five times a day uh every day and. I do my best to answer every single question that. I find in the comments section okay.

So if you do want to question do you have a question that. I did not answer during the webinar type it in the comments section uh below the this video and uh you will get your question answered usually within a day or two um if it's relevant. So that being said um let's see what else do. I have um that's about all for now we've got about 13 minutes till it's go time.

I will be repeating this to my jet webinar and zoom audiences and uh if you if you like what we do here at. Planet. David please like and share let people know we do have a strict uh anti-troll policy. I usually have two or three people manning our chats playing whack control there is a zero tolerance rule.

So if we even think that you're gonna post something that's a little bit uh less than positive or um distracting we'll just time you out or or hide you from the channel that's just how we do things we try to make this a safe space for people to come and learn and practice. But every now and. Then you get people who just want all the negative attention they can create. So that being said this is.

Dr. David. I'll be seeing you full per full bore in about 12 minutes. God bless take care all right.

Folks five minutes to go and. Then life gets interesting foreign foreign hello hello my friends this is. Dr. David.

Snyder and welcome to secrets of face reading for. Fun and. Profit for the. Next 25 uh two and a half to three hours.

I'm going to be your host as we take an amazing journey through the. Art and. Science of. Chinese face reading both old and new you're going to learn how to discover how to how to speed read people in a very short time to discover how they think and behave how they make decisions uh how to influence people and persuade them in the most uh ethical and easy way possible how to measure sexual romantic compatibility their emotional history and.

So much more now before we get into uh the content for tonight. I do have some basic things that. I like to go over every every chance. I get that.

First and foremost is my basic disclaimer if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of the. Next you know two and a half to three hours if you're used to webinars um that run about 90 minutes and all they do is tease you and.

Then say buy my stuff my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff you're probably going to be a little bit disappointed because our goal here at. Planet. David is to deliver some of the most powerful useful and immediately effective actionable techniques imaginable. So if you follow the instructions and you do the things we tell you to do you don't have to believe anything that we're going to share with you tonight all you got to do is go out and apply them and test them for yourself and you can prove to yourself just how rapidly these things work for you.

I'm going to be bouncing back and forth between my. PowerPoint presentation my. OneNote presentation. I'm not someone who's big on.

PowerPoint work because um. I've seen more more good presentations destroyed by people going into the wrong kinds of trances because of. PowerPoints. But because this is such a visually intensive subject we obviously have to have those kinds of.

AIDS in place that being said let me give you a few other um administrative things we want to get out of place. First and foremost you're going to have a lot of questions and. I love questions okay. The better that.

I always believe that the better the question the better the training. So here's how this works for you there's three ways you can get your questions answered today and that's. First one is simply type it in the chat if uh if. I understand you know if.

I if. I see your question in the chat and it's relevant to the point in the in the webinar that. I'm at. I will just go ahead and answer it.

However because there's. So many people on today as. I look. At uh the number of participants flooding into the chat room.

I see those numbers growing faster and faster. So oh there's a good chance as you ask your questions that. I will not see it and that's okay. Because if you if.

I don't answer your question the. First time around all you need to do really is just keep asking it if. I see it it's relevant to the point in the webinar we're at and it won't take us too far off track. I'm going to go ahead and answer it for you if by some chance um.

I don't see it or it's going to take us away from where we're going to go keep typing it for those of you who are veterans of. Planet. David if you see a question in our chat that you have direct experience dealing with using our. Technologies.

I invite you to reach out to the people who are asking the questions and give them an answer based on your experience. I don't want you to lie or pre-vearicate or say. David is the great thing since sliced bread. I want you to just tell them how you took.

The technique used it and how it answers their question. Okay. The. Third way to do it is after this webinar as is our tradition um there will be a replay on.

YouTube as well as on our website in the comments section below the webinar all you need to do is type your question and. I make it a practice to go in three four five six times a day scan through the comments delete anybody who's just trolling or looking for negative attention and. I answer. I physically answer the questions that people ask.

So. I'm all about the questions now our particular webinar format is what we have come to call a free form webinar what does that actually mean it means that for the. First 60 minutes or. So.

I am going to deliver as much foundational hardcore real world information as humanly possible. I'm going to set some powerful foundations that you can start using immediately things that you can just take out into the world and use and that's going to set. Then these found this. Foundation period is going to set the stage for what we're going to do in part three of the webinar in part two of the webinar.

I'm going to put together. I put together a package for you. A lot of times when people get the the. First of those those nuclear chunks of information they went oh this is amazing.

I'm wondering what the whole system can do. So. I've put together a program for you to teach you how to take your learning further. So.

I've been phase two of the webinar. I'm going to teach you how to take this learning further in phase three of our webinar what. I'm going to do is. I'm going to circle back to the foundations we laid in part one.

I'm going to continue to teach. But this time what. I'm going to do is. I'm going to continue to customize the content of the webinar to more precisely what those of you who are here tonight want to learn.

I'll actually ask you what do you want to know about and. Then depending on what the the group consensus is that's what we'll spend time going deep dive into those things okay. So listen if this is the scope of everything there is to learn when it come comes to. Chinese face reading or modern face reading for that matter we've got time for this.

So my promise to you my commitment is. I will take you as far as. I can in the time we have. I will go as deep as humanly possible in those times and.

I will point you in the direction of where to go for more is that fair if you think that's fair take a moment humor me type that's fair in the chat and you're ready to go okay. Go ahead and do that for me real quick cool excellent excellent. So. I.

I skipped this at the beginning of the webinar. But since everybody's typing in there type in your name and where you're checking in from and whether you're a first-time student or a planet. David veteran and by veteran. I mean someone who's been around three months or longer uh who was consumed at least three or four of our webinars if not our products.

So we got we got. Dharmendra is coming in as a. First timer welcome my friend good to see you and how about our veterans type in your name and where you're checking in from. Jax is a veteran she's checking in.

Fair. Edwin. Fair good good good excellent. Second webcast.

Chris says perfect. Jax is from. Tacoma all right. Perfect.

So one of the questions that people often ask is who the heck is. Dr. David. Snyder and why should.

I care. First and foremost. I am in fact an actual doctor. I have a doctorate in uh acupuncture in.

Chinese medicine from. Pacific. College of. Oriental medicine here in.

San. Diego uh. I got my. I've been running a practice in.

Solana. Beach. California since 2005 where my specialty has been treating physiological illness that is caused and rooted in repressed emotion. So while many neuro-linguistic programmers hypnotists energy healers they get things like smoke cessation weight loss um sometimes chronic fatigue things of that nature.

I spent a lot of time on medical referrals and dealing with things like. Parkinson's emphysema. COPD um pretty much any form of trauma that you could imagine terminal cancer these are all things that when you peel back the layers you find tons and tons and tons of repressed stuff down emotions these are things that we've learned how to deal with very very effectively and when. I've discovered the power of.

Chinese face reading as part of my. Oriental medical training it took. My my understanding of human beings to a completely different level and. I truly believe that this is one of those.

Game. Changer skills that you can have. So for those of you want a little bit more about me. I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence this is a a picture from our.

Global gurus page where. I was ranked the number one. NLP trainer of the. Year by globalgurus.org.

I've been in the top two slots for the. Last six or seven years uh and uh what we have here is a pick a letter from our golden. Glo our. Global gurus page saying dear.

David it is with great pleasure to announce that your program killer influence has been named by global peers and ranked the number one best program in the world for. NLP and neuro-linguistic programming. I've been a neuro-linguistic programmer since before. Methuselah strove the.

Earth it feels like sometimes it really was just the early 90s and. I've been pioneering and doing things in that realm ever since. But. I also have a uh a long background in the.

Chinese and the. Japanese in the. Okinawan and. Filipino.

And. Russian martial arts. I've. I've got.

I'm a 10th degree black belt in rookie. Kempo 4-3 black belt in. Xiaolin quintao. Second degree black belt and kosho.

Kenpo. First degree black belt in funkuru. Jiu. Jitsu.

I have a certified instructorship in combat. Systema. Cinco mono. Escrima and modern artist and.

I like to make a joke that. I have more energy healing disciplines that. McDonald's sells hamburgers. I've been a.

Reiki master since before. Reiki was cool an advanced product healer and psychotherapist. Advanced. DNA.

Theta healer certified in the. Bankston energy healing system. I'm working towards my doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine medical.

Qigong. I've been a hermetics practitioner forever. I've been studying convalescence before. Madonna ever heard of.

Kabbalah. So. I'm very much a prima donna as. I like to say and when people hear me go through this they either think they're thinking like.

David you're either the world's biggest liar overachiever you're trying to compensate for something well. I'll let those of you who know me best answer that question for yourselves. But a lot of people do ask me what do all these things have in common and that answer is pattern recognition what does that have to do with face reading practically everything see one of the things that you need to understand about the face is that it's based on patterns of thought and feeling thought and intention and those those feelings have a neurological consequence. So the lines of your face the architecture of your face is dramatically shaped and influenced by the patterns of thought speech and lifestyle that you live in or that you that you embody and.

So as we go through these things we're going to discover patterns you're going to be able to look. At people's faces and see their patterns those patterns will reveal what emotions they're they're doing really well what emotions they're not doing very well what emotions they're stuffing down and all the all points in between. So when we begin to explore the the face feeding you're going to be able to look. At people and know in a very very short amount of time are these people that you can trust in.

Authority are these people that are going to be too bossy are they people that are going to kind of try to undermine you are these people who are going to fall apart when the stress hits the fan these are all questions that face feeding can answer if you're a therapist. I have not found a faster more uh powerful diagnostic tool uh for peeling back people's layers knowing how they make decisions knowing what emotions they're stuffing down what emotions they're not dealing with or avoiding there's. So many different aspects to this um that. I just it just keeps keeps adding to itself and if you understand how to read a person's face properly we'll talk about the profiling uses of this technology what.

I mean by that is you can look. At a person's in um what we call passive profiling which is the emotional health the trauma history the architecture of the face and you can see the patterns they've been living. But you can also do what we call. Active profiling and active profiling is the realm of what we have come to call in modern terms micro.

Expressions sudden small movements of the emotions that when people try to hide emotions or mask their feelings little little micro movements that their face makes this course is primarily focused on what we call passive profiling which is the consequence of a lifetime of micro. Expressions. But we will touch on some things that you can start to look. At towards the end of the weather in part three of the webinar when we.

Circle back and we go deep dive into customizing the content of this webinar we can we can make that more um directly applicable to the places you want to use this at that being said um are you in fact in the right. Place and the way. I often ask this is if you can answer yes. To any of these questions go ahead and type it in the chat by the way.

I have to tell you that if you want to get the most out of this webinar it's really really important that you participate in other words if. I ask a question and. I ask for a response give me that response if. I say do this.

I want you to do that you can always tell who's going to get the greatest degree of. Change by the amount of participation that they engage in okay. My job here isn't to just throw information at you my job is to give you a set of experiences that allow you to to um pull back the the blinds or the curtains if you will of real world experience versus theoretical experience. I want you to have an experience of these things.

I want you to to. I want to change that perspective for you and. I found that when you throw information at people without a way to give them the experience of it a direct experience we call it gnosis um they take that information in and. Then it's just gone the.

Next day. But if. I give you an experience. I put you through a series of processes that allows you to have a transformation once you pass through that door you can't go back to being the old version of yourself and most of us don't want to go back to being the old version of ourselves we like moving forward and becoming the.

Next best version. So if you'd like to become super interesting attractive and charismatic to the opposite sex type yes. In the chat if that's something you would like to have more of if you would like the ability to banish fear and insecurity from your life and move through the world with more confidence and comfort than ever before type yes. In the chat if you'd like to have more money make more friends right.

Have people in your life that you can actually rely on and. Trust far more than ever before type yes. In the chat if you'd like to be able to walk into any job interview and know exactly how to talk to people in a way that gets them the most interested in you and wanting you to fill that position go ahead and type yes. In the chat if you'd like the ability to have people hanging on your every word and find you the most fascinating person in the room go ahead and type that into the chat type yes.

Into the chat if you'd like to be able to fix your own being a technical term which we'll talk about. Later type that in the chat if you'd like to help other people fix their go ahead and type that in the chat too okay. These are all things that are more than possible when you apply the principles of face reading to yourself and to your life okay. My job is to empower all of you to go out and get the life that you want the way that you want it face reading is certainly one of the skills that has allowed me to do that and it's allowed my students to do that we just came back from the best you.

Expo and. I took. Uh four or five of my top people there and we had lines around the block waiting for the faces to be read. They're crap to be fixed.

You. Name. It. We were the stars of the entire.

Expo not just me because. I'm just a crazy dude invest. But my students because we believe that all these skill is. I'm not special all of these skills are transferable you can learn them and when you apply them you become someone who is truly an empowered confident agent of transformation and that's what we want okay.

So if you said yes. To any of this stuff you're in the right. Place now if none of this is interesting you might want to save the three hours and go you know watch uh house or three stooges or something right. So that being said if you stay till the end of the webinar here's what.

I promise you. I will show you the most powerful method for speed reading and profiling human behavior you've ever seen okay. I'll show you how to understand personality and temperament how to track and understand a person's emotional trauma history in other words what emotions are they stuffing what emotions are they uh not dealing with. But are building up in their system how to gauge sexual and romantic compatibility it's actually quite easy when you understand the principles of face reading okay.

We'll show you how to read personality and temperament and how to become a master of people reading and influence once and for all. So my question for you is how many of you um have something specific that you would like to be able to do as a byproduct of face reading today what would you like to be able to do um with this information type in the chat what do you want to be able to do with it we're gonna this is our. First drill by the way. But this is where we start read intent okay.

Eric says what else help others. Diana says perfect. I want to be able to read my audience. So.

I can tailor my training to maximize their results okay. Tell if people are lying. Randy says all right. I would like to know if someone is being honest okay.

That goes back to lie detection detect lies and attraction live better understand what lines on my face mean for me okay. Perfect now here's your. First drill now this is a technique that. I teach in all my webinars um and it's dramatically important because it goes right.

To the emotional drivers that make people do the things that they want to do. Catherine says protect yourself and others okay. We can do that. David says project the.

Persona that. I want good now for those of you who typed those things in the chat. I want you let me go to my um let me go to my uh my one page here and. I'm gonna.

I want to guide you through a process really really quickly okay. Let me share my screen. So this is again. I usually do this a little bit.

Later in the program. But for some reason this feels right. For me right. Now.

So we're gonna do this um oops that's not what. I wanted to share with you one. Second um here we go okay. All right.

So this is my one note this is. I don't. I don't usually rely on. PowerPoints near as much as.

I use. OneNote. So the. First thing.

I want you guys to do is. I want you to write out on a piece of paper the answer. So one of the things some of the things that. I saw um in the in the chat were um let me find a good one here um all right.

Detect lies and attraction. So someone said detect lies and attraction okay. I hope you're all getting out a piece of paper and are following along using your own questions. So this is what you want to get.

So this is what this person wants to get out of this seminar okay. Now under that you're going to ask you're gonna you're gonna type this question what is important about that. So in other words if if this person got the ability to detect lies and. Attraction what's that going to do for them write that answer below that question okay.

You guys follow me. So far type yes. If you're with me. So far and maybe an example would be um.

I know how to deal with people right. Again their answer is not going to be my answer. But. I need to sometimes it's best to lead by example oops right.

Okay. So. I'm going to take that question. So.

I know how to deal with people and. I'm going to ask the. Next question about what's important about that what's important about knowing how to deal with people. So.

I can know who. I can trust right. And. Then.

I'm going to ask the. Next question what's important about that. So. I can be safe right.

All right. So you see that there's we've asked the question three times now what. I want you to do is. I want you to just take a minute or two get a piece of paper write this out for yourself okay.

And when you've done that typed up when you've done all three type done in the chat okay. We've got all three type done in the chat okay. Randy's has done. D says done rent okay.

Good good good now take that sheet of paper take that sheet of paper hold it up um like this and read the answers to the what's important about question just the answers three times out loud to yourself and notice what happens to the feelings in your body after you do it go ahead and do it just do it five times out loud and. Then type in the chat what happened to your body okay. Eugene says got to be more alert. Lance is done.

Randy says calmer what happened. Jackie says centered perfect okay. What you've just done is tapped into less tense more balanced. Eric saying good.

Sanders says done. Diana says relaxed excellent greater understanding myself very good okay. Perfect now let me explain why this is important when you're dealing with humans everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of now everything human beings do is moving towards the feeling they want or away from a feeling they don't want and to do that they have a checklist inside of their hearts and their minds that defines for them what is acceptable and desirable what you have just done is you've tapped into what we call your emotional motivation checklist this is a powerful technique because once you understand how to do this with yourself. But also with other people people will simply do what you want them to do as a natural byproduct of doing this list with them okay.

We'll. Circle back towards the end of the webinar and. I'll tell you how to functionalize this a little bit more. But this is one of the things that if you learned nothing else from tonight's webinar would make you dramatically more influential and.

Powerful okay. So let's go to the. First thing one of the things that one of the things that this goes to is the ability to make decisions what if we could look. At somebody and in just a few seconds from across the room even know with a high degree of probability how they actually went about making decisions do you think that would be a strategically useful thing to know how to do type that in the chat.

But if you think that would be useful okay. Good because that's where we're going to start. So. I've tried.

I've taken a lot of time trying to simplify this for people and. So we're going to look. At several we're going to divide the face up into several types of ways the. First and.

First one we're going to look. At is decision making okay. So let me go to my uh my sharing oops that's not what. I want uh one.

Second okay. So this is our decision making face and this is probably one of the most important that. I don't. I think this is probably one of the most important maps of the face that we have.

I don't necessarily think it is the most important. But it's right. Up there in the top three. So we're gonna look.

At that let me. I just got to get my um oops hold on a. Second. I just got to make sure that my uh my.

Zoomers get uh get access to this as well. So like. I said. I'm bouncing back and forth between.

YouTube. So. I want to make sure that everybody uh has a chance to do this okay. Okay.

So. I think that should do it all right. So. First and foremost let's look.

At this let me see if. I can zoom this in a little bit if you take a person's face and you divide it into three basic zones right. And the place you look. You place you divide is like right.

At the eyebrow line here to the top of the head and. Then from the uh the base of the philtrum or the top of the philtrum to the eyebrow line itself you have three basic zones you have the upper. Zone which we call. Zone one or the data driven.

Zone you have the pragmatic. Zone which is all about what what is this going to do for me and. Then you have what we call the emotional or instinctive. Zone.

So when we look. At these zones if we have someone who in a in a scale of you know a scale of zero to ten their their top. Zone here is the biggest portion you're looking at somebody who is very very driven by data and information. So if you come at these people with uh the idea of that hey.

I got this great product you're gonna love it they're gonna look. At you and go prove it right. They're gonna say hey show me the data show me the studies show me the facts show me the testimonials show me the social proofs show me everything about this product on a data level okay. Now contrast that with someone who has a middle.

Zone that is the biggest part of their face right. These people are very pragmatic these people don't want to know about the data just yet they don't want to know how much they're going to love it just yet what they want to know in no. Uncertain terms is what's it going to do for me right. How can.

I use it all right. So people with a larger middle zone are going to be very pragmatic in their approach to decision to deciding how to do things okay. Now. I don't need you to go and take this on faith what.

I need you to do is go out and test this. I want you to find the local. Tech campuses where you live uh like where. I live we have.

Qualcomm we have um a bunch of other uh we even have an. FBI office not too far from where. I live um and when you when you look. At the people during lunch break you see that the vast majority of them are very upper.

Zone they're they're. Eggheads right. They're very data driven okay. Contrast that if you would go to some place like an.

MMA gym you'll see people with a very dominant lower. Zone because these are the physical zones and that's really what the this lower. Zone here is all about is about physicality emotion and. Instinct these people are very gut driven.

So if you come at somebody with a a much larger lower. Zone with a spreadsheet okay. They're gonna their eyes. Are gonna cross they're gonna look.

At you like what the hell is this all right. I don't want to do that my gut tells me it's not the right. Place to go now this is actually a a very simplistic way to look. At decision making processes and the way most people teach this um you would say what's their biggest zone right.

And. Then you would just approach that way. But that's not what we do because each and every one of us have had times in our lives when we've been data driven we've had times in our lives where we just wanted to know what it'll do for us we've had times in our life when we just trusted our gut or didn't trust our gut as the case may be. So when you look.

At these things. I don't want you to think about one zone. But rather. I want you to think about what is the order what is the order of the zones in other words what's the largest the.

Second largest and the. Third largest right. And this is going to give you the order of information to present. So if.

I have someone who has a basic one two three zone right. This is. Zone one right. Here right.

Hold on a. Second you know this is. Zone one this is zone two this is zone three if. I have a basic one two three.

Then. I know. I need to present the data. First tell them how much they're going to love it all right.

Tell them what it's going to do for them and. Then how much they're going to love it. But if. I've got someone who's a three two one.

I can't come at them the same way. I have to come at them with how much they're going to love it what it's going to do for them and all the data that supports it right. So when you think about these zones it's easy for for people just you know understanding a little bit of face reading it's easy for people to go well they're they're a data driven person. So.

I'm just going to give them the data that's not going to initiate a whole propulsion system. So we want to look. At the the order of what's the you know is there is there middle. Zone the.

First their. First one and the. Second one are they a two three one or. I'm sorry a two one three a one two three what are they and present them with the information that way.

So let me let me go to the chat and see if we have questions on this okay. So. Jeffrey's asking how do you present to somebody who is evil in all three sides great question go with the zone that that captures your attention. First there is something about the unconscious mind uh how many people are familiar with the uh the six dynamics of an unconscious response if you're familiar type type yes.

In the chat if not type no. It's okay. I'll go through them okay. Dharmendra says they're familiar anybody else okay.

Okay. Okay. So let's let's talk about this. So we talked about the six dynamics of an unconscious response the.

First thing we need to understand and this is why we have to learn to trust our unconscious mind your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never allowed and it's never linear when we start doing face reading our our subconscious mind is much more tuned in and tapped in to the subtle facial architecture and and movements of the face. Then our conscious mind is. So one of the.

First things that we can begin to do if we if if we have someone who's very balanced in those zones what part of their face do you focus on. First chances are it will be the most prominent if that makes any kind of sense does that does that make sense. So that's how. I would solve that problem okay.

Okay. Good all right. So is this useful is is. B is is do we understand the difference if.

I have if. I have a person who has a very and. I have you can see on my face. I have an extremely large upper.

Zone um it often often when. I'm doing a webinar because. I have these really sharp. Wings back here my forehead even looks looks even bigger than it actually is because of the depth perception and everything else.

But. I have a huge huge data driven. Zone. But.

I'm also very pragmatic um and and. So my other two zones are also quite um close to balanced really and. So oftentimes what also happens is these people sometimes have trouble making a decision because their their data their their pragmatism and their gut are at odds with each other right. And this is actually kind of verified if you're familiar with something called m-braining technology um they've discovered that each of the different nervous systems of the brain like the the head brain the heart brain and the gut brain each process different types of information and to make a truly good decision for you you need all three right.

Which is why. I'm teaching you the three zones instead of just one if you want to keep it simple just zero in on the biggest. Zone and feed them that information. But the more you bring in these other zones the more holistic they're they're gonna feel about that decision now if you can link the presentation of this information to the emotional bonding checklist that we've just elicited in ourselves we listed it in them now we know exactly how to merge those two things to become even more compelling right.

Now we have a different class that focuses on the emotional bonding checklist. But. I wanted you guys to understand that those that checklist trumps everything okay. I don't mean.

Trump isn't the guy that was in the. White. House trumps is in um being more powerful right. So is this is this helpful is this useful in theory it's oh it's it's actually is quite simple the difference is.

Jeffrey that you. I think it was. Jeffrey the the difference is you just gotta have people to practice with and that's why we do the. Mastermind groups that's why we have all the practice groups our our community probably on any given week has more practice groups than any other training institution on the planet we're we're always getting together we're always practicing we're always training okay.

So. I highly recommend in fact if you if you stay with us to the end of the webinar. I'm going to show you exactly how to get into those practice groups and take your training to the. Next level okay.

So just bear with me we'll show you how to get this the training in okay. So um one of the things that. I love to talk about is when we look. At a person's face there's many different ways that we can divide the that facial architecture the one that.

I found the most immediately useful when it comes to business applications or negotiation mediation things of that nature was the decision the decision map the. Next one we're going to talk about is what if we could look. At somebody and be able to kind of get a snapshot into what is the face that they want everybody to see versus what they're really like when nobody's around the door is locked the windows are closed what what kind of what what kind of person are they and how are they different how do those two faces blend to create a personality does that make sense we could look. At somebody's public mask or public.

Persona versus their private. Persona do you think that might be useful yes. Or yes. Okay.

That's where we're gonna go. Next we're going to look. At public faces versus private faces and the way we do that is we divide the face we divide the face into a right. Hemisphere and a left hemisphere now one of the things.

I want you to start to pay attention to when you apply this is symmetry the more symmetrical a face is the more balanced it is between public and private the. Le the more asymmetrical it is the more we now have a predominance of certain types of behaviors emotions um fill data filters going on. So let's look. At this from a um a public.

Persona versus a private. Persona face and let me go ahead and share the screen here with this. So let's do new share. So stop sharing here like.

I said. I'm bouncing between um different. Zoom platin different platforms. So just bear with me here well away oh there we go uh share okay.

Can everybody see that okay. Hold on a. Second there we go all right. So this is what when we look.

At somebody's public versus private face this is really really important. So if we look. At the person's right. Side what we're going to see is their public face this is the face they show the world we look.

At a person's left side we're going to see their private face this is the one nobody sees. But they're they're very close friends now what are some things that we want to look. At when we judge these faces well. First and foremost you want to look.

At this the relative size of the features okay. So if. I if. I look.

At their eye for example which eye is bigger in other words if they if if when you when you take the. I is one eye more open than the other eye is do they hold it open wider or closed more the bigger the eye. The. Wider it's held open the more open this person is both in terms of emotion imagination in terms of giving and receiving information versus a small eye or somebody whose eye is held very very closed the more closed the eye the smaller the eye is held the more this person is selective about the information that they take in and the information they give out.

So if you got somebody who's got a big public eye. But a very very small or closed down private side you can tell right. Away that this person on the surface seems to be very outgoing very emotional um an open book. But in their private life they're a little bit more suspicious they're a little bit more reserved there's a little bit more analysis going on the truth is a lot of times you'll see the exact opposite of what.

I've just described you'll see that their public eye is actually the one that's a little bit smaller and the public eye will be a little bit bigger right. So. But this is something that we want to look. For is we want to look.

For symmetry another thing we want to start to look. At when we start to um look. At people's public versus private sides is the lines of the face are the lines deeper on one side than the other if a person's lines are deeper on one side you're looking at somebody who's stuffed down and and is holding in a lot of unresolved emotional stuff uh and. So once again we want you know as opposed to just if we have um trying to just illustrate this for you really quick.

So if you have you know the same lines are here right. But they're not nearly as deep you've got someone who's experiencing a lot more and is stuffing down a lot more emotion in their public life than their private life or vice versa. So one of the things that we look. For is how symmetrical from left from right.

Side to left side is the face right. If the face is relatively unmarked here. Then you've got someone who's either really not connected to their emotions or they've they're a. Buddha and they've processed a lot of stuff out whereas if they're and they're really marked on their public on their private side you're looking at somebody who is uh going through some crap right.

So is this helpful is anyone else having trouble seeing the face picture. Mine disappeared um hold on a. Second is it hold on a. Second let me see what's going on no.

There it is can you guys see it now picture was still up okay. Cool. Okay. So what else we got what if the lines are equally deep if the lines are equally deep.

Sandra you're looking at somebody who is experiencing or or in this in this case actually stuffing down emotions both publicly and privately some people can't make a just don't make a distinction between their public life and their private life most of us try very hard to keep boundaries between what is uh open to public access versus what is private. Taryn says helpful. But. I'm not confused looking at the side of the face that is facing me right.

Side is the inner yeah it's always their true right. So if you raise your right. Hand if they raise their right. Hand that's their right.

Side they raise their left hand that's their left side it's not mirror it's. It's. Not. Mirror.

Image well it is mirror image. But yeah it's almost like when we're talking about. NLP. I accessing cues people say uh well what if it's my right.

Side or their right. Side it's always there right. And their left has nothing to do with you is right. Side creative or is left side creative okay.

This is something that my teacher. Lillian uh. Bridges who is the what was the world's leading. Authority on uh face reading put into into her diagram it's not immediately useful for what we're doing okay.

But if you need to see it here it is the right. Brain or the left side of your face is controlled by the right. Hemisphere of your brain that's what that means okay. The left side of your face is controlled by the right.

Hemisphere of your brain the right. Side of your face. I'm sorry the left side of your face is controlled by the left hemisphere. But did.

I just did. I just screw that up hold on a. Second uh let me make this picture bigger all right. So uh yeah.

So public side is controlled by the left brain which is analytical factual and clear the right. Side the left side is controlled by the right. Brain right. So again.

I don't. I don't want to change my teachers graphs. But this actually makes us a little bit more confused what we need to understand really is that the right. Side of the face is the public side the left side of the face is the private side okay.

That's really all we need to worry about. But if you must know. Then um the right. Brain controls the left side of the face the left brain controls the right.

Side of the face and that's how you do that okay. Let me go let me just shrink this a little bit now okay. Tracking that makes sense okay. Good all right.

So what can we do with this anybody have any ideas oh this is the interactive part what can we do with this. I'm going to tell you. But stupid bicameral. Minds what can we do with this well here's here's how.

I want you to think about it this is how it was kind of explained to me uh while we were discussing this in face reading we can tap into their emotions for sure. So one of the things that. I learned uh studying with one of my colleagues. Chase.

Hughes was about the masks that people wear and when we start thinking about everybody you meet is wearing a mask face reading is one of the fastest ways to peel back those masks and sometimes peeling back a person's mask is very useful like if you're doing therapy or um therapy or counseling or something of that nature. But in business negotiations especially people spend an inordinate amount of time creating a face creating an image of who they want you to perceive them as. So in a business dealing you always want to present to the business face the public face is who they want you to perceive them as when you're doing negotiations sales and marketing things of that nature does that make sense. So.

Chris okay. Now if we're doing something like counseling hypnotherapy. Psychotherapy even even medicine for that matter and we need to get to the root of an emotional problem that's when we start to zero in on a person's private face a private. Persona that's gonna also if we're going to get into a relationship with this person you can tell.

So much about how a person is likely to treat you by simple things like the how the corner of their eyes. Um either hook. Or point or round how the eyes. Angle up or angle down uh how open the eye is held these are all things that will lead to giving you a profile of how this person is likely to be when they let you into their inner world okay.

So on a on a 50 000 foot level the public side is something we should use for. Business and. Professional applications okay. The the private site is something we should use for personal applications.

So. Affairs of the heart right. As opposed to. Affairs of the dollar sign right.

It's kind of how. I look. At it does that make sense does that make sense is that helpful okay. So let's review really quickly what we've got now we're going to start to look.

At emotions of the face what if we could look. At somebody's face and actually just start to unpack their entire emotional history in other words know exactly how much joy they've had in relation to how much sadness they've had how skeptical they might be versus how much bitterness and resentment they've been holding on to versus um how nurturing and less than nurturing they might be how bossy they might be are those things that might be useful okay. Cool. So that's where we're going to go.

Next okay. So let me go ahead and change my. PowerPoints around and okay. I'm almost there guys bear with me okay.

So this is one of my favorite maps of the face to me it has been it was the one that truly cemented in just how powerful and how useful face feeding was both from a therapeutic perspective as well as a professional perspective we're gonna uh in part three of the webinar we're going to talk about why detection um and some of the things that we can look. For that might indicate somebody's lying uh. But let's look. At this right.

Now this is the emotional map of the face and we're gonna go we're going to do this in groups of three. So let's start with uh from the top right. Let me just erase some of these lines because as you can see. I use these diagrams quite often.

So we look. At the top right. And when you see a line that starts at about the middle level of the eyebrow and moves laterally towards the temple you're looking at somebody who's got a lot of skepticism these are people that will not say will not take anything you say it's at face value they're going to take everything you say with a grain of salt uh and you got to prove it to them period end of story now if you look. At the corner of the eye you see a line that goes that starts to.

Trend up here this is a joy line and people with these these lines have experienced a large amount of happiness and joy in their life now. I have to be a little bit um. I have to take a moment to clarify when we look. At the the.

Asian systems of face reading a lot of times you will hear the the emotion of joy connected to a pathology of the heart and what that really the the. Chinese conception of pathological. Joy is actually over excitement like. Mania or shock and.

So uh like if you think of somebody who hits the lottery and. Then suddenly they're gonna get. So excited they have a heart attack that's the kind of of joy that we're talking about a pathological. Joy people with this with these kinds of lines have had a lot of happy happy events and experiences in their life when you see someone giving you genuine what we call genuine positive eye contact you will always see these wrinkles form when they smile at you that's what we call a duchenne smile it's a really important uh micro expression to look.

For uh to figure out if someone's genuinely happy to see you or not okay. So. Joy lines start at the outer canthus and they travel and for those who don't know what canthus means it's the outer corner of the eye and it travels upward now if we go directly across to this diagram if you see. Joy lines that start at the outer canthus and travel up past the eyebrow like you see here this a big red flag should go off okay.

What you're seeing is exactly what. I was talking about um about the pathological. Joy or. Mania and that's what this means people with the with lines that tend to travel beyond the outside of the eyebrow tend to be bipolar they tend to have a.

Hyperactive. Disorder to them um they can be bipolar manic depressive um sometimes borderline um. But these people have a lot of what we call. Heart fire going on.

So you have to be very very careful with that all right. These people be up at three o'clock in the morning tweeting you might know some people who have these lines that were famous for doing that right. Also starting at the outer corner of the eye. But trending down now are the negative emotions of sadness sorrow and grief now.

I tend to view these as degrees of each other. But one of the things that that does kind of distinguish them is the amount of time and the amount of processing that has happened someone who is who's showing a lot of sadness lines they may have been very very sad. But they've processed it relatively quickly foreign people who have had um are showing sorrow usually have more unprocessed sadness which is merged into grief usually it's more than one issue right. So if they've lost a loved one or something like that.

But they haven't finished fully resolving it and. Then of course when you hit the grief level you have the oldest greatest. Reservoir unprocessed grief or unprocessed sadness and this is something that. I want you for those of you who are healers and caregivers if you're dealing with people who suffer from terminal or chronic lung problems emphysema.

COPD um allergies asthma chances are when you start to unpack the psycho-emotional um aspects of that disease you're going to find a lot of unprocessed grief loss and emotion okay. So um. I'm going to show you this really really quickly this is a map that. I don't show a lot um because again most people wouldn't wouldn't really um resonate with it too much.

But. I want to just other. Maps here we go see when an acupuncturist looks at your face this is what they see if you'll notice here all of the grief and sadness-based emotions run through the lung to certain degrees now there's one more loss related emotion that we're going to cover in our. First segment and that is called.

Lost loves and a lost. Loveline will start at the inner canthus it'll pass through and it'll win it'll wind its way down like a river towards the grief and sadness lines okay. This is really important because when you when you see these kinds of lines especially the loss all of these lines deal with loss the difference is the. Lost.

Love. Line and sometimes it'll go straight down like. I've shown you here. But sometimes it'll actually wind its way across and.

Then down. But you'll notice it goes through the lungs okay. So you're going to see that a lot of times when people are dealing with grief they're going to have lung issues and a lot of times when you start treating a person for lung issues grief will come up and the reason this happens a lot of times is because there's a disconnect between the amount of time a person actually needs to grieve and the amount of time that they've given themselves. So um let me just pause the the screen share for just a.

Second um. So a lot of times what happens is let's say you've lost a pet right. And um like you take some time off from work and and works giving you like a week or two a week off to to grieve for your pet and. So in your mind in your conscious mind you're saying okay.

I've got a week to grieve well seven days rolls around you're still grieving for the pet. But you have to go back to work. So what do you do you don't have time to think about fluffy now. I don't have time to think about how much.

I loved her and how much. I missed her. I got to stuff that down right. And.

So and you go back to work and every time memories of fluffy come up or or the loss comes up you find some way to distract yourself or you find some way to focus on something else you focus on your work well every time that happens you're adding more energy to that unresolved grief you're stuffing it and pushing it further and further into your system why because you've given yourself a cognitive arbitrary time limit on how long grieving should take and you're not going back in and finishing that process and. So what happens is you'll start to build up a reservoir of that grief energy and it'll come back to haunt you in some way. But it'll also. Mark you on the face.

So a lot of times when we get these lost love lines or when we get these grief and sadness lines we need to be fully present and allow that grief to express itself to come out to be fully healthy otherwise we're going to have to go back. Later using some kind of a technique like classical face reading or hypnotherapy or. NLP or holographic memory resolution and we're going to have to deal with that either at the emotional both in its emotional form. But also many times in the form of a physiological illness right.

That was my specialty for 15 years. So. I want to be very very clear um these lines how these lines happen is we don't give ourselves the freedom to fully process out these emotions okay. Um are we clear there nice recent popular reference does it matter what side the this no.

Most of these most of these lines unless. I say otherwise are bilateral they can be on either side of the face one side or both okay. All right. So.

I have time for two or three more. Then if it's okay. With you. I want to move into part two of the webinar we'll go through to put we'll go through phase two of the webinar we'll talk about how to take your training further if that's where you want to go and.

Then we'll. Circle back and we'll pick up with finishing the map of the face and we'll go into deeper levels of uh face reading that we can do this came up on another one of your teachings what about people with. Botox and fillers people with. Botox and fillers tend to cause um emotional toxicity in the liver and they also tend to freeze their emotional responsiveness there's no.

There is never a good reason for poisoning your face okay. I cannot email you the slides um simply because these slides are copy written to my teacher. Lillian and um. I.

I made a promise that. I would not do that. But. I'm pretty sure if you go on.

Google. Images you'll find a lot of these images out there. Anyway okay. Um.

But also if you come to our face reading training you'll get copies of these as well um yeah people with like again they lose their emotional. Express they lose their emotional. Expressions. But they also tend to blunt their emotions and themselves they tend to actually blunt their ability to express and feel certain emotions.

So again there's never a good reason for uh poisoning your face honestly um in fact when we get to part three webinar. I'll tell you some stories about people who've done very radical things to the. Jing level of their face the the. Bony constructs of their face and have actually lost ability to do certain things um as a byproduct of that people with botoxin fillers are dead on the internet.

I wouldn't say they're dead. But they're definitely more numb they tend to be more numb okay. Um. But you know dead on the inside is kind of harsh.

So we might want to be a little bit more compassionate on that in that respect. Anyway um. So let's look. At some other things that you're going to see a lot of and some of the things that.

I dealt with a lot and. I at the. Expo that. I was.

I just came from we saw these a lot every now and. Then you're going to look. At somebody and you're going to see little little vertical lines right. At the upper lips here this is somebody who is um experienced a lot of bitterness in their life.

I'm sorry not bitterness uh oh um hold on a. Second here we go um over nurturing this is something you see a lot in caregivers um like home health aides nurses teachers daycare workers um moms who have a lot of kids you'll see these little lines starting to to manifest here now there's three characteristics that. I really want to call your attention to one is over nurturing the. Second is disappointment and the.

Third one is bitterness and the reason that we want to talk about these is because when you see these three together this person is on the track to to uh manifesting a and very dangerous illness that that dangerous illness being cancer now if you have these markings it doesn't mean you're going to get cancer. But one of the things. I've discovered in working with hundreds of people and and many different uh healers dealing there's no. Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient.

So what happens is people who have these lines are always giving they're giving and they're giving and they're giving and they're giving with the expectation that they're going to get something back they're they were taught certain rules that if. I if you give to the world the world will give back to the same degree that you're giving. But that never seems to happen for these people or at least from their perception it never seems to happen and. So after a certain amount of time they're giving.

So much of their life force and an energy away they start to they start to drain their own vitality after a while when they realize that all the energy that they're putting out isn't coming back to them. I want to say. I think my my. YouTubers lost their picture hold on.

I gotta there we go okay. So after a certain amount of time these people become very disappointed in life because what they're getting isn't what they're giving they're giving far more from their perspective than uh what they thought they were supposed to get after a while that becomes a very bitter experience and that's when when these three start to manifest you've got a recipe for cancer these people are going to start looking for a way to balance the scales and if they can't find one they will manifest an exit strategy that exit strategy is usually going to be some form of intestinal illness um or something in what we call the lower jowl right. And that's what you'll find a lot of times. So again if you see people with these lines and.

I know a lot of smokers have these these bitterness lines are these over nurturing lines right. You have to ask a question is why they're smoking usually because smoking is a form of self-soothing right. Because they're usually perceiving they're perceiving as giving more to life than they're getting back okay. It doesn't mean they're wrong either sometimes these people are absolutely one thousand percent uh giving more than they're getting and they're really really hurt by it and they don't know how to um they don't know how to reverse that equation uh which is really sad because they don't the problem that these people have a lot of times is that they they aren't willing to change their rules they demit they expect the world to eventually recapitulate.

But it never does and. So they become very very bitter about it okay. Um we'll leave on a positive note if you have if you see a single line in the uh in the lower lip this is a person with a fairly good sense of humor right. They can tell a good joke they appreciate a good joke and [Music] um they're uh they're fun people to be around uh.

Eric says what discipline does this tradition come from this comes from uh the uh. Lillian. Bridges family tradition which is. Chinese medicine.

I believe it's the. Chen lineage uh and that's what. I follow okay. Um questions about what we've covered.

So far any questions you guys good is the biggest thing just getting lots of practice practice is absolutely critical for sure. But the nice thing about face reading is you don't need a lot of information to start putting it to work right. Away right. What.

I teach my students to do is start with a uh the three zones public and private and pick five emotions to look. For every day just pick five and just get really good at seeing them and. Then when you've gotten that down go on to something else. So with your permission if it's okay.

With you. I promised you. I would take you as far as. I can in the.

First 60 minutes. I'd show you how to take it to the. Next level and. Then we'd.

Circle back around to uh pick up build on and found on the foundations that we laid out is that is that okay. To do that uh. Juliana says you mentioned allergies being about grief usually unresolved lung energy yes. And.

Jackie asked does this hold if someone had ptosis since early childhood probably in fact one of the interesting things about uh facial characteristics and. I'll. I'll tell you this in part three was um. Brent bound was telling me about um one of his clients who experienced a severe childhood trauma and when they were and as a result of it this actually happened in utero and as a result of the resolving the trauma there.

I actually changed its shape and that's one of the weird things you'll see when you start resolving a lot of these emotions is that the facial markings actually changed all right. Um. So let's go ahead and let me show you how to take this further if that if this is something that you feel is is useful for you um and. Then we'll.

Circle back and we'll build on this okay. So let me give me just one. Second to move everybody around uh uh see here no. I don't need that share share all right.

That's one that's one screen share down one more to go uh here we go all right. So everybody's on the same page again and with your permission. I'd like to share with you a special package that. I put together and this is designed to help you take your face reading skills to the.

Next level it's actually one of the best packages we've ever offered and this is called the face reading for. Fun and. Profit how to read anyone instantly home study course this is a package that we put together specifically to help you learn the ins and outs of face reading at home and give you the ability to rapidly create powerful personality profiles of people in literally 90 seconds okay. It's about learning how to understand yourself and take your life to the.

Next level how to read people instantly predict their behavior to help people raise themselves up including yourself to get clear emotionally mentally physically and financially to feel more confident and more powerful and literally win the game of. Life by understanding yourself and other people okay. So here's what we put together this this offers good for today. March 8th 2023 it expires at 11 59 pm and what it's going to include for you is the uh sequence of face reading home study course it's going to teach you how to assess personality and temperament the.

Discover the thinking and decision-making styles of human beings how to use. Then unlock people's emotional traumas and help to resolve them to discover. People's management styles do they actually respond well to. Authority are they people that you can trust as part of a team do these people need to work better on their own uh what are your sexual and romantic compatibilities certain facial characteristics are uh antagonistic to one another certain facial characteristics are complementary to one another we'll show you how to kind of look.

At a person's face and figure out is this person going to be a good fit for me is it going to be are these two people going to be fits for each other we'll show you how that works. So you can begin to rapidly profile people and really make some serious understandings of the humans in your world it's going to give you the ability to manage money and resources certain facial characteristics lend themselves to accumulating and managing money some people are good at taking. Financial risks some people are not you can actually look. At a person's face and figure out this person can handle money this person is able to save and build wealth this person tends to spend a lot there are certain facial characteristics that lend themselves to those kinds of behaviors you don't have to believe it you just have to read it okay.

You'll learn how to understand yourself better and how to really connect with people and that's something. I want to warn you about when you start to do face reading and you become a face reader everyone around you will find you absolutely fascinating and charismatic now that's a double-edged sword if you want to be popular and if you want to have people hanging on your every word and have and be able to influence people it's tremendous if you're someone who doesn't always like to be the center of attention you may need to dial it back and not let everybody know that you're good at reading faces okay. Also the the power of your word becomes tremendously more influential um for some reason there's this weird. I.

I the only thing. I can call it is an. Attunement. But there's some weird vibrational transformation that happens in people when you become a face reader that makes people hyper responsive to the things you say and do with regard to face reading they become super super influenced by you.

So again as an influence amplifier this is one of the most powerful things. I've ever discovered it's not something. I talk about to the degree. I'm talking about it right.

Now um because most people want to know how to read people. But one of the side effects of this is you become amazingly authoritative in a person's world and it's a power that you need to really use with some respect. But this is what the program's about this is what it'll do for you okay. If you want to be the most fascinating person in the room if you never want to be fooled again if you want to be able to look.

At somebody and know with a high degree of certainty this is this is the kind of person. I'm dealing with this is what the most likely to do in certain situations do. I trust these people with the things. I want to trust them with this is where face reading can give you a distinct.

Advantage it's a 1997 value and it's just the very beginning because we put together one of the most comprehensive packages. I've ever seen to teach you how to do this all from the privacy of your own home and give you access to special practice groups that'll let you do this if you grab your package today before the end of the webinar we're going to include these special bonuses as well you're also going to get one of my most powerful influence and profiling courses ever in 2022 this this course defense against the dark arts was named the number one. NLP training program in the world in 2020 in 2020 it was killer influence this is based on the killer influence curriculum. But it's focused specifically on personality profiling how to how to pre speed profile and influence encounter manipulation tactics in other words how do you spot the evil doers of the world how do you figure out who the good guys are from the bad guys how do you counter their tactics how do you protect yourself from them it was ranked the number one.

NLP course in the world of 2022 it's a 4 4576 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free in order to round out your face reading training. So not only will you have the complete face reading level one certification you're also going to have all the other behavioral profiling tactics that go with this okay. Things like how to think like a master of influence how to control your psychomotional state. So no.

One else can power. Rapport skills for connecting with anyone anytime anywhere irresistible hypnotic language patterns that you can deploy at the drop of a hat to stop people from influencing you and to influence people in the direction you want them to go how to manage your emotional state in the states of others at will how to hijack or keep your your own internal. Behavior code from being hijacked and how to emotionally. Bond anyone's deepest desires.

But we're not going to stop there you're also going to learn how to do the fundamentals of lie detection on demand the master keys for how to influence and read anyone anytime anywhere we're going to give you the speed profiling sequence for preventing. Predators from getting their hooks into you in the. First place we're going to teach you the victimology and the personality of these people. So that you can spot them before they have a chance to get past your guard and and create taproots in your life we're going to teach you about predatory psychology how it works and how to turn the tables on narcissists and other persuasion.

Predators a lot of you guys were asking me earlier about how to actually catch people in lives protect yourself from being manipulated this is what allows you to rapidly turn the tables on it the face reading gives you the ability to create a very powerful profile the tactics of defense against the dark arts allows you to actually do something about what you see based on what the people in front of you are actually doing in terms of their behavior. So one gives you the ability to spot the other gives the ability to actually change things and make things happen right. We're going to teach you about the the 14 hypnotic reframe techniques for winning arguments and keeping yourself from being gaslighted we're going to teach you the 21 conversational red flags of narcissists and sociopaths these are 21 distinct linguistic tactics that people who are high on the narcissistic and sociopathic spectrums. Express whenever you call them on their or you they uh they use to avoid taking responsibility for things once you understand these 21 red flags you'll be able to flag people instantly before they have a chance to become a permanent part of your life and wreak havoc on you okay.

How to instantly spot micro expression changes in subtle cues and we're going to give you the complete killer influence mind control. Manifesto. It's a 240 or 215 page manual to 418 value total value on this is 4576 you're going to get it absolutely free it's a total combined value of six thousand five hundred and seventy dollars seventy three dollars. But we're not done yet okay.

We're also going to throw in one of the most powerful transformational programs we've ever created this is called the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course one of the things a lot of you are asking in the chat was can. I use this to change my life can. I use this to help myself this is how you do it this is the program that we teach people people to go in and systematically restructure the building blocks of personality and identity it's going to teach you how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind to release all the negative emotions you didn't even know you had how to hypnotize anyone anytime for any reason how to remove the blocks and limiting beliefs buried in your unconscious how to find and remove hidden negativity how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away how to change the crappy voice inside your head.

So that it builds you up instead of tearing you down how to resolve the negativity from your past. So that when you look. Back on the past you only see it in way and you only remembered in ways that make your life better and. Finally we're going to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people you truly admire and want to be like all at the same time this is one of the most powerful transformational programs we've ever created and it has literally changed the lives of tens of thousands of people all over the world and this is designed to help you when you start unpacking your face to give you the tools that you need to transform those negative emotions and recreate yourself in the form of the person you want to be instead of the person's.

Society culture education conspired to make you okay. And when you apply this for other people you can now develop a powerful income stream for yourself helping other people take their lives to the. Next level it's a 1597 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free as well if you did all the numbers up to this point you'd be looking at eight thousand one hundred and seventy dollars. But we're not stopping with just identity by.

Design we're also going to include one of my favorite programs once again this is called people reading for. Fun and. Profit whereas face reading is all about what you see in a person's face and the shape of their head people reading for. Fun and.

Profit is all about what the rest of the body is doing what are they doing with their hands what are they doing with their posture what are they doing with their liens and their foot orientation their gestures how do all these things come together to form a more incomprehensive profile and it leads you into what we call. Active profiling now this is going to tell you what people are thinking and feeling and doing in the moment when you look. At their face and you do the passive profiling you see their history you see what they've a lifetime of micro. Expressions a lifetime of behaviors right.

The result of of the way they've been living when you're using people reading skills you're looking at what they're doing in the moment how are they coming across what are they trying to hide from you what are they not trying to hide from you what do they want you to perceive versus what are they trying to to move you away from these are all things that people reading for. Fun and. Profit will help you to uncover it'll help you understand the body language of. Attraction and what it's not to detect lies and other deceptive behaviors to influence people without word this is really a powerful powerful piece because.

So much of the influence that you wield is actually based on what you don't say. But what you do with your body right. How to protect charm and confidence and. Charisma on command how to understand women better if you're a guy how to understand men better if you're a woman how to dress for success there are seven different levels of social status and the dress level that you embody creates tremendous amounts of power and authority in the people around you we're gonna in this particular course we go through those six or seven levels.

So that you know exactly how to dress to impress the people not necessarily what kind of uh you know what colors you should wear or things like that. But just knowing what's the status difference between a pair of jeans and a pair of khakis right. What's the status difference between a tuxedo and a uh a business a three-piece business suit where do they fall in relation to one another which one trumps the other right. What's appropriate versus not appropriate that's what the levels of dress are about how to eliminate behaviors that weaken your influence and how to close more deals and get more sales and dates right.

It's very powerful it's one of the coolest courses we've gotten it's been one of our most popular we're going to throw this in it's a 1497 value it's yours absolutely free the total combined value is nine thousand six hundred and seventy seven dollars. But as you can probably guess to quote. Ron. Popeil.

But wait there's more right. Let's review what we've got. So far though we got the secrets of face reading home study course it's valued at 1997 we've got the speed profiling defense against the dark arts um protect yourself against the bad guys uh home study course it's a 4576 dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to throw in the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course this again is going to allow you to go in and fix the stuff you find to get rid of the grief and the bitterness and the anger and the resentment and all the other things we're going to talk about in part three of this webinar if you see it on your face you can get rid of it with this course if you see it on other people's faces and they actually want your help you can help them to get rid of that stuff too that's what's.

So cool about the integration of all these. Technologies not only can you spot it. But you can help fix it it's amazing okay. You're gonna show we're going to throw in the people reading for.

Fun and. Profit two-day intensive absolutely free it's a 1497 value if you look. At everything you're looking at a total combined value if you were to go to our website. David snydernlp.com and try to buy this individually you'd be looking at a total of nine thousand six hundred and sixty seven dollars.

But we're not stopping there for those of you who are truly committed to taking your life to the. Next level who want to be able to read people and actually make a difference in your life and the lives of others we want to give you the best deal humanly possible. So you're not going to have to pay nine thousand six hundred and sixty seven dollars. I wouldn't even dream of doing that to you right.

I'm not even going to charge you six thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars nor am. I going to charge you 5 397. I'm not even going to charge you 33.97 although you can see now that it's probably worth a whole lot more than 33.97 right. I'm not going to charge you that much either why because.

I want you to make a change. I want you to level your life up. I want you to have access to these skills. So you're not even going to have to pay 2 397 not at all for those of you who are serious and only the ones who are serious who want to take their life to the.

Next level gain access to these tools and a whole lot more you can get it all for a low one-time investment of just one thousand four ninety seven fourteen ninety seven or if you need to you can break that up into four easy installments of just 397 each that's right. Just 14.97 gets you everything that. I've just talked about it also get and if you need a little extra help my my amazing administrative guide is. Stephanie can break that up into four easy installments of just 397 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face f-a-c-e.

David. Snyder nlp.com forward slash face click the link to reserve your spot uh www.davidsnider nlp.com forward slash face now some of you may be saying well. David wait a minute. I mean this is all this is a cool value this is awesome stuff.

I love what you're learning. But how do. I know this will work for me how do. I know that that this is going to be you know worth my investment it's real simple you have nothing to risk take the course now use it for 60 days if at the end of 60 days you're not on the fast track to understanding people better clearing up your helping them clear up the of other people if you're not able to get snapshots and instant profiles of people's personality and temperament if you're not attracting more success as a byproduct of this and if you're not manifesting your dreams and feeling more secure and confident or powerful in your ability to understand people and yourself to stay safe to detect lies to know who to trust and who you can't if you're not on the fast track to winning any social encounter being the irresistible in the center of attention like.

I said you would be pick up the phone give me a call or my administrative guy is. Stephanie send us an email we'll give you a full refund if after 60 days you're not getting the value we're talking about you get all your money back right. If you if it's not working for you we don't want you we don't want your we don't want your uh tuition and we want you to find something that works better for you. But.

I guarantee you we've undersold and we've under promoted what these things are going to do for you don't believe me talk to the veterans of. Planet. David who are certified in face feeding who have who went to the. Expo.

Last week and just blew people away the people who are at home who've done these webinars and who who've spent time in. Planet. David this will change your life in a way no. Other set of skills ever could it's powerful and you absolutely have nothing to risk if you're not 100 satisfied we'll refund every single dime all you got to do to grab yours now before they're all gone is go to www.davidsnidermlp.com forward slash face it's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward f-a-c-e grab yours right.

Now before they're gone now for those of you who are action takers for those of you who want um to take your life to the. Next level. I always try to reward people who are willing to step up and commit to making a change. So for those of you who are rapid action takers.

I'm going to throw in some other amazing free bonuses for you if you grab your course before. I log off the webinar today now these course the one the things. I'm about to share with you are only good until. I log off the webinar when.

I go away. So do these bonuses. But if you grab your course now before. I log off the webinar.

March 8th 2022 at 11 59. PM. I'm going to give you the following fast action bonuses these will take your whole your your experience and your ability to do this to an entirely new level you won't believe what your life is going to be like after this. First and foremost.

I told you one of the things that kept coming up in our uh in our discussions earlier was do we need practice do we need practice how can we practice is this very practice intensive and the answer is yes. A hundred percent. So what we've done is we've given you the one thing that you've said you wanted we've given we're giving you right. Here the opportunity to practice this stuff and anything else you want to learn in.

Planet. David for a full three months this is the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring.

Practice. Group and archive the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring.

Practice. Group and archive has been the longest running self-help. Practice. Group uh in the.

NLP and hypnosis world that. I know of it's been running non-stop since. October of 2010 on the. Third.

Saturday of every month we get together and. I literally go around the room and say. John what do you want to learn. Seth what do you want to learn.

Jeffrey what do you want to learn. James what do you want to learn. Heidi what do you want to learn. Jessica what do you want to learn uh.

Dharmendra what do you want to learn and. I literally write those things on the board. I step back. I look.

At where all those things meet and interconnect. I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next three to six hours. I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep and face reading is one of the things that is absolutely on the agenda for those trainings we've done that every single.

Saturday uh every. Third. Saturday of the month every month for the. Last 12 going on 12 years now okay.

You're gonna get a three-month trial of this program you come in on the. Third. Saturday of every month. I'm going to go around the room.

I'm going to find out what it is you want to learn what you want to know about. I'm going to incorporate what you want to know about into the lesson plan and we're going to do those drills on the spot until you can do them in your sleep you will not get a certificate from the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program what you will get is a skill set the ability to go out and do these things on demand anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason.

But that's not even the best part cool as that is you're also going to meet hundreds of people just like you all who want to learn and practice and get better and. So many people form practice groups outside of the regular meeting there's at least three or four a week that. I know of from people in our group running independent projects. Christine.

Sutton runs one. SD runs one. Holly. Bigelow runs one every now and.

Then uh. Heather runs one there's a lot. I run them you know people get together all the time and practice and that's one of the beautiful things about planet. David is that you have support you have people who actually want to do the things you want to do and.

So you have people to do them with you don't feel like a weirdo talking about this stuff now if that wasn't enough we're also going to give you unlimited access to the 11-year video archive yes. 11-year video archive we have videotaped every single training session since. October of 2010 and we have archived that video footage in a space on our. Facebook.

Groups in our private. YouTube channel on some of our websites you will have complete access during your 90-day trial to the entire 11-year archive stuff that has never seen the light of day on. YouTube has never been featured in a product uh and it covers anything you can imagine from face reading to therapy to regression to. Law of.

Attraction. Advanced. Energy psychic self-defense neuro-linguistic programming language patterns dating attraction marketing you name it if it has something to do with the mind and the body energy and spirit it's probably in there right. And you get to binge watch all that content to your heart's content for a full 90 days if after 90 days you decide you want to stay we'll show you how to do that if after 90 days you decided you're going to take your skills and go out into the world and make your way on your own that's not it's not a problem right.

This is yours absolutely free it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you free this one bonus can make all the difference in your life. But don't take my word for it talk to the people in the chats. Next to you the veterans of. Planet.

David the people who actually come to the amas and the. LA and the and the masterminds who actually do that are able to do the drills and get the skills right. It's a total value. So far if we look.

At what we've got it's 11 664 dollars. But we're not going to stop there for those of you who grab your package now we're also going to include face reading level two this is this the the conclusion to the face reading level one program and it picks up we're face reading one left off it shows you that and it goes back over some of the features that were not covered in the level one class it goes deeper into aspects that were covered in level one and. Then it shows you other sides and aspects of the face that are largely not as important until you have a basic understanding of how to read face shapes and things of that nature this picks up and fills in all the gaps shows you how to create a full and complete personality profile of a person again in as little as 90 seconds and really go from uh from the forehead or the hairline all the way down to the chin line you can look. At the profiles you can see how things work together and create a much more comprehensive personality assessment of the people you can also learn how to look.

At traumas you can learn how to look. At histories in the face things of that nature again it's focused on personality and temperament. But it lays the foundation for even more advanced training it's a 1000 997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free. So if you look.

At everything we've talked about. So far if you add up all the numbers it's 13 661 of amazing material things that are going to absolutely transform your life if you actually get off your butt and use them. I'm good at what. I do.

I love the things. I do. But. I can't multiply zeros if all this stuff is going to do is going to sit on your your hard drive or on your bookshelf and collect dust don't don't click the link right.

But if you actually want to use this material to get out there and make some powerful changes and. Transformations click that link right. Now because you deserve it right. You're the people.

I want to help we've never released this um much to the public. So again this is one of the fewer the more rare courses that you'll get. But we're going to give it to you as a free bonus okay. So.

Finally for the. Next 25 people to grab this course right. Now today for those of you who are really serious about becoming an excellent master of face reading we're going to do the one thing that makes all the difference in the world we are going to give you a free. VIP bonus ticket to our.

Next face reading live certification boot camp. April 13th through the 15th 2023 in. Dallas. Texas this course is going to cover all of the classical.

Chinese. Jing trait and. Jing training that we. I would.

I got when. I originally taught trained with my teacher. Lillian. Bridges we're going to talk about trauma assessment we're going to talk about blockages to energy we're going to talk about risk-taking behaviors we're going to talk about how to read people's personality and profile by the markings on their face we're going to talk about the emotion map we're going to talk about decision making strategies we're going to talk about uh public versus private we're going to talk about things we've never talked about in any of the other face reading courses because they have more to do with classical.

Chinese face reading than they are with personality profiling. So for those of you who want the stuff. I was taught the way. I was taught it.

I invite you to grab your package now join us in. Dallas. April 13th through the 15th we'll teach you how to instantly read previously personality. But also their constitution lifestyle and temperament we'll show you how to look.

At a person's birth history and when they're you can actually look. At a person's ear and figure out when their siblings were born you'll be able to look. At um um traumas they had when they were children you'll be there's. So much to what's going on here.

I can't even begin to to talk about all the things that you'll be learning okay. But you'll understand how people think and feel and behave you'll be able to measure their sexual romantic compatibility how their current state of physical and mental health actually is you can actually look. At their face and diagnose the state of their organs if you're if you're someone who's qualified you know in scope of practice you can do it without the scope of practice. But you can't actually pronounce a diagnosis that makes any kind of sense.

So we'll tell you what you can and can't do in terms of legalities how to uncover and resolve forgotten trauma stuff they didn't even know they had you will literally see as a byproduct of this training face is changing right. In front of you as you help them unpack the markings of their face and resolve them by reframing them and and helping them vent those emotional charges it's like science fiction. But it's literal magic okay. You'll be able to know how people think and feel and make decisions.

So much more it's a live event three days in. Dallas. Texas with me. April 13th through the 15th to 2750 value we're gonna give this to you absolutely free okay.

This is the one thing that you will always you can always take to the bank and. Planet. David is that if you want a certification from me you got to put your ass in the chair you got to get your butt in the seat and you got to do the drills and get the skills right. You can buy all the video products you want.

But if you want a certification you got to prove to me you can do this and that's how you do it right. There that that free ticket right. There is your is your golden ticket to getting the life you want the way that you want all you gotta do is click that link and get that. VIP super ticket and.

I'll see you in. Dallas and at the. Next. Mastermind which is coming up very very soon total value if you were to try to buy all these things individually is sixteen thousand four hundred and eleven dollars.

But we're not going to charge you that you're not gonna have to pay that you can get the entire secrets of face feeding home study program 1997. Value. Plus defense against the dark. Arch four thousand five hundred seventy six dollar value we're gonna give that to you free identity by.

Design home study course one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give it to you free we're going to give you the people reading for. Fun and. Profit home study course 1497 value we're gonna give it to you for free you're going to get the. NLP.

Mastermind mentoring our program and archive 1997 we're going to give it to you for free we're going to give you face reading for. Fun and. Profit level two one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollars free and. Finally face reading uh for.

Fun and. Profit uh classical face reading three-day certification boot camp it's a two thousand seven hundred fifty dollar value. April 13th through the 15th live in. Dallas.

Texas we're going to give that to you free now let me explain a little bit about our. VIP ticket program. So you can understand this let's say something comes up at the. Last minute and you can't use that ticket all you got to do is pick up the phone let.

Stephanie know we'll move you to another training. Next time we do this face reading class you'll get a front row seat let's say you don't think you can come to the training and the training sells out which is gonna right. But at the. Last minute your schedule frees up and you can make the event all you got to do is pick up the phone let.

Stephanie know we'll make a seat for you because you have a. VIP ticket. VIP means very important person you're important to us. So even if that training is sold out and you can't come to the.

Last minute we will make a seat for you okay. Let's say we were in another year we raise the price you're you have a price guarantee you will never pay more for your to your training right. That ticket is yours until you use it if you have somebody else who you think can use this ticket more than you you can gift that ticket to them okay. It does not expire if it takes you five years to come to an event with this ticket that ticket is still good five years from now okay.

There's a lot behind these. VIP tickets they're worth their weight in gold truly right. If you want to get good if you want to become the master face reader you deserve to be if you want to have the ability to move through the world and understand yourself and the people around you from a much higher place a more enlightened perspective all you got to do is click the link www.davidsoniderenlp.com forward slash face you can get it all to sixteen thousand four hundred and eleven dollar value you get it all for one low installment of just 14.97 if you need to break it up into four easy installments of 397 each and you're glowing you're golden just click that link www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face one more time with feeling click the link click the link www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face that being said we're going to take a five minute break or a seven minute break while you guys do that when we come back we're gonna pick up where we left off with the uh the map of the face okay. And uh and uh we'll go deeper into the things you want to know specifically about we'll take it in we'll answer any of the questions that you have and we'll go from there all right.

I will see you very very shortly all right. Guys. So we've got a few minutes and um. I see a lot of questions.

So while you're clicking those links and we got a few minutes left on our break. I'm gonna go ahead and answer any questions that you have go ahead and type them in chat and uh we'll go from there foreign you can hear me type it in the chat cool all right. So while while we're on our break if you guys have any questions. I can answer those before we get back to the main the main content of the webinar looks like looks like people are clicking them links getting an echo okay.

I'll try to there is an echo oh no. I wonder what's going on with that. I wonder if it's because. I clicked the mute button all right.

You guys have any questions about an echo to the extreme. Echo technique to the extreme. John is saying well maybe all right. Not sure what's going on there let's try with unshare start video share screen let's try that okay.

So is there still an echo. So. Nancy's asking lines across the whole forehead lines that extend across the for the forehead um usually indicate things that happened in your 20s to 30s or their teens to 20s and they usually are about life lessons and. So.

I was taught that when the line completes do this here. I was taught that when the line completes itself that indicates. A. Life.

Lesson that you've you've finished processing uh when the line is broken. So like maybe it goes this way and. Then there's a gap and. Then it starts again it tends to indicate a lesson that you're still in the process of of mining for the gold.

So to speak right. So um when we come to the when we come to the gym class in. Dallas we're going to talk a lot about. Jing.

Jing blockages trauma blockages emotional blockages um the. Jing training which is really the the very. First course. I ever took.

Uh was really all about looking at somebody and really extrapolating their lifestyle and. Constitution what's what's really going on with them on a deep physiologic what they call the. Jing level um and. So.

I've got two basic silos of face reading that. I teach one is the the classic that we're that. I'm teaching you now um no. F it's not necessarily the liver um in fact you usually see the health of the liver either in the temple or the eyebrow bone itself the eyebrows and the eyes.

Okay. But we'll cover those those are the things will absolutely be going deep dive into um in the. Dallas training in. April okay.

Let me see what else is in the in the chat here. Juliana can you hear us now oh. Joanna says sound is mine. So.

Kate is saying. I understand using their learning method. But to see one's pain oh yes. Well well again when uh when we pick up back in phase three which we're going to do in about a minute um we're going to show you exactly where to look.

On the face uh and by the way everything a lot of what. I've shown you. So far is actually our forms of pain that people are carrying around locked inside of them they're it's pain that they have in to a large degree stuffed and dissociated and are in denial of and that's those are the things that actually lead to disease right. Like.

I said before my my specialty for 15 years was physiological illness caused by repressed emotions psychosomatic psycho-emotional illness the studies all show that 99 of all chronic illness is related to some early memory based event it's called the ace study you can type the adverse adverse reaction to. Childhood experience adverse childhood experiences studies of what it's called you start by you start by actually noticing the feature discussing the feature and watching their shed you watch their. Spirit we'll talk about that a little bit um in part three okay. So one of the ways that.

I. I used to call face reading. Chinese vibrational. Psychotherapy largely because one of the natural byproducts of talking about facial features is people start to actually start they start actually processing their their emotions and.

So. But the problem my biggest frustration when working with. Lillian was that the entire class was nothing. But diagnosis right.

For anything that was really deep or hardcore she would always should always tell her her students refer them out to a social worker or a psychotherapist or whatever well. I'm a therapist by nature and. So to talk about stuff for five straight days drove me insane. So.

I started looking at all the things that we knew how to do to fix this stuff combine it with all the ways we know to diagnose and get to and uncover this stuff and we created a hybrid program where people could not only see what's going on we could also fix it and. So that's what we do we have all these different techniques and that's why we put this program together the way we did that's why you've got the the profiling tactics from defense against the dark arts and people reading for. Fun and. Profit.

But you also have the alchemical practices the emotional and physiological clearing techniques in identity by. Design right. Because we want you to be able to use the material that you learn to read and understand people. But we want you to actually be able to do something about it that was the biggest frustration is you've got all this information you know all these things.

But you can't do anything about it and. So we how do we how do we fill in those gaps how do we make that more comprehensive and that's the package that we've we've put together for you and that's part of what we're going to be doing um in. The. Mastermind groups that you're going to be involved in as well as the actual live face reading courses right.

So that being said let's get it let's get back to part three of our webinar right. Um let me go ahead and redo my sharing okay. That's one and two okay. All right.

So let's go back to the face now uh let me make this a little bit bigger. So. I can see it. So one of the things.

I want you to start to oops that's not what. I wanted to do one. Second. So you can you can tell this is not pre-recorded because.

I'm. I'm screwing up this left. I'm screwing this. PowerPoint up left and right.

One of the things. I want you guys to start paying attention to uh when you start looking at people's faces is their chin one of the things that the chin is related to the water element or the kidney element and a lot of times what you'll see is what now in. Lillian's diagram here she has this is like little lines. I see this more like if you've ever seen an orange peel like the little dots in an orange peel when you see someone with these little dimples these little lots of little dimples over the chin you're looking at somebody who's repressed a lot of fear right.

Um if they have this particular technique and very small ears compared to the size of their head now you're probably looking at somebody who not only have they repressed a lot of fear they also spent a lot of time and energy being little. Daredevils when they were younger proving they weren't afraid right. The ears and the and the chin are analogous to the water element and um and. So there are certain emotions connected to the water we'll cover those things uh in.

Dallas at the at the three day. But these are things. I want you to be aware of is that when you see people uh who have these natural dimples or these dimples without actually distorting their face they've got a lot of repressed fear and we need to find ways to help them clear that fear out okay. Next thing.

I want you guys to look. At or to pay attention to is going to be uh this is one of the lines that people and. Then. F goldbuster saying what if you're just petite petiteness has nothing to do with it petiteness has nothing to do with it this is about the the markings in the skin itself right.

Um one of the lines that people would love to have are these little lines that run from the uh. Alan nasai down the side the. Chinese like the the technical term for these was called when. I was taught was falling.

But. Lillian always referred to them as purpose lines now most ladies over 50 are doing anything they can uh to not have these lines. But these are actually lines you want to have uh the. Chinese said if if you hit the age of 50 and you don't have purpose lines you're you're you're you're not doing what you came here to do right.

These lines indicate a person who is actually um fulfilling their mission in this life or someone who is is on the fast track to their golden path right. So we want these lines to be long and defined now again we can divide this into public versus private by saying okay. If the line is deeper on the right. Side of the face.

Then they're they're obviously much more on track in their public life if the line is deeper on the left side of their face we can say that they're much more on track in their personal life right. Their home life there are the things that they're doing that aren't necessarily work or public related if they're balanced we can say that they're balanced right. If the person doesn't have very strong defined lines we want to figure out we want to we want to kind of start to help them figure out how to figure out what their what their. Ming is or their golden path okay.

The. Next line we're going to talk about is what we call auditory intuition and when we look. At auditory intuition let me reverse this a little bit and get a smaller line here. I'm going to actually go to a different picture to show this to you the auditory intuition line is like a is like a set of gills it's like a little set of lines right.

In front of the ear let me go to a different picture to show you this from the side uh nope here we go okay. So one of the things you'll learn about when you come to the class in uh in. Dallas is we'll start looking at age markings on the ears and the marking we're looking at right. Now is called auditory intuition and it can be seen as a set of lines almost like little gills little wrinkles right.

In front of the ear right. Now people with this kind of a marking these people usually grew up in a situation or circumstance where they had to pay very very close attention to what was being said around them and what they said to other people this actually begins as a form of auditory hyper vigilance in that the person isn't is such a dangerous environment that if they say the wrong thing to the wrong person at the wrong time they could get us an ass whooping that you know make you know would not be good for them right. Lillian used to say. Lillian had this.

I have this um what happens over time is this becomes like a superpower in that people with disability often um become very good at lie detection they're able to hear the subtext and the intentions within what people say. Lillian said they would have they'd have good detectors these people are able to just parse language at a much more advanced way than the average human being right. Um it could be a form of self-censorship for sure. But it was actually a form of self-preservation where like.

Lillian used to say that she could tell what mood her ex-husband was in by the way he slammed the car door that's how acute her her hearing was and. So growing up in the environment in the household that. I did. I often found myself um trying to predict what to say what not to say.

But not just what to say and what not to say. But how to say it if it needed to be said right. And. So over time um this gives us the ability to to really harsh language and people's words and tonalities in a much more advanced way and it becomes very very useful.

Later on if you're like a personal injury attorney a social worker an investigator of some kind anybody who deals with people right. Um. But it doesn't start off as a superpower it starts off more as a form of self-preservation or auditory hyper vigilance now what's interesting uh physiologically about this particular marking is that it falls over let me let me um go back to our facial map if you look. At the the face from the side let me show this really quick um here we go this is a pro this is a a side of the face you have meridians in the energy meridians in the body that run down the side okay.

And the two meridians that really run down in in this area are the triple burner. Meridian and the gallbladder. Meridian these markings tend to manifest right. On the triple burner.

Meridian and part of the triple burner meridian's job is to is to manage water metabolism and heat in the body. So what happens many times is people with this auditory hyper vigilance marking they tend to have water metabolism issues which means they often drink a lot now that in and of itself wouldn't be a big deal. But you all know that when you drink a lot you tend to pee a lot right. And the problem with that is is that while you're you're you're you're putting in a lot of fluids because your body needs those fluids you're peeing out a lot of electrolytes and if your body doesn't have enough electrolytes.

Then weird things start to happen like heart palpitations and tachycardia. So what you'll see a lot of times is people with these particular markings often have what they think are panic attacks which are just they have these erratic heartbeats a lot of times and if they just started actually supplementing with um electrolytes a lot of those palpitations and panic attacks would start to subside. So if you have these markings and you you you're prone to irregular heartbeats or rapid. Heartbeats try supplementing electrolytes for a few days and see if that starts to balance out um that that those those quote panic attacks that you might be having okay.

It's not a diagnosis it's just a pattern that we can look. At um anybody uh have markings like this that deal that might that has these manifestations uh. Eric is asking do these physical features soften if the emotional issues are resolved yes. Very many many very many times they do um.

Kate's asking um how do you deal with clients of different ages seniors just have more lines actually one of the things that happens is as you start to clear these emotions those sprinkles start to go away um one of the ladies that worked with. Lillian for 20 some years her name is. Kelly um. Lillian would put a picture of her 20 25 years ago when they.

First started working together and a picture of. Kelly now and. Kelly looked a good 20 to 25 years older 25 years ago than she did in the play there's not a wrinkle on the woman's face she's got to be in her late 60s and there's no. Wrinkles because she's done a lot of this clearing work she's been doing this work.

So a lot of the the wrinkling we get from aging is not from aging it's actually from the buildup of emotional toxins in the body and when you start to clear these emotional toxins the wrinkles and the markings go away those of you uh veterans in. Planet. David who are face readers if you've seen faces change right. In front of you as a byproduct of of doing this this training type it in the type type is true in the chat.

So they can see it they'd expect me to tell you all kinds of crazy talk to these people right. It's it's insane. I the. First time.

Lillian said this to me. I. I literally yelled from across the auditorium and. Then.

I actually saw it happen in real life okay. Um. So. Kate says.

I understand using their learning method. But to see one's pain oh absolutely we can we can see it all and that's actually one of the problems is once you start seeing stuff it's kind of hard to not see it. So you have to kind of be ready for it um. So let's talk about physical pain though since we're on that subject if you want to see people who are manifesting physical pain if you look.

At once again we talked about the eyes. Earlier we talked about the the outer canvas where the lines that go up to the eyebrow are are. Joy lines lines that go past the eyebrow are. Mania lines lines that come down the face our sadness and sorrow and grief they come from the from the outer um canthus and they come down the side of the face when you see a line that begins at the outer canthus.

But it starts to migrate in towards the nose now you're seeing a person who's wincing from physical pain they either have had a lot of pain in the past that they haven't finished getting rid of or they're in pain in the moment right. Then and there. So the physical pain that you'll see a lot of times will have these horizontal these diagonal lines moving towards the center of the face as opposed to down the periphery of the face if that makes any kind of sense okay. Okay.

Another design you want to look. At and this goes back to health again is if you look. At the let's go back to my diagram of the ear if you look. At the earlobe right.

If you look. At the earlobe and you see little wrinkles sometimes one sometimes two every now and. Then you'll see someone with three this indicates somebody with blood pressure irregularities blood pressure irregularities now this does not mean that they're going to have a heart attack it does not mean they have high blood pressure does not mean they have low blood pressure it means they have erratic blood pressure sometimes it's high sometimes it's low sometimes um it spikes sometimes it crashes right. One of the side effects of this is these people have a hyper um let me put a text box in here they have a hyper reactiveness to shock.

So like let's say for example um. I'm walking down the hallway right. And somebody comes around the corner and startles me right. Um on an average person might have a shock level of five or six someone with a marking like this might jump to it in eight or nine and pass out from from.

Fright. They have an exaggerated response to shock right. So they have not only do they have erratic blood pressure that's up and down they have a hyper responsiveness to surprise right. So if you see if you have these markings.

I have these. I have these markings actually and. I had to train myself to be less reactive um it's just something to be aware of what about oh uh. Faye is asking about lines from the nose out we're actually going to cover that very very shortly.

So stick with us okay. Um really really quick just. So um we stay on track and because. I want everybody to to really take advantage of this uh let's let's go ahead and review the the package we put together for you um and it goes like this and the one and the two there we go all right.

All right. So for those of you who are on the fence up till now this is our our. Second call for this you get the secrets of face reading home study course for what's 1997 value and a ton of free bonuses we're going to give you the defense against the dark arts home study course valued at 4576 bucks this is a game changer guys we're going to give it to you absolutely free because we want you to be ready we want you to have not only the techniques to predict and assess. But the techniques to stop and counter the bad guys of the world we want to give you the tools to change and make change we're going to give you the identity by.

Design home study course. So you can change what you find and help people free and help you free yourself and others from emotional and physical pain and. Trauma it's a 1597 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're going to give you the people reading for. Fun and.

Profit home study course right. At 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you get the three month trial and in the 11 year. Archive of the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program it's a 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get face reading for. Fun and. Profit level two home study course picking up where level one leaves off it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you free and of course you get the face reading uh intensive live. VIP certification boot camp in.

Dallas. Texas. April 13th through the 15th 2023. it's a two thousand seven hundred and fifty dollar value total package value if you were to try and buy these things individually which you can't would be sixteen thousand four hundred eleven dollars you can get it all for one low investment of 14.97 or break that up into four easy installments of just 397 each all you've got to do to get yours is go to www.davidsonernalp.com forward slash face that's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e do it now do it now do it now before. I log off because.

Then these fast action bonuses which includes that super ticket go away and. I don't want you to miss out on what could be the most powerful life changing experience um that you've encountered. So far okay. I really want you guys to be there.

I want to hang out with you. I want to teach you. I want to watch your lives change as you get the skills and the abilities to make the world exactly what you want it to be instead of the way the world the way the world programmed you to be the way you are okay. That being said let's get back to um our regularly tele regularly scheduled program.

So to speak. So let's see here um shift screen and let's close that and go back to okay. Good y goody gum drops all right. Let's go back to reading the face.

So what else can we look. At. First and foremost. So we have these blood pressure irregularities now remember if you have these lines it doesn't mean you're going to have a heart attack it just means you've got a you've got to spend a little bit more time um developing emotional.

Poise and calm okay. Um you see these these manic or hyperactive lines up here uh be very careful with peop these people you know they can be extremely productive and. Powerful in their manic moments. But when they crash um everything tends to go to.

So be very careful with that. So. So people are asking about lines in the center of the face and that's where we're going to go. Next.

So everything. I've talked to you about. So far with the exception of the humor line is bilateral it could be on the right. Side of the face it can be on the left side of the face on the center some can be bilateral some are not okay.

So the. First thing. I want to look. At is what we call transformation lines every now and.

Then you're going to see a line that kind of angles up from the. Third eye or from the brow at about a 45 degree angle we call these transformation lines these lines generally indicate somebody who's gone through an intense spiritual transformation they've gone through some kind of. Dark. Night of the.

Soul that has given them an. Insight or an epiphany into life the universe and everything that is given that has changed them on a character logical or identity level when you have those spiritual moments those spiritual epiphanies you'll tend to mark with a of a diagonal line that emanates upward from the brow towards the hairline okay. This is one of the good lines to have now every now and. Then in very.

Advanced spiritual people you'll see what look. Like little wings that come up okay. We call these. Buddha wings and.

So you people who do a lot of intense meditation spiritual practices things like that you'll often see rows of these lines emanating up from the. Third eye this indicates usually a very open. Third eye and someone who is very very much in touch with their. Shin or their spiritual level okay.

Lillian used to say that in in moments when the. Dalai. Lama was preaching or teaching he would manifest these lines. But when he went back to being just the leader of.

Tibet and he was doing the political side of things or being a guest on a talk show or something like that these lines would actually fade a bit. So if you see you often see these in advanced meditators one of the lines you one of the sets of lines you want to be very careful of that you want to look. For is a double line between the eyes. This indicates irritation annoyance or impatience.

But when. I say that it's not episodic these are for lack of a better word chronic these are chronic things this person is constantly in a hurry constantly irritable uh and is usually on the verge of annoyance because things aren't are taking too long or there's too many eyes. To. Dot and.

T's to cross yada yada yada. Juliana says yes. That's me right. I got these two.

I am one of the most impatient on the planet. Juliana that's why um that's why my stuff is. So fast because. I don't have time for stuff that takes a long time right.

Eric says are you familiar with pressure releases in the topic of tracking um. Eric. I don't actually know what that means okay. Uh.

Kenneth. Kern is saying the airline is called the cardiac clef by pathologist often seen in heart attacks right. Corroboration. Ken is a medical doctor is there any significance in dimples on your chin or cheeks yes.

Dimples represent what what. Lillian called extra fire uh people with the with dimples and uh in their cheeks and chins are usually a little bit more outgoing they're a little bit more charismatic often quite mischievous mischievous and they often like attention. So if they have if they have uh dimples they're off they're going to be a little bit more charismatic uh tend to be a little bit more on the creative side right. And they like attention right.

Um. Eric. I don't know what you mean when you say pressure releases in the topic of tracking. I don't know what that means if you can elaborate on that.

I might be able to give you more information right. Uh. Joe warenka says who do. I contact to make payment arrangements you reach out to.

Stephanie at. NLP power .com or you can call her directly at 858-282-4663 -858-282-4663 and if you do call her please please please leave your contact information uh. So many people call up and they they just hang up if you call and you leave your contact information you will qualify for the bonuses. But if if you call up tomorrow and you haven't left your contact information you don't qualify for the bonuses we can't give you any of the fast action stuff.

So by all means if you know you want this remember you've got nothing you got no. Risk right. It's a 60 day 100 satisfaction guarantee if it's not working for you if it's not moving in the direction you want to go let us know we'll refund your money. But right.

Now this is the. Last time. I'm probably going to offer this for a very very long time because we don't have another face creating training coming up for a very very long time. So.

I want you guys to take advantage of it. I want to meet you in. Dallas. I want to get you on the fast track to becoming a force of change in your world.

I want you to help a lot of people starting with yourself and. I want you to move through the world making your life everything you want it to be and helping enough people get and become the person they want to be do that click one of those links go to. David snyderenlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e and let us help you help other people okay. That's what it's about it's all about moving forward all right.

Art and. Science of tracking by. Tom. Brown similar of reading intention by.

Marx in the floor um no. I'm not familiar with that um with that particular book. Eric. I am familiar with left of bang and the.

CP. Journal which is all about tracking and and profiling human behavior um. But. I'll have to look.

At the the. Art and. Science of tracking and see what's going on with that okay. Let's see here uh has this been useful.

So far talk to me is this have you guys learned some cool stuff okay. Kim is asking what method do you utilize for clearing extreme grief. I have about five or six of them uh. Kim that we use we can start with chair therapy deathbed therapy you can do um what we call dry crying is a really powerful.

One. Magic. Frame energy spinning um color breathing all very very powerful we have seven levels of regression. I'm very familiar with.

Robert cialdini's work um and extremely useful in this context in the context of face reading. Chris says lots of information to take in and try out cool good. I just want to make sure that you guys are getting what you came for right. Remember you guys at the beginning you said what do you want to take away from the swimmer what do you want to be able to do as a byproduct of this training right.

I've given. I'm giving you the foundations. I'm. I'm closing the loops.

I'm showing you how to take your your. St your skills to the. Next level if that's where you feel you need to go right. Uh deathbed therapy is not necessarily inducing.

DMT no. We're not killing people okay. It's part of the hypnotherapy program that you'll learn in uh level two regression okay. Uh let's see here let's go back to our face reading and okay.

So we talked about irritation and annoyance now if you look. At somebody. I see this much rarer what. I'm about to show you is a little bit more rare every now and.

Then you look. At somebody's face in the in the center and you'll see three lines when you see three lines like this what you're seeing is somebody who's actually learned how to manage their irritation annoyance and impatience that is not me. I'll be honest uh. I am one of the most impatient on the planet um.

But. I think it works for me because like. I said. I don't have time for low percentage technique if it doesn't yield a predictable desirable result in the shortest amount of time possible in the most consistent way possible.

I throw it out that's just how. I do it uh totem pole is saying. I'm interested in this kind of stuff. I have two lines between my eyebrows the thing is.

I'm mostly patient kind of person. I'm interested in what that says do you find yourself getting annoyed with people a lot um. I'd have to see the lines because it might not again one of the things. I want you to be this isn't on your on the chart.

But. I will. I will share this with you um if you have lines that start here. But actually start to travel down and around the curve of the eyebrow bone what you're seeing here is actually somebody who is prone to worry they tend to be a little bit more pensive overthinking things running scenarios in their head um.

So be very care be very wary when you see people who have these lines at the center of the forehead. But they travel they travel down in. Contour the inside of the eyebrow like this okay. Another thing you're going to see a lot and again.

I. I'm not trying to pick on people. I'm not trying to shame anybody when. I say this.

But one of the things you'll see a lot in people is people with a single line right. Down the center right. Some people the line is really small you know it's like it's like you know literally just just a little line like that some people though that line is big and it's long right. Yes.

That's me worry too much thank you you're welcome right. We call this this particular marking either a suspended needle or a suspended sword and this particular marking is extremely telling because what's happened in this person's life is that they've literally taken their their energy their their wood energy their liver energy their anger and they've cut it in half this usually indicates anger between a father and a son or between um a child and whoever um holds the dominant masculine role in that family it can be from a father towards a son it can be done from a son towards a father and what what happens in this particular marking is um the person with the marking got angry like really really angry and they expressed that anger and as a byproduct of expressing that anger um this person got punished right. They got put in jail they got kicked out of school kicked out of the house they were punished. So badly for expressing that anger that they made the unconscious decision that they were never going to get that angry again that they were never going to let that energy come out to that degree ever again and.

So they literally take like a a little block and they just cut it off and. So what happens with this kind of a marking is these people tend to be really good at self-sabotage they'll be really good at getting about about certain things and they'll get to a certain point in their life and they'll blow themselves up they'll literally you know get fired they'll walk off the job um they'll lose interest in in something that they're really really good at and start something new from scratch they'll get to a certain point and they'll reach that that area where they have extra energy that that could take them to even higher levels of success. But because that block is in place they cut themselves off and wind up exercising themselves from that career path it also tends to manifest as a desire to prove oneself. So you'll see you'll hear them talking about all the things that they've done all this problems that they've solved it'll come across as kind of a pseudo-narcissistic behavior.

But what they're really trying to do is win a fight that they are an argument that they lost many many years ago and they haven't admitted their part in it yet and. So between the self-sabotage and the need to prove oneself. I've had people who have markings like this they are excellent at. So many things and they get to a certain level of achievement and all of a sudden boom they're they're gone they find a way to leave right.

Um. So one of the things that people with this. Market what they what they have to do is they have to go back and they have to revisit that anger that they've locked down right. And they have to remove that they have to forgive the people involved they have to forgive themselves they have to admit their role in it because when they have this marketing they're in denial right.

And it will manifest as an inability to move forward in their life. So this is one of the markings. When. I.

See. This. I know that the person in front of me as as well as they're doing isn't near their their full potential yet they're they're holding themselves back right. And.

So you'll see this a lot okay. Uh let's go back to the the chart and here okay. So another one that you're going to see that has to go that goes to boundaries are lines that that start on the side of the nose like. So.

Lillian used to call these disempowerment lines. I don't use that term. I call them appeasement lines and the reason. I use appeasement lines is because.

I think that actually explains the behavior more. So than disempowerment. So let me explain the the the pathology of these lines just like the the suspended sword a suspended needle up here this person experienced a boundary violation they experienced a boundary violation and they fought back. But when they fought back the person they were fighting back against pushed back even harder and rather than locking down their anger and and vowing never to get that angry again they lapsed into appeasement they said oh my.

God they're. So angry. I whatever whatever you want just just don't hurt me just don't hit me just please don't don't punish me anymore. I'll do whatever you want these people become appeasers how many of you are familiar with the old tell the old seven 1970s sitcom.

All in the. Family anybody okay. You guys remember. Edith.

Bunker right. It's okay. Archie whatever you want. I'll do it whatever you want right.

I guarantee you if if. Edith. Bunker were a real person she'd have these lines like they were chiseled in stone on her face because that's exactly what appeasement does appeasement says somebody violates my boundary. I.

I push back they push back harder and. I say okay. Okay. Whatever you want just don't hit me again.

So think about it thinking about it like that what kind of patience would you see this marking on what do you think what do you think you would see it abuse exactly any form of child abuse any form of domestic abuse spousal abuse right. A lot of times the other thing about this particular marking and me and again. I'm working on a theory that certain kinds of predators are tapped into certain facial characteristics one of the things that this indicates is somebody who has weak boundaries how do. I know that because of the appeasement right.

Person all trauma is based on. Boundary violation right. So if somebody violates your boundaries and you fight back and you push them off and your boundaries are strong. But if somebody violates your boundaries you push back they push back harder and you give them what they want that's a weak boundary that makes for somebody who has a high probability of being victimized in the future does that make sense okay.

So when you and a lot of times especially if you're a therapist they will not volunteer that the abuse stuff if you're doing like hypnotherapy like. Advanced regression or something like that that's when you'll find it right. But if you if you get somebody in the chair and you see these markings there's boundary violations in there somewhere there's people who have an inordinate amount of sway in this person's life that they're they're working very hard uh not to piss off does that make sense okay. Very good all right.

So that concludes um our map of the face. So before. I. Turn.

You. Loose out into the world to go and read faces and take names what other questions do you have for me that. I can. I can answer for you right.

This is this would be the time um to really kind of. AMA with me ask me anything you guys have any questions. So let's see what is the most useful use of the lines um contextually. I find that the emotional lines tell me about a person's life like what what you know it gives me a direct insight into what emotions they're stuffing um what emotions they're expressing um when.

I look. At the emotional lines on the public side versus the private side it allows me to really know who they are behind closed doors which. I think is really one of the most powerful thing uses for face reading because you can start to make predictions as to how they're going to respond in certain scenarios what do lines across the forehead represent lines across the forehead represent lessons that are being life lessons that are being processed most most commonly uh from 15 to 29. in the in the. Dallas class we're going to go through the age map of the face you can actually track a person's trauma history from conception all the way up to about 120 years old 125 years old on the face um.

John is asking can an artificial program look. At a face and map it like the grid line. I would imagine you could probably make um all con yeah we have facial recognition software that could easily do this for sure for sure. But it wouldn't have the same level of intuitiveness that comes from from using this information again there's a human element to this that you can't really duplicate with an.

AIA. Benjamin grateful is asking how can. I tell what the information is in a mark. But in a different form in the same place example like what can it mean if there is a mole compared to an indent or a crease okay.

Indents increases are almost always a sign of trauma moles are almost always a possibility of extra. Jing or a blockage in the in the. Meridian system okay. Uh.

Benjamin is saying. I have a bump on my earlobes it was trying to was trying to pierce my ears when. I was young. But that give me an overreaction to surprises.

I don't know. Benjamin um certainly any any any physiological changes we make to our body things that we remove have significant effects on the. Jing level of the body and it can significantly change our our access to physical and emotional attributes what's the. First thing.

I look. At on the face for me it's usually uh the. Shen which is this the light behind the eyes. Um and.

Then. I look. At the eyebrow and eyebrow. Ridge uh primarily because when.

I look. At the eyebrow. Ridge. I know how these people deal with authority.

I know how these people um deal with um teamwork uh how much of a more self-aggrandizing they're going to be versus more um uh low-key or humble um. But also the. Shen tells me how closed off they are how how much trauma how much open to suggestion or influence they might be um. Kim do you do your courses explain any verbal.

NLP techniques. I do a lot of phone interviews with no. Visuals oh yeah my core yeah um the face reading won't do that. But uh identity by design for sir for sure will defense against the dark arts absolutely will in fact you'll get more in defense against the dark arts than probably any other course um because it's it's 60 killer influence and the other 40 pure profiling.

So for for. Kim for what you want the the package is worth it just for the killer influence program okay. Uh. Seth is that.

John a live face shooting class is your best bet um. Benjamin says it seems like internally. I overreact to surprising things like random person coming up um again it could have it could have something to do with the earlobe because again this is the earlobe is actually corresponds to the head. So there may be some things going on there that that um are due to that particular bump okay.

All right. Any other questions get out of the victim. Matrix yeah and that's what. I did by the way uh goldbuster that's what identity by.

Design is about identity by. Design is exactly what you would put somebody with these appeasement lines through because it helps you to rebuild their boundaries their sense of self their sense of deservingness the the internal dialogue that they have the default driver states that they go through it targets every single piece of a person's identity. So you can use it to shore up a person's boundaries really really powerful that's why we included it in the package right. When.

I was going through it was really frustrating for me as a learning facing. I love my teacher and. I'm and. I miss her to this day.

But one of the frustrating things for me was. I learned how to read all this stuff. But she never taught us anything how to. I knew how to fix it thank.

God. But nobody else in the class did. So after about the day three of the five day training. I just started grabbing people and pulling them off to the side and fixing their because.

I couldn't take it anymore you know. So when. I put this together. I said okay.

How can we create a program that gives these people the absolute biggest bang for their buck that not only gives them the ability to read people and understand them. But to transform and that's what the packages that you've got in front of you you know and again if you need you know if you need extra help reach out to. Stephanie um and she will absolutely help you uh with payment plans and things of that nature we want you to have this information. But we have to make it fair okay.

Um. I see here. Last couple rounds. CK.

Rishi says face readings. Etc oh we're in the high 90s uh face readers if you see rasheed's comment he wants to know what the the the the success rate what's your hit rate when you do face reading right. Type in your your hit rates for for. Rasheed.

So he can see what we're talking about because you expect me to say it's 100 it's not about me it's about my students really what can my students do right. All right. That being said let me just go ahead and give you guys one. Last call for this for those of you who are have been on the fence maybe or um are ready to to take your lives to the.

Next level who want to come out to. Dallas and hang and learn this stuff. First hand um go ahead and um one more thing here again. So this is.

Last call secrets of face reading home study course is going to give you the entire level one face feeding for. Fun and. Profit personality and temperament assessment process teaches you both the intuitive and the systematic approach to assessing personality and temperament as little as 90 seconds. So 1997 value we're also going to include the ultimate influence and persuasion uh counter manipulation home study course the defense against the dark arts it's a 4576 dollar value uh we're gonna give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the real hypnosis identity by.

Design home study course it's a 1597 value not only will you be able to use this to fix the things you find on your face and others you can actually use this as an income stream for your business if you're in the helping professions you will have some of the most powerful transformational tools on the planet to help people heal physically mentally and emotionally we're going to give this to you free because we want you to be ready right. We're going to give you the people reading for. Fun and. Profit program it's a 1497 value.

So you can read all the other non-verbal things going on in another person. I'm going to give you three month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program plus the 11 year video archive it's a 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and we're going to give you that free.

VIP ticket to the face reading. Jing level uh classic face reading home study live intensive uh in. Dallas. Texas.

April 13th through the 15th it's a 2 750 value right. Along with face reading level two which is a 1997 value if you do the math the total package value is sixteen thousand four hundred and eleven dollars you can get it all for one low investment of 14.97 or four easy installments of 397 each all you got to do is click the link right. Now go to www.davidsnider nlp.com forward slash face www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e click the link click the link click the link now. So that we can all hang out in.

Dallas and you can take your life to the. Next level that's my mission in this world to end suffering to show people what's possible and give people the tools they absolutely need to get the life they want the way they want it okay. That being said. I want to thank you all for hanging out with me.

I hope um you guys have had a good time. I. I would be curious um what you guys top takeaways are what did you guys what are the top two or three things that you've learned in this webinar that you can take out into the world and start using right. Away.

I'm curious about that oh the the orders are pouring in the. Last minute call get it while you can. Bonnie said is it. Bonnie or.

Banny uh. Dana says thank you for this webinar really appreciate the work you do the information you share well again pay it forward right. We make the world a better place one person at a time starting with ourselves you know they say a rising tide raises. All.

Ships let's be that tied let's be the people who can move through the world making a difference by being different getting the life you want the way that you want it that being said on behalf of the. NLP power crew. Seth and. Stephanie and.

Brandon. Holly if you're out there. I want to thank you all for spending some time with me uh for coming out doing the drills and getting the skills um if you have questions that. I did not see or did not answer you can absolutely uh type your name in the chat or in the comments section when this.

YouTube video goes live and uh. I will go ahead and answer your questions as best. I can in the words of the immortal. Carol.

Burnett. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night my friends.

I'll still get used to. I'll get the hang of this heart thing someday good night. God bless make your life everything you want it to be starting now go to. Davis.

Center nlp.com forward slash face and we'll see you. Next time take care.
