Title: qWvRe9iWR00.txt
Video Id: qWvRe9iWR00
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWvRe9iWR00

Good afternoon everyone welcome to mental training secrets for success i'm your host david snyder and as is our tradition we're simulcasting both uh through our zoom platform here as well as our youtube channel. So um for those of you on the youtube stream if this is your. First time with us a couple things um there is about a 45 to 60. Second delay between when we actually say things in the zoom platform and when it shows up uh in your in your area.

So um if you are i've got i have a few administrative things before we get into tonight's uh topic. First and foremost if this is your. First time with us please type in uh. First time and uh your name and where you're checking in from if you're not a.

First timer which we have quite a few return uh return members and and and participants on the channel which i i absolutely love um please type in your name and and type in that you're a veteran uh and because i'm gonna ask you to help me out uh throughout the course of this webinar primarily because if you've been on webinars with me or other people before you've often seen a lot of activity going on in our chat and many times what happens is questions really good questions fly by and because i have to stick to a particular format i don't get a chance to answer correctly. So for those of you who've been through planet david who've been around for a while been to some of our trainings who actually have applied the skills being talked about in the real world feel free to answer the the questions from our our new our. First timers or our members um participating with us for the. First time um i love i i'm a teacher who likes interactivity.

So for me uh webinars where all i get to see is a chat are kind of challenging for me because i like to see your faces and i like to i like to hear your questions and be able to interact with you. But you're here to learn some really powerful stuff and my job is to give that to you in the most direct and accessible way possible. So a few administrative details that that we need to get out of the way. Then i'll start the official presentation.

First of all if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing are the words boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your. Next 90 to 90 minutes to three hours or four hours. However long we're going to go tonight which brings us to the. Second point um if you're used to the traditional type of you know teas teas teas for 90 minutes and.

Then pitch pitch pitch buy my product by my 20 000 product um at the end of the webinar uh you're probably going to be disappointed on a number of levels. First and foremost uh we don't do traditional webinars what we are our goal at planet david or as we like to call it the uh the transformation super highway is we want you to come away from this webinar with things that you can use immediately things that you can you can you can they're actionable you can you can put them to work immediately and go out and make changes for yourself and in your world. So that is our goal uh about 90 we do have there is always an offer because when we we try to supplement the training and the information that we give you in this class with follow-ups where to go. Next where to take the.

Next step. So if this is the scope of everything there is to cover we have time for this. So my commitment to you in this webinar is i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and. Then i will point you in the direction of where to go to take the.

Next step to level up is that a fair trade if you think it's if it's a fair trade go ahead and type it in the chat okay. Cool we have a lot of awesome people in the chat a lot of new people i love that um excellent perfect now a couple other things like i said before uh if you're if you've if you're used especially this is your. First time and you're used to the traditional 90-minute webinar that many of many of us are conditioned to to uh experiencing this is not going to be like that here's how we do our webinars we for the. First 90 minutes or.

So 90 minutes 60 to 90 minutes we deliver as much foundational content as we can we give you enough stuff that you can if you had to leave at 90 minutes you could go out into the world and make changes. Then what we do is we give you a chance to see what we've got in store for you in terms of an offer we present the offer it takes about you know anywhere depending on on questions and things like that 20 to 30 minutes. Then what we do is we come back to the main webinar and we continue to teach for the. Next 90 minutes and we continue to deliver the.

Next level and the. Next level in the. Next level. So you can take this stuff right.

From the webinar go out into the field and and just put it to work that's our goal at nlp power that's what we want for you we don't want to tease you and tease you and tease you and. Then say now buy my twenty thousand dollar product and all the secrets of the universe will be revealed that's horse in my world um i think that if you're gonna share if you're gonna show somebody a way to get the life they want the way they want it you need to give them something they can experience right. Off the bat you need to give them something they can use and. So once you've got that um you know we'll show you where to go to take it further if that's cool with you is that is that a good trade yes.

Or yes. Right. You go ahead and type it in the chat for me because that's the only way i know you're listening i'm a teacher who thrives on feedback i'll tell you that right. Now just like anybody who's on youtube we love attention.

But i like it to be a fair trade i want to give you the tools that you need we're going to teach you in this webinar the foundations for how your system and your mind and body work together we're going to teach you the structures of how you your everything that makes you you works and how to put it together into the basis of a system that you can begin to reprogram your subconscious mind for success remove limiting beliefs uh clear your past traumas all kinds of stuff comes from the foundations in this webinar. So um the other thing that we do is we try we do our very best to tailor the content of the webinar to what you want. So i'm gonna be i'm gonna be interacting with you and i'm gonna ask you to do exercises i'm gonna ask you to get up and sit down and do things which brings us to the. Next the.

Next important administrative piece there are a lot of exercises in this webinar that involve altering your state of consciousness in other words trans whether you realize you're in trance or not it doesn't matter. But what you need to do is you need to make sure that you're not doing any of these exercises while you're driving a car or operating any kind of equipment or machinery that requires your full and undivided attention if you're listening to this webinar while you're driving if you're um you know doing something important that requires you to be focused for safety reasons or what have you um by all means listen to the webinar. But avoid doing the exercises until you can you know find a safe time where you go back watch the replay do whatever okay. Um we're going to be we're going to be covering a lot of material some of it if you've been on our earlier webinars we'll be familiar to you other things you may not have heard before you may have not heard them taught in this way.

So that being said is it okay. To begin the process is it okay. To begin the official presentation cool all right. So let me go ahead and jump to my powerpoint and answer the most fundamental question for those of you who are new to planet david and that of course is who the heck is david snyder and why should i care.

So for those of you who are brand new to planet david um i'm the doctor of oriole medicine and that's a copy of my doctorate degree from pacific college of oregon medicine i've been a practicing acupuncturist since 2005. i run a clinic in solana beach california where my specialty is dealing is treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion. So while many people uh focus in in the nlp and hypnosis world they focus on like weight loss and nail biting and smoke cessation some do life coaching things of that nature the focus of my clinical practice has been on relieving the results of repressed trauma and emotion in other words from your past and putting things in that people want getting rid of things people don't want in many cases they've repressed these emotions to the point where they caused themselves to have a physiological illness now in case you're wondering about eight out of ten things that go into a doctor's office chronic illnesses can be linked back to negative early childhood emotional traumas and adverse events if you want to look. Up the the research on that there was a study called the ace study adverse childhood experiences if you just type in a study you'll get a ton of um references to that you can also go to pubmed and and learn about that. So that's what i do been doing professionally in terms of how i help people live a better life since 2005. now i have a lot more going on since before 2005.

But we still haven't and operate on an active practice. So let's go back to our presentation and and just get through the bio part here. So again this is a copy of my doctorate degree uh for the. Last well this year 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer in the world by globalgurus.org uh for the.

Last three years i was named in among the top two nlp trainers in the world and i've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from hypnotherapy trainings to advanced persuasion attraction and dating practices and techniques lie detection four levels of conversational hypnosis and how to utilize that anytime anywhere for any reason and i've specialized in helping people create very practical systems for themselves to go out and get the life they want the way they want it. So this year we were voted number one by globalgurus.org and that's largely because of focuses uh you know you know the the inspiration and the input of people like you who have taken our materials out into the world and really enjoyed uh the benefits of applying that and everything we do in this webinar is something that you need to apply this is a letter from globalgurus.org and it says dear david with great it is a great pleasure uh to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best nlp program in the world which is really cool if you think about it because i didn't even know there was even a contest for this and of course um there's a copy of all of all the courses that were in the running you can see nlp power and killer influence was named the number one nlp program in the world. So i thought that was pretty cool i also have a background in the martial arts i hold 10th degree black belt in ruku kempo and hold on a. Second we've got somebody who likes to uh show off here there we go he has been banished.

Anyway uh grand master 10th degree black belt and rookie kempo karate i also have a fourth three black belt in shaolin kuntao. Second degree black belt in kosho kempo rue. First degree black belt in funkuru jujitsu i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema and two forums of the screen of both cinco mano. And modern arnis now a lot of people say when they see and also have a ton of um i also have a ton of energy healing credentials for those of you who are interested in my energetics background because there is going to be a a large energetic component in this webinar for those of you um because i didn't listed in the webinar.

But i've been a reiki master since the early since about 1992. uh i have a master's teacher certification that i have a degree in chronic psychotherapy as well as chronic healing advanced chronic healing dna theta healing uh bankster energy healing system i've been a practitioner of hermetic skills and qigong systems for for many many years including taoist esoteric yoga. So i have a lot of background in the energetic skills as well i'm certified in holographic memory resolution through brent baum and all these things that we're talking about are going to come together in this webinar into a synergistic systematic progression that allows you to make very powerful positive changes very very rapidly okay. So uh let's go in back to the webinar here and let's see okay. So now i was alluding to before what do all these things actually have in common well two things actually the ability to control your state and the ability to recognize patterns when i say patterns in this context what i'm actually talking about is a structure you see there are certain building blocks that everything about our subjective world works from and once you understand how to recognize those structures and those patterns and you can combine that with your ability to enter an altered state of consciousness or enter any type of psycho-emotional state as an act of will you can pretty much write your own ticket in this world.

So what does this all this stuff have to do with uh you know how success health wealth and happiness well as you can probably surmise pretty much everything everything that you're going to endeavor to do everything you're going to seek to achieve in this world is going to come down to the ability to get into the right. Psycho emotional state control your thoughts uh uh ordain your and ordain your destiny. So we're going to talk a little bit about some of that napoleon hill stuff as we get deeper into this training. But we're going to do it from a very functional level we're going to do it from a level where you can actually make changes right.

Away okay. So is this the right. Place for you though well this class is for you if you're interested in maybe becoming super attractive or charismatic to the opposite sex if you'd like to make them find you more charming fascinating and irresistible is that something that might be useful if you'd like to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate confidence and assertiveness and charisma would that be useful right. Uh if you don't think your wife wants you to be more attractive guess again make more money from your job.

But more clients for your business get that razor promotion you know you deserve this is the right. Place for you if you'd like to learn how to protect yourself from manipulators and people who are easily and easily handle difficult people this is going to be something that you are going to be glad you stayed for okay. If you'd like to program yourself to create massive financial abundance and have more money to buy the things you want and. Then some stay tuned this is going to be a very very important webinar for you if you'd like to nail two or three job interviews on the spot and have them salivating to hire you pay attention because many of the things that we're going to be talking about in this webinar will go directly to how you're perceived by the people you interview with and how you respond to their particular uh questions and things of that nature if you'd like to learn how to inspire your employees your children or your spouse to get them to do whatever you want to help them perform better when you want them to do it this is probably a good place for you if any of these things are resonating with you type yes.

In the chat and which ones resonate most with you. So i know where to focus on today okay. If you're one of those people who fantasize about being a jedi would like to have the ability to kind of put people under your spell just by talking to them this is probably a good place for you we're gonna show you some really really powerful ways to change people's states by changing your own okay. Now we're gonna do this in the context of controlling yourself the fastest way to control somebody else's state is to change yours.

First. So that's what we're going to do we're going to teach you the ins and outs of state control uh to the to the limits that we can on a webinar like this and. Then what we're going to do is we're going to show you how to take that and just keep adding the. Next layer and the.

Next layer and the. Next layer in the. Next layer okay. Is that is that cool is everybody good with that cool get employed as well yeah you can learn yeah one of the biggest things that's going to happen is you're going to learn one of the most important things you can which is how to manage.

First impressions through your state because it's the visceral feeling that people have when they. First interact with you in the. First seven seconds of their interaction with you that frames every word that comes out of your mouth every behavior you generate from that moment on and if you can nail that. First seven seconds and control the frame.

Then everything that comes out of your mouth has that halo around it that they'll wrap your words in okay. Well it starts with rapport for sure sharingan. But it's more than that there's there's an energy field around the body that we're gonna discuss and we're gonna we're gonna play with uh significantly uh from a very different perspective we're not gonna be talking about auras per se we're going to be talking about what i call the proprioceptive grid and the structure of human thoughts and how it all interacts physiologically as well as cognitively. So um that's where we're going to go and we need to.

But we need to start with the foundations i can't i have to make the assumption even though a lot of you have been into my webinars before a lot of you have seen some of these foundations i have to treat everyone as if it's their. First time. So i know that some of you might sometimes get a little bit impatient because i'm covering the basics. But basics are basics for a reason if you don't have good basics you don't have jack okay.

Okay. So people in the youtube are absolutely in love with the jedi stuff and that's cool they actually used to call our school jedi school. So let me go back to the powerpoint and by the way i hate powerpoints i've i've put notes together for you and i will be jumping in and out of the powerpoint because i think it's important to have uh you know to have a face to talk to uh that's just my personal bias okay. Uh let's see here.

So yeah cool all right. So here's my personal promise to you if you stay until the end of the webinar i am going to share with you the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness i will show you how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination how to remove blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions fear pain and or limiting beliefs and i will give you the exact steps needed to go from interesting information to maximum transformation how to get the life you want the way you want it in minimum time in the shortest amount of time possible if you stay until the end this is what we're going to cover throughout the course the webinar. So some of this will cover before the break some of it will cover after the offer and we'll just keep going like i said we're going to cover as much content as we can in the 60 to 90 minutes leading up to the offer and. Then we're going to do our offer and.

Then we're going to come back and we're going to continue to teach these topics actually i added one topic one extra topic. So you have a little extra content coming your way. So. First thing we're going to cover is the two most important factors for success it's not what you think or maybe it is rules of the mind the ones they did not tell you about we're going to talk about body-centered energy psychology and how your system really works and how you can begin to use it right.

Away to begin to change your mind and body and program your future and clear your past which is really what comes. Next is learning how to use what we've learned in the. First four modules of the. First four bullets to program your future clear your past and.

Finally to show you step by step what to do. Next and how to get the life you want the way you want it master yourself inside and out and. Finally take control does that sound like a good agenda for today if you think that's a good plan for today go ahead and type that in the chat form say yes. Yes.

It's good let's do this cool excellent excellent excellent excellent i'm glad uh let's see here i'm going to try as much as i can to keep the 60 to 90 minute rule for the. First part. But we'll see where we go cool dragon says please share this now i can stay till the end. But i have to wake up and go to work that's okay.

Dragon you can come back and pick it up on the replay there will be a replay for this. So um the offer that we're having is time sensitive. So you may not be able to take advantage of the offer if you wait too long. But um by all means the content will be there okay.

Okay. So here's my. First question to you and this is probably one of the most important questions that we're going to ask today what do you specifically want to learn about today what's the biggest most important question about programming your mind for success health wealth and happiness that you would like the answer to i want it to be the primary emotional reason why you jumped on this webinar if you had all the skills that we're gonna we're gonna share with you in this webinar what's it for what's your why. So to speak what's it gonna do for you right.

Okay. And i want you to go ahead and take a moment i want you to do two things for me. First i want you to type your answer in the chat and. Then i want you to write if you have a piece of paper or a notebook.

Or something i want you to write that thing that you want to get from the tools in this webinar on a piece of paper because we're having some exercises coming up that will that this information is going to factor into because i want you to just attach what you want to doing everything that you're told to do in this webinar okay. Um got some good questions in the youtube channel overcome imposter syndrome very cool how to trade stocks without emotional attachment very excellent how to stop procrastination oh okay. We got some good stuff here break fear of success want to get out make videos make an offer grow my business interaction with people's customers and employees fundamentals of state control all right. Helping a broken soul you have to elaborate on that one alright.

I don't know what that means uh resources working as a therapist buying my. First house land okay. Cool these are all good these are all good pardon me all right. So go ahead make sure you write that down outside of the chat we're going to become we're going to be circling uh back to that throughout the course of this webinar because everything starts with what you want and the emotions behind it most effective way to improve self-image okay.

You're going to get this the foundations everything you guys have mentioned you're going to get the foundations for you're going to get the foundations for okay. Cool now here's uh let me jump back to um just looking at you a couple of things i want you to embrace as we go into the content for today. First and foremost it is not necessary it is not necessary for you to believe everything i say in order for it to work for you you don't have to believe any of it all you got to do is do it okay. And we're going to talk about certain things throughout this webinar that you may think you understand i'm going to talk about words like focus and imagination and absorption and you might think you know what i'm talking about most people don't they think they know.

But they don't. So we're going to be doing some exercises to lay the foundation for you about what focus means what absorption means what playfulness means um and those things because you have to understand how this works uh in terms of altering your state nothing human beings do happens without altering your state of consciousness everything human beings do from the decisions they make to the emotions they feel and the behaviors that arise from it happens because of an emotional motivation and emotional drive that we have many times we're conscious of that emotional motivation many times we aren't okay. So as we go through these exercises the. First thing that we're going to be teaching you is about how to alter your state of consciousness to a function to a level where you can get functional change in a few moments okay.

Um. But what's. But truth be told human beings are trans machines they go into altered states very very fluidly very very seamlessly they you know um i make a joke to my hypnosis students that a a monkey can put somebody in the trance the problem is is that what do you do once you've got them in trans and that's a big problem because most people don't know what to do once they're in that trans state and. So when they go into those trans states they're usually doing that messes them up okay.

Um. So let me go back to [Music] this let me see i make sure that i'm not missing anything on my powerpoint okay. So this is a copy of a process we we've called the identity by design process now the information that you're going to be learning in this webinar are are derived from this full length this is a this whole thing encompasses the five day training and we'll talk about about how you can get the whole training. Later on.

But we're going to be incorporating elements from this particular process the identity by design process is a hypnotic silo of techniques that we developed to allow people to systematically customize the building blocks of their identity and personality now identity and personality are two very important terms that we have to address when we talk about the two most important ingredients to becoming successful. So if you look. At the identity by design process. First thing we're going to teach you how to that we would teach you how to do an identity by design is to clear the general negativity in your life these are negative thoughts beliefs feelings you don't even know you have it's kind of like soaking the pot kind of like soaking the pot before you scrub it or put it in the dishwasher now some of you have been on youtube for a while may have seen techniques like the grey room or universal solvent or the safe place induction these are examples of what we call general negativity clearing techniques we as practitioners we as clients don't even need to know what the problem is as long as we can point to where we feel it in our bodies and reach out and interact with the constructs we can get change and that's what's beautiful about much of what we're going to be doing is you don't have to share practically anything with your therapist or in some cases yourself you know a lot of times you need to consciously know what the problem is in order to fix it we'll show you how to leverage that system very very quickly okay.

Uh once you've learned how to clear general negativity we're going to remove specialized negative now this is going to factor in very very powerfully in today's training because what happens many times is as we move through this journey called life we encounter situations and circumstances and events where we we start off great and. Then the hits the fan and things like now the best um the best example that i can give is if like when i have clients who come in who have a fear of success and what they say with this fear of success is actually what is known as a safety lesson safety lessons are rules that your unconscious make mind makes up without your conscious knowledge without your conscious consent. So let me give you a hypothetical. So you can understand how this works now this works in relationships this works in um business it works in anything where people have had a level of success lost it started from scratch had a level of success lost it and.

Then started building up again for some reason they can't seem to get any further right. If you've ever had an experience like that where you just kind of get to a certain point everything just seems to stop or blows up go ahead and type that in the chat right. All right. Because what you're dealing with is what we call in planet david safety lessons okay.

So let me explain to you what the unconscious process is regarding that remember something that there's something really important that you need to understand about your unconscious mind a it loves you it loves you more than anybody on the planet the problem is it's highly emotional deeply intelligent. But it doesn't think about the future. So to speak it doesn't necessarily think about the long-term consequences or ramifications of the rules it makes and it doesn't need your permission many times to decide something and that's one of the things that we need to understand is we need to understand how does this system work and how can we create a more fluid communication with it. So it doesn't just arbitrarily make decisions about how our life should be without our conscious input would that be more useful have more conscious input in what your unconscious mind decides to do if you think that's useful type it in the chat right.

Okay. So let's let's talk about this concept of safety lessons. So using the business example right. And it.

But it could also be a relationship example if you've ever like started a relationship gotten to a certain point in that relationship and. Then you if it blows up you start another relationship it gets the same point in that relationship and it blows up again and by the time you get to the. Third or fourth repetition you can't even you can't even get started with the process what's going on from your the the perspective of your unconscious mind remember one of the prime directives of your unconscious mind is to keep you safe and. So anytime you encounter a situation where you experience emotional pain right.

Whether it's the loss of a business whether it's the loss of a loved one whatever happens right. What happens after the. Second or. Third time the unconscious mind you start entering this new relationship you want to start that.

Next business the unconscious mind says okay. This is what he wants to do what she wants to do what happened the. Last time we did this oh every time they've started a business they've had tremendous success and. Then lost it and felt terrible i've got to protect them from having that pain i've got to keep them from uh from from from being hurt how can i do that i know if he never has another successful business he could never lose it and he can never feel that pain again same thing goes with a relationship right.

Relationship goes bad boom okay. We hurt we pick ourselves up we dust ourselves off we go do it again relationship goes bad boom we pick ourselves off we dust you know dust ourselves off we start to get going again and for some reason we see that person is obviously fits what we want obviously the our type if there is such a thing. But for some reason we can't make the approach we we hold them at arm's length we just can't move forward what you're dealing with now is the unconscious mind saying if i have to protect this person from ever being hurt again. So i'm going to make sure that they never have it.

So they can never lose it now from the conscious rational logical which is really a misnomer perspective that doesn't make any sense from the the from the perspective of a deeply intelligent logically challenged emotional highly emotional 10 year old makes perfect sense right. If you've ever had a kid who went to a class and didn't do well and never wanted to go back in again right. Maybe you were one of those i was right. This is what we're talking about right.

So one of the things that we're going to show you and this is why this this silo that i'm sharing with you this seven-stage process that i'm sharing with you here is. So important because in this webinar specifically the place that we deal with that is here it's we call it special negativity and one of the problems one of the problems with special negativity is that let's say you go to a therapist or you go to a coach right. And if you've ever had like went to a therapist for something for a specific problem and you went to the therapist and it went away in the therapist's office. But sometime after you left the therapist's office it came back you're dealing with it you're dealing with safety lessons you're dealing with negativity that is being held at a special in a special way to prevent you from making the same mistake because uh one of the other things that happens with safety lessons is the the unconscious mind has a vested interest in holding on to that negativity because there's a lesson attached to it see one of the problems that the unconscious mind has is it's not a problem it's a prime directive is to keep you safe.

So it makes up rules about what you can have and what you can't and. So one of the things that happens is when you go to get rid of a problem the. First thing it looks at is what will happen if i let this go now i don't know if you've ever tried to unmake soup. But when people create a holographic memory container we're going to talk about that.

Later on in the webinar when people encode an experience a belief a memory what-have-you they also encode the safety lessons in the context in which that was created and. So what happens is everything is mixed in there like a big soup and. So it looks at what you want to get rid of and it says to itself oh if i let this go he might lose the lesson that came along with it he'll forget the lesson and it'll happen to him again. So i just i can't afford to take the risk of letting that you know him forgetting this lesson.

So i'm just going to hold on to everything. So many times when you do and if they've never done any kind of uh color breathing or spinning and you've gotten from like a nine to a two or a one and. Then it hits a two or one and it just doesn't go any further or it goes away and. Then it comes back chances are high probability i'd say eight nine out of ten uh probability you're dealing with a safety lesson okay.

So this idea of special negativity that we're talking about is critical to moving forward in your life okay. Does that make sense if you if you're with me. So far go ahead and type that in the chat okay. Cool uh d says i bet many successful people have amazing lives and are happy um might not want to bet on that one.

But chances are they're happier right. Everybody's got something. So let me just put that out there okay. So let's do this let's jump back into the silo i want to cover the side we're not going to cut we don't have time to cover the entire style.

But we're going to cover the building blocks of this silo and give you some tools that you can start applying right. Away to get rid of those safety lessons recode traumas clear your feet you know program your future clear your past um we got to start with the basics the building blocks and and. So hold on because it's going to be fun by the way the secret to this is to be as playful as humanly possible when you do this you don't need to in fact how many of you just by a show of hands would like to be 30 better at everything 30 how if you if you think that'd be cool to be 30 better at everything go ahead and type that in the chat me me me me right. Right.

Here's what the science says and these stats by the way they come from a very easy going uh low-stakes field known as hostage negotiation and i think the only i think as far as hostile environments go the only thing more hostile than hostage negotiation is the la pickup bar. But this is what the stats from uh from hostage negotiation tell us that when the negotiator themself is easy going playful uh adaptable they're 30 percent better at everything they're 30 more intelligent 30 percent more adaptable 30 more creative um and their counterpart the hostage taker the crook. The criminal the bad guy is actually up to 30 percent more compliant more likely to capitulate to what the person wants. So when we start to talk about being playful we need to think of playfulness as a resource and a go-to state rather than something to um uh what's the word for aspire to right.

So again i want you to have as much the more fun and pleasure you have with the material in this webinar the more powerful it will change for you now that doesn't make a lot of sense just yet if this is the. First time for you. But it will as we go forward okay. So let me cover this really quick.

So we clear general negativity. Then we attack anything that has a safety lesson attached to it. Then we install default driver states now there are four basic states that i think every human being needs to have on tap to be super successful those states are playful curious victorious and relentless and of those three the two most important that i think any human being needs to have is relentlessness and playfulness okay. If you have those you can pretty much overcome anything okay.

So we'll talk about driver states as we go throughout the webinar we're not going to have time to install them today. But for those of you who take the offer there will be lots of opportunities for you to learn those things the. Next thing we talk about is how to change that voice inside your head we call this internal dialogue if you're wondering what i mean when i say internal dialogue it's that voice inside your head that just said what voice and this is something that we that starts as a voice outside of our heads and as we move from the ages of zero to five that where external voice gets installed um directly our body our neurology takes over playing that voice. First we create an avatar for lack of a better word of the source of those voices and it runs it creates a running commentary throughout the rest of our lives telling us what we deserve what we don't deserve what we're capable of what we're not capable of um and.

So as part of the identity by design process one of the things we do is we change this. So that it becomes a voice that builds you up and inspires you and motivates you and tells you how awesome and good enough you are instead of the one that's constantly tearing you down okay. Then what we do is we take all of this and. Then we systematically sanitize all the negativity from your past.

So that when you look. Back on the past which is what your neurology is primed to do. Anyway it only sees the past that builds you up and inspires you to move forward instead of the stuff that that bad that happened. So we completely sanitize this.

Then we take this entire this entire sequence and we in stopes we install it as a template at the genetic memory level at the dna level there's a lot of talk nowadays about genetic memory and. So we have an actual process by which we can install this whole process as a basic resource before your very. First memory. So everything that happens subsequent to this program is filtered through these resources.

Then we teach you how to systematically install the traits qualities and characteristics of people who skill sets you admire. So you can take the things you want to be good at and get even better it's called deep trance identification if you've ever seen my video on youtube called uh captain jack the hypnotist uh you'll see a uh a demonstration of what we call the magic circle which is a deep trance identification process and you'll actually see me go into an avatar that i created many many years ago walking another person through this process. So it's a fun video to watch uh and there's a lot of cool things that you can build on this okay. So we call this entire process the identity by design silo the identity by design process now obviously we don't have time to go through every single step in every single sequence.

So we're going to probably stay in and around this area here we're going to take you as far as we can into the fundamentals and the foundations of the system that we're working with and. Then we're going to show you how to take the. Next level where to go. Next does that sound cool go ahead type it in the chat if that's that's a cool thing for you excellent hold on a.

Second i've got to move things around here he's all right. Okay. Um. So are we clear about the identity by design process cool excellent all right.

So let's move on all right. So guys remember earlier i told you that i wanted you to write down what you wanted to get from this webinar and the reason is because human beings are not driven by logic they're not driven by facts in fact in studies i'm going to go back to face to face in actual scientific studies with people who have undergone traumatic brain injuries that have severed the emotional centers in their brain from their logic centers what people discuss what scientists discovered is that when a person is unable to access their emotions they're actually actually become incapable of making decisions they lose their ability to make decisions. So there is a neurological fact that human beings are not rational logically driven creatures we we have feelings and emotions and that we massage and manipulate our perception of reality based on those emotional feelings. So everything human beings do is about feelings it's either a feeling they want more of or feeling they want a whole lot less of does that make sense we got to start there we're going to because we're going to keep circling back to feelings throughout this entire training over and over and over again because if you can't manipulate and and control your feelings you're not going to be able to access the other stuff does that make sense cool now we're not going to stop with feelings.

But the. First thing we want to do is we're going to have fun we want to be playful even the most traumatic stuff you can think about dealing with if you approach it from a playful easy going let's just see what happens kind of an energy you're going to be more successful and i do this with i and i and clinically i deal with everything from war trauma to rape trauma to incest to cults the whole the whole gamut of traumatic installations and over and over again what we see is that this ability to be easy going playful roll with the punches gives you more ability to create powerful lasting positive changes. So i want you to start to understand that right. Off the bat that it's all about feelings now there's two ways that you can control your feelings you can control it through your willpower and you can control it through your body the fastest most reliable way to take control of your cognitive abilities is through your body okay.

So we're going to teach you how to do that very very shortly we're going to start to begin the building blocks of that. But the. First thing we want to talk about is the two biggest ingredients to success and the emotional motivation checklist. So let's go ahead and jump into um the two ingredients to success we're going to circle back to the emotional motivation checklist and.

Then we're going to show you how this all comes together does that sound like a plan okay. For this exercise you're going to need that list of things you wanted to get from this webinar. So. First of all understand that human beings don't make decisions based on emotion they make them based on feelings whether they realize it or not let me go back to let me show you the powerpoint really really quickly one.

Second every human being has a checklist oops every human being has a checklist that determines what must be satisfied in order for them to feel good now uh when we talk we get into the foundations of this much deeper in just a moment. But everything human beings do is in response to a feeling and there are certain external parameters that have to be satisfied before the body will generate a feeling before they'll feel good about moving towards or for with a transaction or relationship and. So since you want to get started since you want to be successful since you want to generate more health wealth success happiness and whatever way you define it it's important to learn how to take action and get motivated. So we need to get our emotions in gear we need to get our mind and our body right.

And the fact and for those of you who are interested in winning job interviews the fastest way to get other people to want to do what you want them to do is to bond yourself product or service to their emotional desires now we're not going to do that in this in that we're not going to use this process in that context that we have other webinars where we teach it this way what we're going to do now is we're going to access your emotional drivers your emotional motivation and we're gonna have you link that powerfully now to everything that we're teaching and telling you to do in this webinar. So that you have the energy to move forward after you learn this motivation will probably never be a problem for you again okay. Many times when we start off with a new year's resolution or um this great goal that we set for ourselves we start off with this emotional fire and. Then at some point during that process of moving towards it we lose our motivation one of the reasons for that is is that you stop at some point if your point a is here point z is here which is the achievement of your goal at some point during this process you start off focusing on the goal and the reward what it's going to do for you right.

And you're inspired by that because you're seeing yourself having those things and feeling the feelings for getting everything you want. But what's happens many times when we suddenly get derailed is we flip we stop focusing on the goal and start focusing on the tasks we need to accomplish to achieve the goal and it's when we shift our focus from the from the end result the benefit the good feelings to the the individual tasks that we need to perform uh to get there that's where our motivation starts to flag and that's when we start deep digging down into our willpower to try and get there. But. But it doesn't work a lot of times because the moment we shift from an internal motivation to an external motivation which is what happens when you shift from the benefit focusing on the benefits of having it to the task necessary to get it you shift from internal motivation to external motivation and it starts to become like a punishment that's being inflicted on you from the outside that's how your neurology treats it and.

So you start to push back you start to get resentful because of the things that are from from your your neurology's perspective being imposed on you and you push back and you lose your motivation right. I have a whole video on youtube about um overcoming resistance um and it's a very long video actually on on what i'm talking about we don't have time to go deep dish into it. But i want you to understand where this is coming from. So that you can keep motivated and get what you want right.

Um. So let's go back to this. So for this exercise you're going to need a pencil or paper or pen pencil and a paper okay. Super trader mickey says i need this shady task to feel good and i need to make it competitive i like competition we can show you how to do that super trader mickey we can in fact if you pay attention to everything we're going to teach you in this webinar you'll actually have the process to do that uh i think it's victoria what's the name of the video i think it's called uh overcoming resistance just type in resistance and reactants uh in the in our our youtube channel and it should come up okay.

So let's go back to um this information right. Over here. So part and parcel of this emotional bonding exercise is what we call the two most important ingredients to success. So again we're going to talk about the two most important factors for success the three ingredients of achievement rules of the mind body centered energy psychology reprogramming your subconscious body and mind programming your future clearing your past and taking control let's start with the two most important factors for success.

First and foremost if you are going to begin to become successful there's two factors that have you have to have your ducks in a row for the. First one is your sense of identity in other words who are you what's what kind of a self-concept do you have and that's based on your life experience what do you feel you deserve um have you ever seen a movie called the secret a man by the name of dr john ashraf says you can't out earn or outperform your level of self-esteem that is actually quite true if you've ever known anybody who had this incredibly lucky street and guts you know maybe they're used to making 30 40 50 000 a year all of a sudden they win the lottery and uh they're millionaires now and three years. Later they're back to 30 40 50 000 a year this is what you're running into. But your beliefs have a hierarchy to them now whether the beliefs are spiritual and purpose identity values capabilities behavior and environment doesn't matter they're all made of the same stuff.

So they can be changed and modified the same way. But you have two kinds of beliefs that you know uh even within this pyramid that we're going to talk about in a moment you have two kinds of beliefs you have beliefs you know about and beliefs you don't know about. So let's talk about beliefs and why they're important in terms of how we're going to work with them the common belief that people have is that beliefs are these big unchangeable iceberg sized things that run your life now and and if you if you approach them the way most people are taught to handle beliefs that's true enough to be true the functional truth is though is that beliefs are decisions that our unconscious mind made about the way the world is based on the information that we had at the time the emotions we were feeling and the perspective or the context that was going on these are the things that form the building the beliefs that we derive okay. Now whether the beliefs again this is what nlp calls the hierarchy of beliefs right.

Here let me go ahead and circle this now what you need to know about this hierarchy of beliefs is that the beliefs at the top influence the beliefs at the bottom okay. And where we're going to start to interact today in this webinar are the beliefs that are installed here the identity and beliefs and values levels right. Uh in other webinars where i've talked about the universal persuasion protocol where i've talked about the interview crusher uh we've talked about three magic questions i've often said to people that um especially when we're talking about three magic questions protocol um you in in western terms you are what you do. So if you walk up to somebody you ask them.

So what do you do for a living they say well i'm an accountant or i'm a therapist or i'm a physician right. Anytime you hear the word i'm or i am what you're seeing or what you're hearing is what we call an identity statement what they're telling you is that they have taken what they do in other words the the job functions they perform and turned it into something they are rather than something they do right. And. So what's happening and what nlp would say is you you created a confusion of logical levels now why is this important because when when you accept something about yourself at the belief level your neurology fights to keep it okay.

It's like it's like if you were suddenly diagnosed with an illness like maybe there's there's a tumor or something gangrenous in your arm and the only way to save your life would be to cut off the arm well regardless of how much logic that doctor tells you about how it's more important to save your life and save the arm there's a huge part of you that's going to fight to keep that arm true not true would you would you agree with that statement true not true go ahead and type in chat right. So when you start hearing statements like i am or i am what you're hearing is a belief a belief that's held right. At the apex of that pyramid and. So one of the.

First things that we have to do if we want to create change if we want to create empowerment in ourselves and other people is we have to change it from something they are to something they do and that's where this hierarchy oops oh i was actually fortunate that's where this hierarchy that i'm showing you here comes in here's your. First exercise. First exercise i want you to go ahead and say this to yourself i do things that make me a winner just say that to yourself i do things that make me a winner and notice how you feel okay. Once you've got that i want you to use a different statement i want you to say i'm a winner and notice what happens to your feelings and your perspective what happens when you say i'm a winner to yourself you feel like a liar we'll fix that one right.

Because believe it or not whether you think you're a loser or not you've actually won more times in your life than you haven't stronger the. Second time very good my body feels better when i'm a winner right. Okay. By the way if when you said i'm a winner you had mostly good feelings and in the background you felt a little ickiness that's one of those beliefs you didn't know you had okay.

We're going to talk about those and how to find those i'm a winner feels great did you did you notice the difference in the perspective when you change the languaging yes. Inside your body versus disconnected exactly just a simple change in how we talk to ourselves creates that think about that for a moment all we did was change a couple of words right. And your belief system and your perspective changed. So when people feel stuck many times they'll they'll put themselves in an identity state and say i'm a self-sabotager or i'm a loser right.

Well they're not a loser they're doing things that don't lead to their outcome that's different notices notice what happens when you say i'm a loser which a lot of you may agree with a lot of you may not allow i'm a loser now say to yourself i sometimes do things that cause me to lose what i want and notice what happens to the feelings in your body and your perspective and type in the chat what you discover type in the chat what what what you noticed i feel removed it feels natural okay. From the. Last one okay. It feels more true than i am okay.

Okay. But did once again did you notice the the shift how you become more more embodied with one than the other yes. Or yes. Right.

So here's one of the big things that i want you to start paying attention to from this moment out anytime you talk about yourself pay attention to what level of the belief hierarchy you're operating from every time you say i'm or i have you're hearing belief levels or identity level stuff most people are fail to succeed because they confuse something they do with something they are and all you have to do to take back the power to gain control over it is clear up the confusion all right. Now independent of neuro-linguistic programming uh a lot of you may have heard of a country called the soviet union uh back in the 70s they swept the olympics and they had a train a mental training system that they put all of their athletes through and one of the concepts in that system was that you anything that you identify with anything you identify with controls you anything that you disidentify from you gain power over does that make sense it doesn't make sense. But that's how it works right. So when you went from an i am statement to what i do statement you literally disidentified yourself from that thing which gave you power over it which makes perfect sense if you look.

At this hierarchy from nlp hold on a. Second. So this again is that whole disidentification process now here's what's cool about this you don't need to know this entire hierarchy of beliefs from top to bottom to create change because whether it doesn't matter whether it the belief at the spiritual level the identity level the values level the capabilities level the behavior level or the environmental level they are all built the same way they're all built out of the same stuff. So let's look.

At this really really briefly just. So we understand it okay. Everything that we're going to talk about is built from what we call the primary encoding system their primary encoding system has three channels of communication in it visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustory. So literally information comes in from the outside world it passes through the different cortexes of the brain and it's broken up like white light through a prism into visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory data that information is put together to create a movie of the world right.

And we relate to the world from that movie we don't actually relate to the world from reality we relate to the from the movie we created inside our mind which is kind of why um you know something happened to us shitty thing happened to us once when we were six and 20 years 30 years 40 years. Later we're still mad about it right. It's because we're actually relating to the recording that we made of that event rather than the event itself. So every single one of these uh vak structures is built from visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory data okay.

We call this the primary encoding system okay. So for those of you when you said i'm a winner you had a good feeling. But it was a little bit of a a crappy feeling in the background you've just encountered beliefs you know about conflicting with beliefs you don't know you have okay. In my course hidden laws of attraction i actually show you how to nuke those beliefs and track them down there's actually quite a self-questioning process we call stems which allows you to isolate and eliminate those negative beliefs okay.

So let's talk about and we're gonna we're at the uh we're gonna actually circle back around after the after the the offer part of our webinar and uh show you exactly how to manipulate this system to change your beliefs change your remove traumas get rid of emotional events program your future all that good stuff. But. First and foremost let's start to take everything that we're doing in this webinar and link it to our emotional motivation strategies now the final the final ingredient that you need to be successful is action you need to take action regardless of what you're seeking to achieve no. Matter how much mental programming and manifestation work that you do you must balance everything that you do you must balance everything you do inside with actions on the outside now action is there's a little bit more to just taking action than most people think people primarily don't take action for one of two reasons a mindset or skill set okay.

I make a joke in my hypnosis classes people don't go into transfer one of two reasons they don't want to or they don't want to which is a little bit different we're going to we're actually going to show you a very powerful fun way to go into an altered state very very quickly. But these are the reasons people don't take action mindset and skill set now here's how you begin to identify what's holding you back if you know exactly what steps to take you know exactly when to take those steps and for some mysterious unfathomable reason you can't bring yourself to do it you maybe you feel you a lack of deservingness or other limiting beliefs maybe it's fear of success or failure you become someone you might become someone you don't like very common people don't realize that especially where wealth is involved with um you're you're operating from a mindset issue right. If. However you're frothing you're you're foaming at the mouth to get started if someone will just point you in a direction and say just do this you would take off like a rocket um you're dealing with a skill set issue.

So here's what that means people want to take action they're ready to take action they have no. Clue where to begin they don't know they don't have a how or when or where to take action and that means they need training training they don't know they need many times and i see this a lot with with fledgling therapists and people who want to start their own business they become exceptionally good at the the tools of the trade uh w clem and stone would call that activity knowledge we're gonna circle back around to that in a minute um. But they know they don't uh. So they know how to do the the trade like if you're a hypnotist you know how to put people in trance you know how to do regression you know how to do nlp you have to do all these things.

But you don't know how to get the business you don't know how to con how to create a web page you don't know how to uh do facebook. Ads you don't know how to uh do presentations are tested that you don't know you didn't need. But you can be do or have anything you want in this world. But.

First you have to become the person who who can have it who deserves to have it and many times that requires you to invest time energy and other resources into things that you weren't thinking about initially it's because you need to go through those processes. So you become the person that deserves to have the results that you want right. I see this a lot in hypnosis and hypnotherapy trainings where people who want to be hypnotists or neuro-linguistic programmers or coaches they go to training after training after training after training. But they never pull the trigger because they don't know how to go up and talk to people about their service they don't know how to create an ad or a web page or approach people to do a public talk or or things of that nature the business oriented skills because they were focused on being able to be hypnotizing people well again there are skills you have and skills you don't know you need and this is where the the rubber hits the road many times is because that's what holds you back and it actually comes down to either ignorance or a lack of deservingness.

So um again i'll show you how to what to do about that uh let's see here. So you may have said you may have been presented with an opportunity and things will come up in the back your mind like it costs too much it's to take too long it's too much work right. Anytime you you see these words coming up in your mind when presented with the steps to take what you're really saying to yourself is i don't deserve it i don't deserve to have it because i'm not willing to do whatever it takes to get it okay. I know because i was the poster child for this for decades and it wasn't until i took.

Action on the things i didn't want to that was necessary that i became successful i've seen this trait in winners from all walks of life over and over and over again time and time again when someone i i often say it this way when the want to is strong enough the how-to tends to take care of itself right. So one of the things that we want to begin to audit in our life is and usually people are it's it's it's not one or the other there's a majority of one versus the other. So take an inventory of your life do you have the requisite skill sets necessary to take the action if you're if you're chomping at the bit to get started you're ready to just someone point me in the direction tell me what to do. Then tell me what to do after that.

Then tell me what to do after that if that's where you're at. Then what you've got is a skillset issue and that's easy to fix just do what's necessary to get those skills once you know what they are right. And it always starts with a question right. If you know beyond a shadow of doubt you have every single step mapped out.

But you're not pulling the trigger it's a mindset issue it's a mindset issue and it's almost always going to go back to some form of repressed emotion or a belief an error in your belief system that was coded improperly that's holding you back or it's going to come to safety lessons. First and foremost and. So we're going to show you how to fix those. But you need to take an inventory of what's holding you back from from moving forward right.

So let's look. At the anatomy of action a little bit and the anatomy of success now the information i'm going to share with you. Next comes from one of my mentors i never met the man personally. But i was i was very lucky early in my life to study with a sales training program goodness combined insurance company which was founded by a man named w clement stone now some of you may know who he is.

But almost all of you on this webinar probably know who napoleon hill was true not true okay. Well for those of you who don't know who w clement stone was he was napoleon hill's sponsor uh he uh w clement stone took. A nine dollar insurance policy and turned it into a billion dollar business and he wrote several books one of which was called the success system that never fails. So when we start talking about action um there are some things that that he there's some some techniques and some methodologies that he coined i'm going to share those with you and i want to want you to integrate that into the the action steps that we're taking today.

So let's look. At that once again three ingredients to success from w clement stone he called these inspiration to action activity knowledge and know-how. So let's let's define these okay. Inspiration action activity knowledge and know-how inspiration action what's your why what is your physical mental and emotional desire you want to satisfy what motivates you to want to do it this is where we start to tap into our emotional checklist right.

Activity knowledge this is a skill set thing do you have the fundamental and required skills and knowledge to perform the activities more often than not this is a theoretical understanding you may not have any practical experience yet. But you know what to do in your mind you you're what we call stage three on the on the four levels of learning you're consciously competent when you think about it you can apply it and you can get the rule the the results is that clear. So far because we want to distinguish activity knowledge a lot of people in the hypnosis world a lot of people in the coaching world they have activity knowledge they just don't know how to apply it they don't or they have active knowledge of how to do nlp or life coaching. But they don't know how to go get clients.

So they need the activity knowledge for that. Then they need the. Last piece of the equation which is know how they need to have the ability to practically apply practically apply the skills in the real world right. This includes insights shortcuts and innovations derived from practical experience these are the three ingredients that lead to achievement that lead to success okay.

So one of the we're gonna show you again there are certain things i can share with you as far as the activity knowledge um in terms of where you want to apply it i can show you how to run your mind more efficiently in this webinar i can show you how to do these things for your mind your mindset and your skill set what i can't do for you on the webinar is show you how to apply it directly to the direction you want to go if you're a carpenter and you want to be a better carpenter i can't show you how to be a better carpenter in terms of the practical skills. But i can show you how to change your mind. So that you become a better carpenter with the skills you already have does that make sense yes. Or no.

Cool okay. So. First and foremost let's get it let's let's drill down on inspiration to action okay. So going back to um where'd i put it now here it is okay.

I had it i was on the right. Page to begin with your emotional motivation drill now at the beginning of this webinar i asked you to write down what it is you want to take from this webinar what do you want to be able to do as a byproduct of the training you're on today what do you want to be able to achieve right. I want you to write that down take a minute write it down okay. When you've written it down if you haven't already type done in the chat excellent okay.

Perfect perfect now underneath that gold underneath that outcome i want you to write this question down what's important to you about having it what's it going to do for you okay. Perfect get rid of limiting beliefs you don't have to type it in the chat i just want you to write it on the page very nice now once you've written down what's important to you about getting it imagine from a close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh and imagine for a moment that you've got it that you've applied the uh the drills and the techniques in this webinar you followed all the instructions obeyed all the commands followed all the directions and boom you nailed it you got it home run see what you see hear what you hear smell and taste what you smell and you taste live it and ask answer this question for me now that you've got it what's important to you about having it what's important you about having it right. And write that down i want you to write each of these things down timothy says peacefulness okay.

Okay. Write it down done okay. Full purpose okay. Full purpose happiness contentment um excellent now here's now usually what i do is i go two or three levels deep with this this is what we call the emotional bonding checklist when people when you ask somebody what do you want or what's important about that people answer this that the other thing.

Then you drill down what's important about that and. Then if you had it what would that do for you and what's important about having that i want you to do that process three times take whatever answer you had for c and just keep drilling down until you get to like a word like winningness or happiness and that's perfect okay. Enough stress success excellent now once you've gotten two or three levels of that just type done in the chat perfect now here's the drill i want you to stand up and i want you to speak your answers. First of all stand up take an inventory of your body feelings notice how you feel right.

Now and as you i want you to as you connect everything you've written down to what we're doing in this webinar what we're telling you to do in this webinar i want you to speak them out loud speak your answers out loud and notice what happens to the feelings in your body notice what happens to the feelings you like tell me what you discover i keep looking at all the chats over here christopher chambers says if i had that i'd be able to influence others more freely perfect finn goddess says hi david okay. Serenity and peace giggly empowered to help others feels good now i didn't do this at the. Last webinar. But just to show you how powerful this is all i want you to do if you have a mirror look.

In the mirror if not just imagine just imagine you're you're standing at yourself and and seeing the world through those eyes. And i just want you to five or six repetitions just repeat those words out loud over to yourself over and over again and notice what happens and. Then type in the chat room and type in the chat what happened with each repetition take a minute it's okay. Shoulders relax kate 71 says excellent k51 teaching children peace and connection very good a lot of your pieces coming up for a lot of you i felt the weight come off judah says bliss just crying perfect this is the secret of your power this is the power you to this is the secret to having power over your life over yourself and ultimately if you continue with us and you learn the other applications of this this is the secret to having power and influence with everybody you meet every human being on the planet has the same kind of feelings you have when they hear their words coming back to them from this process do you understand the power of this yes.

Or yes. Okay. Are you more motivated now than you were a few minutes ago yes. Or no.

Exactly now how easy is it to take action as we continue to move forward i want you to continue to link those feelings to everything i'm teaching you. So you become inspired to go the. Next step right. Um and every time you feel it wayne just repeat it to yourself like a mantra and notice what happens these are what we call neurologically active languaging right.

If we were talking about conversations most we would say they're personal trans words right. This is your why this is your reason for doing the things you do for taking the steps and going where you need to go right. Does that make sense okay. Perfect now let's go back and look.

At some rules of the mind now we're going to go through these um relatively quickly um because we're going to do a full treatment of it uh after we come after we do our offer. So i got about you know 10 minutes before i have to do the offer and. Then we'll jump back is that okay. If that if um we start with altered state work we learn how to feel good for no.

Friggin reason and. Then we do our offer and. Then we come back and continue to teach is that okay. Okay.

So one of the. First things that we need to understand is that everything human beings do everything human beings do requires altering your state of consciousness now most people when they start talking about hypnosis and nlp and trance this and meditation that they think they know what i'm talking about um and largely that that belief that they know what i'm talking about gets in their way. So. First and foremost i'm going to ask you a couple of questions i want you to just type in the chat if it's true for you or not if you want to raise your hand usually when i'm doing this in live audience i have people raise their hands you can raise your hand before you type in the chat what's true or not.

So how many of you have ever let's talk about three words playfulness absorption and focus okay. How many of you here who talk about absorption and focus. First of all how many of you here have ever been little children let's go ahead and type that in the chat if you people are raising their hand in the zoom zoom chat because they have that function right. Excellent how many of you when you're a little child played pretend type that in the chat if you play pretend as a kid now when you play pretend i don't care if you were a tomboy doing good boy things i don't care if you're a tom girl doing girl things i don't care if you played teacups with your stuffed animals you played schoolteacher soldier superhero.

But type in the chat what your favorite thing to play pretend at was in the chat. So i can see. So i know which metaphor to use for you future superheroes army spider-man excellent excellent cool now i'm betting i'm betting when you were four five six seven years old and you played pretend that when you and again matt you making close your eyes. If you want or you can just you can just watch me as i speak to you whether you're i'll use a soldier metaphor or a superhero metaphor right.

Maybe you're you're seven years old and you're out in the backyard you're gonna play pretend and. So you you know you're gonna play soldier. So you pick up a stick or maybe you have a toy gun right. And again feel free to fill in your favorite experience for this it's going to work the same way right.

And you pick up a stick right. And there's a part of you even as a five or seven year old that knows it's just a stick for about the. First five minutes about six and a half minutes. Later it's no.

Longer a stick it's a real gun you're really rambo or a superhero wonder when doing your golden lasso you're chucking you're driving and you're killing the bad guys and you're doing all these cool things true not true lightsaber right. Excellent cat guns yes. Right. You forgot did you see all the bad guys you were shooting and beating up in your head did you interact with him like could you hear him talk to you right.

If you could hear voices in your head we have meds for you it's okay. Never mind. But my point was my stick was my rifle and i was indian absolutely right. Exactly here's the question i have for you were you asleep when you were doing those amazing things or were you awake were you completely absorbed in what you were doing were you having a ball yes.

Or yes. Right. Ladies and gentlemen if you can do that just like when you were a little kid play and pretend literally you can make any change that you want any change that's what we mean by playful and absorption play pretend because when you play pretend you activate all the same mechanisms the unconscious level that creates every belief system that you have that creates every memory that you have that has encoded every positive or negative experience you've ever had and you gain the ability to access and change everything would that be useful okay. So here's what we're going to do i'm going to teach you a very powerful um hormonally active way to begin to go into a powerful altered state that allows you to rewrite new programming we're going to do our that once we've done that we've had that experience we know how to do it we're going to break we're going to do our offer i'm going to teach i'm going to show you what we've got coming up for you what we got planned the events and.

So forth that we've got lined out for the rest of the year and. Then when that's done i'm going to circle back and i'm going to show you step by step by step how to leverage that trance to rewrite beliefs remove and dissolve uh traumas and and bad feelings and bad memories from your life i'm going to show you how to program your future using the system of the primary encoding system and we're going to put it together in a nice little package. So you come away from this webinar with a handful of solid techniques and a system that you can use does that sound like a plan is this the same as speed healing there are elements of it from speed healing in here speed healing is actually a derivative of uh of what we're doing it's actually a very small part actually. But there is some of it yeah what if i love the plan going through that now okay.

So close your eyes. Again if you're driving don't do this wait till the wait till your your your home safe before you do this right. Close your eyes. And here's what i'd like you to do right.

Now i'd like you to fly back on the wings of time to a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure imaginable i want you to see what you saw hear what you heard smell and taste what you smell in your taste because when you feel that pleasure i want you to notice something that there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow and where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it. Then what i'd like you to do is i'd like you to imagine if there i want you to use your imagination for me and if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that amazing feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch. So you point to where you feel it reach out and touch the picture where would you reach out to find that picture once you find that picture go with your. First impression go ahead and trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is. Then i want you to reach out grab that picture with both your hands just to make sure we've got the right. One make the picture bigger notice what happens to the feelings in your body when you've got that leave the picture that size type in the chat what happened to the feelings in your body goosebumps excellent wow right. Chills got stronger excellent now reach up now we're going to keep our hands on the picture for the rest of the exercise your picture is a shape that's perfect bring it back to its original size keep it at the original size now now slowly pull it closer to your body.

So you know. So. So and notice what happens to the feeling as you do that once you've got that take the picture now lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice what happens do the feelings get stronger or weaker you're doing great by the way whatever you got you're doing great now you can have this feeling back at whatever level you want in just a moment. But for the sake of our drill what i'm going to ask you to do is i'm going to ask you to unwrap that picture hold it back up over your head right.

I'm going to kneel down here see i can actually show in this in the camera hold it up over your head now most of you know what a frisbee is i want you to imagine that this picture that you're holding is shaped like a frisbee wants you to take that picture and throw it all the way behind you until it disappears beyond the horizon the moment it disappears and has gone completely beyond their eyes. And scan your body notice what happened to those feelings do they get stronger do they get weak or do they disappear completely no. Come back pleasure that's all right. You can have this back in just a moment empty now lift your hands up imagine pretend that your hands are the world's most powerful frisbee magnets i want you to suck that frisbee right.

Back into your hands okay. As you hold it there listen clear closely follow all my instructions i want you to i'm you're going to tell you the most important and powerful thing of the many that you're going to hear in this webinar inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your neurology you are the king or queen of your universe and you have absolutely every right. Privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want i want you to have an experience of that right. Now what i want you to do is i want you to take that picture that you're holding and i want you to play with it i want you to make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it in your body move it outside of your body move it around notice how every time you change some aspect of that picture that you're holding the feelings and the quality of those feelings change too and i want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have in the exact level that you want to have it and when you find that sweet spot you find that special area i want you to fix it into place i want you to feel those energies flow from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream every place that your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve every cell every atom into the very dna of those cells notice that they just keep getting stronger and stronger and stronger now i'd like you to notice where in your body those feelings are the strongest point to where that is if there were a color connected to those wonderful feelings i'm curious what color or colors that might be for you.

First impression whatever that color is that's fine you can type it in the chat if you want. But right. Now all i want you to do is imagine a magnificent ball of that color that pleasure color floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of pleasure begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating and protecting you from all negativity all less than pleasurable experience is real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you know you've got that test it try to turn it off try to make it go away notice what happens instead when you're satisfied go ahead and type it in the chat okay. Dylan if that's if that's the challenge you're having imagine something that was fun for you and start there some people take a little bit longer can't let go okay. You mean you're stuck feeling good now well that's a suck deal isn't it is that a good place to start okay.

Excellent you guys are doing fantastic i'm really really happy with how well you're doing with this now here's how here's how the rest of the night is going to go i'm going to show i actually taught you two ways to induce a rapid trance inside of yourself in that exercise when we come back from the offer we're going to break it down. So you understand it you're going to practice it. So you can do it on demand. But one of the things that the pleasure-based inductions do do do this work for depression yes.

As long as your physiology is right. It'll work it'll work for pretty much anything uh we're going to show you how to leverage this this is a very powerful driver to we call one this is what i call one of the engines of change. So as you get deeper into this you're going to figure out that's what winning feels like yes. Excellent.

So we're going to go back we're going to show you what i've got planned for you that's okay. For you for those of you know you want to take it further and go get it all right. I'll show you what we've got for you when we come back i'm gonna show you what we did i'm gonna explain what we did. So you can do it on demand and.

Then we're gonna we're gonna keep adding layers to this and and build it up. So you can change your beliefs you can change you can kick from action to inaction to action do all kinds of cool things would that be useful okay. So here we go with your permission always with your permission guys i like to go ahead and okay. There's my permission slip.

So let me talk to you about something we put together for you this is called the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training for success home study course uh this is something that i you know one of the things that i i always tell my students is that if you can get if you have a choice between doing a video or coming to a live event come off you know come to the live event. But i realize with the covid and and all the economic issues going on is that sometimes getting to a live event um isn't feasible it doesn't work for everybody and. So i had to sit down and really kind of put my head together and figure out how can i design a program how can i design a package that would give you all the skills that you need the inspiration to action the activity knowledge the know-how to program yourself for unlimited success health wealth and happiness and this is what i put together for you i think this is a combination of some of those powerful trainings we've ever done in a very synergistic way that's going to help you get the life you want the way that you want it. So with your permission let's talk about what we've got here this is a program that's going to help you make more money close more deals get more dates feel more confident remove blocks to your success win the game of life become more charming charismatic and irresistible and here's what we put together by the way this offer expires october 15 2020 at 11 59 pm yeah chris if you're if you're in a country where the borders are still closed stay tuned because we actually have a special program for people who are actually dealing with border issues.

So we've got something that we put together specifically for you guys. So this is the secrets of personality transformation it's a 14 video course that includes the entire seven stage identity by design process and mind control training it's going to teach you how to clear unconsciously held negative emotions and beliefs stuff you didn't even know you had it's a 297 value you're going to learn to remove unconscious safety rules that we talked about the ones that are keeping you stuck you have a step-by-step process exactly for that 297 value you're going to learn how to remove the negative voices in your head that hold you back. So that they move you forward and inspire you and motivate you instead of tearing you down and making you feel like you don't deserve the things you want it's a 297 value we're going to teach you how to install the four pillars of personal power and success into your mind and body. So you can access these states on demand and they actually function as a default way of moving through the world you'll move through the world automatically feeling this way to some degree and you can modulate that at any time you want it's a 297 value we're going to show you systematically how to sanitize the negativity from your past remove trauma.

So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that empower you only in ways that inspire you and make your life better it's a 297 dollar value we're going to include that as part of this program we're going to teach you how to install your personal success template this is where you can literally take everything that we've shown you and install it as a template. So that the baby you the one that's gonna that we're gonna be dealing with as we start to clear our past has all of these resources already on tap. So when she relives those memories that we're going to start to play with they have all these new resources they didn't have at that moment and they go through it completely differently and they become empowered and motivated and unstoppable.

Then. Finally we're going to show you step by step how to borrow or install the genius skills attributes and abilities of others that you admire into your own personal blueprint for success once again we're going to teach you how to rewrite the template that creates your sense of self your identity what you deserve what you're capable of we're going to do it on multiple levels of the nervous system simultaneously 297 value we're also going to include our updated and upgraded real world hypnosis identity by design course manual it's a 418 value if you've seen the updated version you already know it's freaking huge okay. It's a massive it's a massive piece of work we're constantly uh enhancing and adding that if we get up if we update the manual you'll automatically get um permission to download the updated version okay. Plus we're going to give you access to a special online community which we'll talk about has over 210 active members actually has more than that right.

Now uh this that number is dated and that's absolutely priceless. So if you were to look. At everything we've got here you're looking at a total value of 2 497. But as you can probably imagine we're not going to stop there right.

There's more grab your course today we're also going to include the following special bonuses for you we're going to include the special identity by design hypnotherapy home study course now this is a full hypnotherapy curriculum this has the entire identity by design style in it plus a bunch of extra techniques that are not included in the personal power course it'll teach you how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere you'll learn conversation hypnosis you'll learn instant and rapid inductions you learn how to do this as part of your coaching practice instead of a self personal alchemy process you'll learn how to find and remove hidden negativity clear up issues that just don't seem to go away change those crappy voices inside your head. So they build you up instead of tearing you down you learn how to resolve negativity from your past install the traits qualities characteristics that you want and a whole bunch more it's a tooth it's a 1497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you if when you grab your copy of today's program okay. Total value. So far is two thousand nine hundred and ninety four dollars.

But we're not going to stop there we're also going to include uh we've heard me mention this earlier in the podcast or in the in the webinar are hidden our vibrational influence hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation made easy program it's a 1497 value this is brand new we just created it this year based on some earlier trainings and other information that we've had it will show you systematically how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind to once again find and remove blocks to health wealth and happiness that you didn't know you had become a money magnet to become a naturally lucky person one of the things that um that we talk about in this training is the qualities characteristics and attributes of people who are naturally lucky how you can install them and amplify them in yourself we'll teach you how to influence people remotely both for personal um development as well as the ability to heal others remotely how to find and remove hidden negativity clear up issues that just don't seem to go away powerful new information methods for programming your subconscious mind if you liked the uh the exercise where i had you speak your your your trans words out loud you'll love the information method because this takes what you just got to a whole another level i will show you how to attract the things you want and change what you deserve. So you get the things that you know you want we'll show you how to remove all the negativity from your past and. Finally to install the traits qualities and characteristics of those naturally lucky people. So you can own it for yourself you'll discover the two most powerful engines of personal transformation and manifestation ever uh and much much more um this if you want to if you're curious about image cycle if you want to learn how to do image cycling all of david there is a complete module at the end of this training that teaches people you'll still literally see people changing the taste of water as they do their image cycling okay.

Total value. So far we're going to give this to you absolutely free by the way it's a 497 value we're going to give it to you free total value. So far for this package if you were to go to the website and buy it today will be 5 491. But once again there's more one of the things that we talked about earlier in the webinar was he says there's two way there's two elements to action one is uh mindset the other is skill set now we've talked the courses we've talked about up to this point have focused on developing the person you want to be have developed you on on your mindset and giving you the skills that you need or and to go forward.

But sometimes one of the most important skills that people are lacking and they don't realize they're lacking until it's too late is the ability to influence and persuade other people. So what we've done is we've taken a couple of courses from our influence and persuasion training funnels and we've integrated it into this package. So that you have both the mindset and the skill sets covered and this is our real world conversational hypnosis stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol level one okay. Um and in this course it's a 1950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free this is going to teach you everything you need to know to persuade people and remember the exercise that we did where we just talked about what do you want and what's it going to do for you and what's that going to do for you we're going to show you how to take that feeling that you've learned in yourself install it in other people and amplify it to the point where they are hanging on your every word and begging to do what you want them to do we're going to show you literally how to instantly hypnotize people in normal conversations without them ever knowing you're doing it and feeling great about it the entire time uh you're gonna have a mo you're gonna learn how to emotionally bond and connect with anyone you want at will you'll be able to do this anytime anywhere under any circumstances we're gonna teach you how to control your emotions and use them to effectively influence others literally you learn how to go into a state link to another person's neurology and transfer those feelings to them through their proprioceptive nervous system and their mirror neurons we're going to teach you the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist the ones that people can't resist even when they know you're doing it okay.

Just to give you an example we're going to teach you using one language pattern we're going to teach you how to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your subjects or your listeners you can do this in writing you can do this in chat you can do this in text we're going to teach you how to make anything you want cause anything you want you think that might be useful to have the ability to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your in the minds of your subjects or your customers or your clients or to make it mean whatever you decide it means uh we can show you how to literally make somebody's internal thoughts and processes be exactly what you describe we're going to show you how to direct a person's external and internal focus of awareness. So that they automatically focus on the things that you want them to focus on and disregard pretty much everything else we're going to teach you how to make people like love and trust you on command how to have them hanging on your everywhere what if you could just say a few words to people and people were literally in spite of their best idea um uh what's the word on the court in spite of their their best intentions couldn't stop listening to you would that be useful you could just force somebody to pay attention to you in a positive way even if they were trying if people were trying to distract them you think that might be useful we're going to show you how to do that we call this the hidden back door to the human nervous system okay. I'm going to show you step by step four ways to gain magnetic charisma on command and much much more. So for those of you who are having trouble you know knowing how to talk to people knowing how to get people to want to do what you want them to do to win those job interviews this is the course that will take everything you've learned and asked exponentially multiply the power of it okay.

It's a 1950 value it's yours absolutely free if you were to go to the website and buy each of these programs individually uh you'd be looking at seven thousand four hundred and forty one dollars right. But again we're going to include all this for you free if you if you purchase by the end of the webinar. So we're also. Finally we're going to show you uh this is actually something that addresses both mindset and skill set we call this renegade reframing and the art of conversational belief change this is how to change people's beliefs and instantly overcome any objection in just minutes here's think about this one what if you were in a situation where you were trying to convince somebody to be a customer or or um what have you and for every objection they came up with every reason they had for not going forward you had 14 different ways to beat it you think that would be useful it's a it's a variation on the dilts method um what if for every limiting belief that popped up in your head you had 14 or more different ways to change that belief would that be useful this is what renegade reframing does okay.

Uh in this particular program we actually include a card game we call it the reframe game where people literally battle each other kind of like go fish or war where somebody states a belief they throw down a card and a person you're throwing the card down has to overcome the belief using the pattern it's fun it's a tremendous and if you apply this to your own belief systems you'll rapidly discover that your beliefs change spontaneously because through one of those 14 different patterns something's going to hit and it's going to change how you think about your limiting beliefs and it's going to empower you. So for that alone it's it's well worth the 1950. But you can use this in both directions you can use this on yourself and you can use it on everyone you want to influence if what if what was it like if you would never lose an argument ever again would that be useful right. Combined value we're going to give this to you absolutely free right.

Because some of the people we argue with most is ourselves right. So combined value 9 391 when you register for the end of the webinar we're going to include this as a free bonus. So let's look. At kind of review what we've got for you here you've got the 14 video secrets of personality transformation program plus the manual with the seven stage identity by design process that's a 2 497 value we're going to include absolutely free oops we're going to include absolutely free the identity by design hypnotherapy certification home study course valued at 1497. we're going to include the hidden logs of attraction mind magic and manifestation mastery class 1497 we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to include the stealth cpi level 1 universal persuasion protocol by 1 950 people are asking for the link can go ahead and give it to them if they want it already uh and.

Finally we're going to throw in renegade reframing how to overcome any objection and change beliefs instantly. So 1 950 of value uh judith you have access if you get once you get the program you have access to the information for life. So as long as you want it you got it. So total value 9 391.

But you know what remember i said there's two there's two ingredients to success one is your belief system your sense of deservingness and the the desire to do whatever it takes and the willingness to take action and for those of you who who are in that category of fast action takers i'd like to share something with you for today only get the best deal humanly possible for those of you who are ready to move forward if you're ready to take this your life to the. Next level and get everything you want the way that you want it you're not gonna have to pay nine thousand nine hundred and thirty one dollars not at all we're not even going to charge you 600 or 6347 we're not going to charge you 5 347 that would be a deal right. There right. Getting like four thousand dollars off.

But we're not going to stop there we're not going to charge you 5 300 we're not going to charge you 3 300 we're not going to charge you 2 400 or 2 347 not at all for those of you who are ready to take your life to the. Next level with me because i'm going to be with you through this entire process you can get the entire package today for one loan that a one-time investment of just 9.97 and if you need to if you need a little extra help leave extra motivation we can break that up for you into three easy installments of just 397 dollars all you need to do to get started is go to w www.nlpower.com forward slash mental dash secrets there's a link in your web page there there's a link in your browser um and for those of you who are super fast action takers i got something even better for you okay. If you're one of the. Next 15 people listen closely if you're one of the.

Next 15 people to grab this offer. First of all it comes everything is 100 guaranteed if you're not satisfied take 90 days to put this stuff to work if you're not uh 100 satisfied we'll give you all your money back and you can keep the course okay. But give it a full 90 days right. And let us help you if you have any sticking points call us we'll show you what to do and how to work around it we're always there for you stephanie's my administrative goddess and she will help you and get your information to me and i'll help you as best i can.

So once again to get yours now just go to www.nlp forward slash mental dash secrets nlpower.com forward slash mental hyphen secrets okay. And once again now this offer does expire uh today october 15th 2020 11 59 pm for the. Next 15 people those of you who know you want this i got an extra extra bonus for you extra two actually you're also going to get the following bonuses. First action bonus number one we're going to give you a three-month free trial membership to our nlp power mastermind mentoring program and the 10-year video archive this is a 594 value it's yours completely free total value.

So far is 985 let me take a moment jump back to face-to-face. So i can explain what the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is on the. Third saturday of every month we meet online and in person right. Now things are starting to open up from the cover restrictions we'll be going back to live events and simulcasting at the same time right.

Now we're exclusively online. But on the. Third saturday of every month everybody joins me on the zoom class i literally go around the zoom room and i say allegra what do you want to learn catherine what do you learn ernest what do you want to learn xeon what do you want to learn and i take what you want to learn that day i write it on a list i look. Where all of these things intersect i create a lesson plan right.

On the spot and for the. Next four hours i drilled you guys exclusively on those exact skill sets. So you can do them in your sleep it's not it's not a certification track this is purely a skill building opportunity a chance for you to get virtual or in person with people who have the same interests the same desires that you have and do the drills and get the skills with me observing and giving you feedback giving you designing extra drills and techniques to help drive the learning in you get a three-month free trial you also get full unfettered access to 10 years of archive video we've been running this program since 2010 we have videotaped every single one of those meetings and you have and we've archived them on the nlp website our personal facebook. Group and we're now starting to archive them on a private members only section in the youtube channel you will have complete access to the entire 10 years for as long as you're in the program try it out do the drills get the skills for for 90 days three months if you like it stay um if you don't like it you don't lose anything right.

Most people stay because they always have something. Next that they want to work on. But if you come in for three months get everything you need and you're done boom you've got the skills you've got the hands-on that you need to bring these techniques to life okay. Okay.

So i just wanted to kind of look. You in the icon and explain what this is and how it works we have lots of mastermind members in both chats and if you have questions about it they can answer those questions for you let me jump back to the powerpoint. So we're going to give you three months of that it's a total of 9985 dollar value we're also gonna give you um another fast action bonus this is for people who wanna there's like tons of videos on here. But relentlessly on the key hypnotic language patterns anchoring uh lie detection and some other videos and it allows you to just start hypnotizing people within 24 hours.

So 997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free combined total value with everything we've talked about. So far is ten thousand nine hundred and eighty two dollars all you gotta do is click the link and uh and you get yours okay. So i keep saying for the. Next 15 people the.

Next 15 people i forgot where my slide was this is our final fast action bonus this is probably one of the coolest things we've ever come up with people absolutely love it they always sell out this is called our vip super ticket and what this is if you want the. Next 15 people to buy this webinar package today we're going to give you free admission to any single live event of your choice now some restrictions do apply we'll tell you what those are shortly basically the way this works is you uh you know we're going to go over some of the events we've got coming up and if you decide you want to go all you got do is call stephanie hey i wanna go to this time even if that training is full or it's any event that is i believe uh six days or less not sure what's going on yo did i are you guys talking to me close the offer window when you see the offer okay. Uh. Anyway.

So this is good for the. First 15 people who registered today uh this goes away when i close the webinar out it's a 1950 value it's yours absolutely free now some of our trainings are actually more than 1950 and as long as you qualify um we'll show you how to use your vip ticket to get into those trainings now what's cool about the vip ticket and again i want to i want to share this with you what's cool about the vip ticket is it never expires. So let's say you get your vip ticket today. But it takes you two years to get to a live event all you got to do is pick up the phone send stephanie an email say hey stephanie i have this vip ticket i bought two years ago can i use it for such and such training and she'll say yes.

Here's how it works and even if the training is full we will find a place for you that's how the vip take works the other thing about the vip ticket is that let's say you call steph in your email stephanie and register for a training and at the. Last minute something comes up maybe somebody in the family gets sick the boss makes you work won't give you time off all you gotta do is pick up the phone send stephanie an email she will move you to a different training you don't lose it until you use it let's say you're going to come to a training and you want to bring somebody and introduce them to the information that we teach you can transfer your vip ticket to them and they will. Then. Then they can use it okay.

Let's say that uh we're doing a training in a place where the the monitor the money is different like the uk or cyprus where they're on the euro and everything that whenever we do a training that's international with the exception of australia we in canada we do it in the the local denomination. So if you go to a training in cyprus and it's 950 euros which translates to like 2200 bucks or something like that um american you don't pay it doesn't matter you get to walk in like you we have a seat waiting for you because the price point doesn't matter anymore. So um and i've had people i've literally told people hold on to this ticket because i'm coming over to your area and it's going to save you a ton of money if you use this ticket for that right. Now you can use it for an in-person live event or you can do a virtual live event it works either way you can choose now certain trainings that go more than six days um or if they're sponsored by somebody else in other words if they're asking me to come in and do a training as opposed to one that i'm running and promoting and all that other stuff there's some there's some limiters there uh you get a significantly big discount for those and stephanie will be happy to explain those to you.

But those really the only that and the fact that we the certain courses we offer have prerequisites to them and. So we're going to ask you to make sure you've satisfied the prereqs before you try to use your vip ticket for an advanced class um. So that's again uh um trying to remember if there's anything i left out about the vip ticket i love the vib ticket concept because it allows people to to supplement their online learning their their home study courses with one-on-one feedback and work from me we do more hands-on training than any other trainer in the industry um and people come out come in knowing nothing and they come out unstoppable we literally have st we have it on record students from our identity by design class were literally doing change work in the lobby of a hotel that was undergoing renovations right. Next to a jackhammer that was actually operating and they all did perfectly well.

So we teach you and we say you can do this anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason this is one of the reasons it's because of the way that we train you in person and we supplement those trainings with the videos okay. It's really really powerful. But don't believe me ask the people in the chats with you who've done these trainings ask the people who've been in the masterminds what it's like and they don't have a vested interest in in promoting me i have a vested interest in promoting me. So i don't expect you to believe everything i say right.

Talk to these people right. But if you're if you're even halfway serious grab this grab this offer get that vip ticket and really get the tools that you need to move forward with your life i want to help you in every way i can. So let's go ahead and go back to our offer here once again uh combined values 12 932. So once again to review secrets of personality transformation umc plus manual is a 1497 value um identity by design hypnotherapy home study course 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control secrets 1497 hidden laws of attraction i'm sorry uh stealth cpi uh universal persuasion protocol nine one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're going to give it to you free we give you the renegade reframing overcoming and objecturing overcoming objections and clinical classical belief change okay.

It's uh one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you free we're gonna give you three months of the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and access to 10 years of archive video it's a 594 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're going to give you instant access to the stealth instant conversation at moses crash course it's a 997 value you're going to get it for free. Finally vip super ticket your choice of any single live event one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you free total value one thousand two uh twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty two dollars yours today for just one low installment of 9.97 or three easy installments of just 3.97 all you got to do to grab your package today is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental trading secrets if you have any questions stephanie and brandon are online to help you and uh they will help you set up a payment plan they will get you the information that you need okay. This is again what it's about okay. Um let me see where we're at here.

So once again uh 2497 value um seven stage energy by design system plus manual the online community with 210 active members that's the only power program priceless uh bonus identity by design hypnotherapy home study course 1497 value hidden laws of attraction 1497 value stealth cpi level 1 universal persuasion protocol renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change 1 950 value and again the fast action bonuses for those of you registered now uh you're gonna get the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course valued at one thousand or. So nine hundred ninety seven dollars you're gonna get the nlp power mastermind practice group trial 594 dollars and. Finally you get that free vip super ticket any single live event uh valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars total value twelve thousand nine hundred thirty two dollars today only nine ninety seven or three easy installments of just three ninety seven go ahead and use that link and uh what i'm to do now is i'm going to give those of you who want to go ahead and complete um complete your your program with stephanie i'm going to give you five minutes seven minutes to go ahead and do that for those of you um for those of you who are um need a bathroom break i'll give you that um. Anyway let's be nice to each other in the youtube chat there okay.

All right. So we're gonna give it five uh give you guys six or seven minutes while i run to the restroom and take a bladder break when we come back we're gonna go ahead and continue back to uh the reprogramming phase and what i may actually do with this one uh what we're going to do is we're actually i mean actually do a little a little installation or group installation. But we'll see all right. So um we'll be back in uh it's 604 now we'll be back at 609. [Music] um.

Last uh uh if you guys have any questions i can also uh if you're back from your your potty break or you're you're doing your your pro you know if you have any questions i'm happy to answer this for you before we get back to the training um happy to do that vietnam would be a good would now be a good time to get your uh get your packages and get your questions answered david question daniel go ahead talk to me how do i get my login reach out to stephanie and stephanie will walk you through the process of getting you set up yeah brandon and stephanie are behind the scenes making sure everybody gets what they need that's seth isn't there's some talk about me in my own chat how do we reach out to you go to eight five eight hold on a. Second let me do this two eight two four six six three let me go ahead and eight five eight two eight two four six six three renegade reframing used to be titled um um what did i what do we used to call cp cpi 3 it was uh secrets of conversational belief change um objection obliteration we changed the title because it didn't really it didn't really encompass everything that the course did. So we changed it from objection obliteration to um renegade reframing dude the dao says david i have real world no. Sedentary by design already can i buy the package and switch it out for something else yes.

That was what i wanted to mention if you if you already own any of the products on this list anything on here and you want you want to take advantage of this package today all you got to do is let stephanie know what program you already have and as long as the price point matches. Then you can swap it out. So just reach out to stephanie and she will um help you through that process when this when when's the course where number one guru master david was always cool with secret knowledge and how to be the best the best what specifically allegra kitty all right. It's 609 you guys uh you guys can continue to work with stephanie i'm going to jump back it's now time to learn how to reprogram and work with their bodies minds is that okay.

I'll check back on this periodically just to remind you guys okay. All right. So let's go back to this whole pleasure idea this ability to alter your state. First and foremost we have this concept in planet dave we call body centered or energy or body centered energy psychology and there are certain fundamental principles that go along with that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay.

So one of the things that that we want i want you to understand and this is especially true um in the realm of trauma i do a lot of trauma trauma therapy a lot of trauma healing work and things of that nature now a lot of you may know who milton erickson is a lot of you may not most conversational hypnosis in the united states especially from an nlp perspective traces back to a man named dr milton erickson there was another gentleman by the name of dave dobson who was also very instrumental in the formation of the nlp approach to conversation hypnosis. But dr erickson was easily the most well known the most published and one of the things that dr erickson discovered was this this is a very very very important piece of information that you must have if you want to clear your and get good at hypnosis he said and i've proven i found this to be true all moments of trauma are moments of self-hypnosis understand what i said all moments of trauma are moments of self-hypnosis. So if we understand that piece and we combine it with the concept of that everything human beings do is based on a feeling somewhere in their body if all i do when i want to access an issue is point to where i feel it i automatically go into trans you understand that the moment you point to where you feel something you're in trance to some degree the moment you engage your play pretend faculty you automatically go into trans the moment you link external awareness and internal awareness you automatically go into trends do the dao says i bought it david can i switch out identity. But yes.

Just reach out to stephanie and she'll she'll help that help you with that. So let's go back to two things remember at the begin at the. First part of the training i had you remember a time in your life when you felt the most amazing pleasure ever you guys remember that and i said what did i have you do i had you see what you saw hear what you heard smell and taste what you smell and you taste and. Then there was a feeling right.

We call that cortical activation when i say see hear smell taste feel every time i say one of those words a different part of your brain activates are you with me. So far the moment i start activating different parts of your brain synergistically you go into trance. So let's look. At how many trans multipliers we have a point to where you feel it be pretend visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory there are seven pieces that push you and translate that on their own when you stack them you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts you see one of the reasons that people have trouble with hypnosis is because they think they know what hypnosis is they think they know what hypnosis feels like.

But we're not really talking about hypnosis what we're talking about is altered states of consciousness the ability to get every part of your neurology integrated communicating and focused on a particular outcome. So when you take the different elements that we're teaching you and you put them together in a very specific way you get a massive directed force for change in your neurology okay. Now you're gonna hear you're gonna keep hearing me go back to v-a-k-o-g v-a-k-o-g is what we call the primary encoding system every belief that you have every memory that you have every experience that you remember everything you make up is built out of visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory data now each of those pieces of data act like a computer program and tells your neurology how to expect how to how to how to let you experience that information are you with me. So far if you're if you're with me just type it in the chat okay.

Cool okay. So i think i have a graphic that helps me to illustrate this a little bit uh. But i wanna i want us to go through the trans process. First.

So the moment i access a feeling and i turn it into a color i can create a trance does that make sense yes. Or yes. Okay. Now one of the things that we want to do with our trances is we want to create the kind of a trance that maximizes our body's ability to learn and overwrite old programs the way that we do that is by amplifying pleasure feelings right.

So if you remember what i had you do point remember a time when point to where you feel it and. Then i had you manipulated a picture remember that one. But the. Second one as i had you point to where you felt it turn it into a color imagine that color floating above your head fill the room with it breathe it through your whole body do you remember that process okay.

So let's play with this again i want you to close your eyes. I want you to remember that wonderful pleasure color that you had close your eyes. Take a deep breath in imagine a beautiful ball of that pleasure energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that beautiful ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating and protecting you from all negativity all less than pleasurable feelings real or imagined well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything he most wants and everything he most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that i want you to breathe that amazing pleasure color through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you know you've got that test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead type in the chat what you discover okay. So andrew when you say resistance does that mean it doesn't go away uh feeling good filled with light i'm pretty sure peace and calm didn't really want to right. Yeah exactly yeah perfect in other words you're stuck feeling good now aren't you right.

So all you have to do all you have to do to go into a powerful oxytocin-laden state is remember a time when you felt tremendous pleasure that's right. They are you can't turn it off now the more you practice this the more powerful it gets the more powerfully and stronger those feelings get okay. This is a very very powerful way to go into a practical altered state that integrates mind and body and allows you to access a construct we're going to teach you about in just a moment called the proprioceptive grid now before we get into the proprioceptive grid and how to play with it i want to talk about um how to do some uncovering and how to dialogue with your autonomic nervous system you see chase hughes one of my colleagues in the influence fields uh said it best your nervous system your autonomic nervous system does not speak english it doesn't understand french it doesn't understand english it doesn't understand german when it communicates it communicates via the primary encoding system visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory okay. And it creates shapes and colors and sounds and smells and tastes and feelings in a construct we call a holographic and play with my audience and i ask them this trick question i ask them what are thoughts made out of and i get all kinds of really interesting answers some people say energy and some people say emotions and some people say abstract concepts and functionally speaking your thoughts are made out of five distinct building blocks plus or minus one and those are visual auditory kinesthetic and olfactory data okay.

So your beliefs are built this way your um your your daydreams are built this way your fantasies are built this way everything that you can describe is built from these fundamental building blocks now in our identity by design programs in our nlp crane integrative nlp trainings we go deep dive into this system we don't have time to show you all the nuances of it here. But we want to teach you how to work with it okay. And the. First thing is you have to you have to enter a state of integrated mind and body we do that through what we call color breathing which is the exercise we just did name a feeling uh activate five cortexes point to where you feel it turn it into a color breathe it through your body now here's what i'd like you to do right.

Now i'd like you to just um get your body stand like stay remember the moment when you're feeling that intense pleasure stand the way you were standing in that moment close your eyes. Imagine that beautiful ball of pleasure energy floating above your head fill the room wrap it around you breathe it through your body and tell me what happens type that in the chat i want to make sure you've got this before i move on to the. Next piece and when you're done just type done in the chat cool excellent serenity like that excellent perfect now that is one of the fastest trance inductions you can do and it's one of the most important for personal change work and i'll tell you why when the body experiences pleasure it secretes a cocktail of hormones oxytocin serotonin dopamine oxytocin specifically activates a process in your body known as neuroplasticity what it literally does is it allows you to rapidly install new programs and overwrite old ones. So the more pleasure you feel the more pleasure you generate in your body and it doesn't matter what level of pleasure you generated when you do this exercise the more you do it the stronger it will get over time.

So there's a lot to be said for repetition of this exercise right. Uh yeah it's important to be standing properly we'll talk about that more in identity by design and killer influence and cp and stealth cpi. So you'll learn about the importance of posture it's good when your eyes. Roll to the back of your head is that a state of yeah i would say.

So i would say. So right. So again i'm not a pleasure police. So i don't care what the pleasure is that you're bringing up as long as it's juicy and it makes you happy it's going to make every piece of change work that you do far more powerful we want to activate our sense of playful pretend right.

We want to activate a sense of increasing focus and concentration now for those of you who think they know what i mean by focus here's what i mean by focus and absorption how many of you have ever seen a movie yes. Or yes. Type it in the chat people always laugh and ask this right. Maybe you're at the movie theater right.

You got a big bucket of popcorn in one hand your best guy or your best girl in the other you're walking down the aisle which wondering which one's gonna be more fun right. And you sit down in the movie the movie theater seat the lights go down the curtain opens the movie starts for the. Next 10 or the. Next hour two hours three hours four hours you're completely absorbed in that movie can you tell me at what moment you became completely absorbed in that movie the answer should be no.

Because if you were absorbed and focused in that movie you don't know when it happened that's what we're looking for if as you go through these processes there's a part of you kind of sitting outside wondering how well you're doing that's the part that isn't focused and absorbed. So ignore it and go back to being playful and pretend right. Okay. So that's what we're going for when talking about absorption and focus and playful bring the pleasure into your body that activates neuroplasticity and now we play pretend by starting by pointing to where we feel it.

So the. First thing that has to happen is you have to understand how your neurology answers questions okay. So when you activate your body when you talk to your neurology and you ask it for information your unconscious mind always answers. First.

First thing that. First impressions are always right. It always answers you honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's always quiet or off in the distance like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind and it's almost never linear many times when the advanced portions of identity by design and regression training that we do we say go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of x y z problem one two three there's the feeling are you inside or outside nine times out of ten they wind up zero to five years old which is one of the most important time periods of a person's life.

But it's almost never where they expected to go someone comes into my training my clinic they say i got divorced at 30. it's i'm 37 30 years old all of a sudden they're five years old watching their parents argue your unconscious mind does not organize information and events based on time it organizes it based on what they have in common context and similarity and that's why many times when you ask the unconscious mind to take us back you wind up someplace else okay. So i'm letting you know those things right. Up front uh i'll show you the let me show you the screen real quick and you can take a screenshot of this if you want to [Music] dialogue with the unconscious mind. So you might want to take a screenshot of this your unconscious mind always answers.

First usually non-verbally it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's always off in the distance like a whim or a notion and. Finally it's never linear many times where you end up is not where you expect it. So when those things happen it's okay. Once you understand this what's possible you can remove limiting beliefs you get rid of negative emotions you can overcome procrastination and resistance program your future become the best version of yourself and get the life that you want.

But it starts here because if you don't know how to talk to the other part of your neurology and you don't understand how it answers you you'll miss the information because your conscious mind your conscious mind will try to drown it out revise it and edit it are we clear on this part. So far your unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up right. You've ever been doing trance work and the person says go back to the scene situation event or go someplace and something else pops up and your mind goes that's not it the part of your mind said that's not it is the editing factor of your current your conscious mind what came up.

First was the right. Information it just wasn't linear and we need to understand that your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system is not a linear entity it gives your conscious mind the illusion of linearity. So when we start to when we start to dialogue with ourselves we need to understand that for those of you who see clients and you do any kind of directed trance work if you would just teach your clients these six things you would remove eighty to ninety percent of all the trouble you have with resistance to trans and having to kiss hypnosis for 35 40 minutes and and um get rid of all the the myths because the minute i described what they were going to experience and. Then they experienced it it validated every single thing and their my authority and their world went up the compliance went up there was the the transformations were massive okay.

This is something that for those of you who are going to do change work and we're talking about change work on yourself. First. But if you're working with clients this is huge this is huge it's huge huge right. Sorry i had a moment there let's go now um.

So that's. First and foremost everything human beings do is in response to a feeling that feeling is going to have a body location okay. We call this body-centered energy psychology right. There are six or five or six different concepts that go into this some of the most important ones somatic address when i had you remember something and point to where you feel it the moment you pointed to where you feel it you found the somatic address you found the location where all the information that's disseminated throughout the body is stored we call it point and fix therapy right.

So i had to remember a time you know when you felt this most amazing pleasure i did cortical activation visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory i had you point to where you feel it had to turn it into a color fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through you right. What i did there the moment we pointed to where we felt it we activated the somatic address we activated the node where all the different pieces of information that are spread throughout your body come together to create your emotion and your behavior is that clear if you're with me just type that in the chat i want to make sure i don't want to leave anybody behind because once we start getting into the dynamics the system we start rolling out the techniques we're going to move pretty fast cool all right. When you guys were doing the frame exercise making the picture bigger making it smaller moving it forward moving it out did you notice things changing in your body yes. Or yes.

Okay. We're going to be working with that phenomena very very shortly okay. We're going to use it you're going to find that if you can point to where you feel it reach out and touch it you can change it we call the act of pointing to where we feel it reaching out and touching it the somatic bridge in other words we're bridging one division of our neurology which monitors everything that goes on inside of us to the division of our neurology that creates and projects things outside of us we call that proprioception you guys with me. So far when it's inside of us is called enteroception when it's outside of us it's exteroception or proprioception when we take our hands and touch the spot and.

Then touch the spot we activate more brain pathways to that information okay. Now we get to vibrate when you get to vibrational influence i'll teach you some other things about this that are really cool if you're into that woo-woo stuff that works right. So we call this this part somatic bridge right. Somatic bridge and when we as long as we semantically bridge we create a mechanism that allows us to amplify like a volume knob or a dimmer switch the intensity and the meaning of an experience and you'll understand how that works very very shortly.

But are you are you clear on why we're doing what we're doing i'm giving you a little bit of the how not necessarily the why. But the how okay. So we've talked about somatic address we talked about somatic bridge i want to talk to you now about something we've been doing this entire time. But i haven't expressed explicitly talked about we call it semantic engagement semantic engagement means that whatever you're imagining you treat it as a real object and you act out the changes right.

If going back to our frame drill right. I had you point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it with your hands right. As if there was something tangibly there vibrationally speaking there is right. And.

Then i had you do what i had you make it bigger physically moving it i had you make it smaller move it in move it out move it up move it around throw it behind you bring it back right. You're acting these thing if you were smart you acted these things out now one of the reasons that somatic engagement is. So important is because when the body starts doing the movements 90 or more of the entire system goes along and it's just a matter of time before the acting out of the change overwrites the other 10 i found this out by accident when i was doing uh when i was in acupuncture school and i i there was an exam a practical exam for my my body work course that i was in i didn't have a partner for and i hadn't had a chance to study and i'd like 20 minutes to to get the practice and i didn't have a partner and. So what i literally did i'm standing in line waiting to go in i imagined somebody here and i started doing the shoulder routine i started doing the hip routine i started doing the neck uh i think i also did uh low back right.

And at some point remember i said for the. First five minutes you know it's just a stick six and a half minutes. Later it's a real gun you're really rambo and you're really shooting bad guys well that's exactly what happened to me i started working on this imaginary dude and. Then i forgot it was imaginary 15 minutes.

Later i come out of trance dripping with sweat and everybody in the line is looking at me like because i'm literally dancing with nobody. But i forgot there was nobody okay. That was my my aha moment which it shouldn't have been. But beca because i've been doing that in the martial arts for decades.

But i never translated this concept beyond the martial arts we call kata anytime the body starts to act out the change the only variable is time before the entire system buys in right. I've literally you guys have all heard about the spinning technique that i do i was up in la many many years ago i just come out with a spinning technique and i was trying to teach this to a guy who absolutely did not believe it did not believe it and you know sometimes you ask somebody to do something and they're just kind of humoring you. But they're not really buying in. So i said point to where you feel it notice there's a color take it out hold it in your hand and you know he you could tell he wasn't like he wasn't into it he's like okay.

Now what direction is it moving like this notice it grab it with both of your hands okay. Now make it the opposite of what it was and i had to now spin it and double the spin he starts to he's doing he's literally looking like this about 30 or 45 seconds into it this starts to happen he slams it back in he breaks out in a sweat seth i think you were there for that um and he goes holy what just happened right. He did not believe it. But he got the body engaged even a little bit and it was just a matter of time the rest took.

Over and he got changed right. So this is one of the big deals anytime you can get people acting out to change everything else is time time and repetition once you've got the neurology step notice how we're stacking all these different things this is one of the reasons why our processes are. So fast and. So powerful because it gets all of the neurology synergistically interacting with itself right.

Synergistically acting with itself. So somatic bridge somatic uh address where do we feel it somatic bridge interior to exterior somatic engagement acting out the change be with me. So far type in the chat if you're with me perfect perfect well done okay. Last piece on the body centered energetic part in terms of concept i want you to get there's another concept that we work with a lot called the somatic search engine now one of the things you need to understand about every division of the human nervous system is that it is hardwired to seek an answer to any question that you ask regardless of how stupid the question is okay.

Um you know one of my mentors used to used to use this example right. You ever met anybody who has said something like this why does this always happen to me maybe you've done that right. Every time your nerve your neurology hears that question there's a little part of you downstairs going oh he wants a list and it gives you all the reasons why you deserve the shitty thing happening to you right. Conversely if you ask yourself a question like why do i really deserve to have everything i want in life your neurology will answer that too just as readily just as happily because the neurology is a question answering device you're moving through the world asking questions and getting answers.

So i'm going to give this to you in a big in a big picture the quality of your life will be determined by the quality of the questions that you ask by the quality of the questions now in uh hidden laws of attraction included in your bonus package uh we actually have a whole this is something i just i taught on off the off the top of my head because i had it in storage forever it was one of the most empowering parts of the training everybody had they were they were amazed by in fact i put a video of a clip from that training up on youtube we talked about manifestation and affirmation right. So you can go actually see some of that or you can get the whole course as a free as one of your free bonuses. But it was amazing people were just blown away by how to utilize that mechanism to get more of what you want and become the person you want to be it's just nobody taught us how this system works now when you start asking your unconscious mind for information this is the thing you need to understand it accesses all of the information related to what you've asked about. But it only gives you the specific thing that you asked for.

So if i say point to where you feel it notice there's a color connected to that experience what color would that be for you. First impression it's going to access the sounds the smells the taste the feelings the volumes right. It's going to access a lot more information than just the color. But it's only going to give you the color you follow me.

So far because there's too much information there for the conscious mind to process at one time. So the secret to this somatic search engine concept is if you want to facilitate a deeper level of absorption in what you're doing ask more questions you follow me. So far you follow me yes. Or yes.

Now i use a minimalist approach to this um i ask for one or two things because that's usually all i need. But if i feel like the person's having trouble if they're not as absorbed in the process as i want them to be i'll ask more questions i'll say what color is it say take it out hold it in your hand does that mean weight temperature or texture any size or shape the more of that information i ask for the more of it's going to pop up and it's going to happen. First it's going to be honest and it's going to feel like they're making it up. But it'll be real you see how it all kind of comes together for us yes.

Or no. Okay. So somatic search engine always gives you what you ask for facilitates absorption somatic address is where all the feelings come together to create the behaviors the emotional experience in conscious awareness somatic bridge allows you to active integrate inside and outside somatic engagement allows you to overwrite any resistance the conscious mind may be generating to the change okay. So that's the big picture now let's look.

At the system okay. Let's look. At this by the way this is a study from finland shows you where all the all the feelings in the body are stored okay. Here we go now when you encode information it's encoded in the primary encoding system we call it vacog that information is simultaneously locked in the body.

But is projected outward through a combination of your proprioceptive neurology your heart nervous system and your mirror neurons. So this this particular picture is from heartmath.org and it's a representation of the electromagnetic field generated by the heart now one of the things you need to understand about this particular field is that the heart is constantly emitting an electromagnetic field that is measurable with instruments eight up to eight feet or more in diameter and within that field that it's sending out that in that that electromagnetic pulse that it's sending out is emotional information. So much. So that when two people get in a specific vicinity of each other their heartbeats will start to communicate if you go to heartmath.org there's a free ebook.

That they're giving away go to chapter six and it will tell you how the heart radiates emotional information to the hearts of other people or to the brains of other people actually that people pick up on and these people start to synchronize. So two hearts literally beat as one now this field is is depicted as a taurus which is probably closer to the truth. But when i envision it or when i visualize it i see it more like this this is called the proprioceptive grid the generic coding system now you've all already had experience with this okay. When i had you point to where you feel it and reach out and touch it let me make this picture bigger okay.

If you take the center line of the body and draw an axis through it okay. Anything in the po in the frontal hemisphere of the body is a system that is a is a file for lack of a better word that is open hold on a. Second that is open active and running okay. You may remember that i had you take that picture of that pleasure remember we had you remember a pleasurable feeling reach out touch the picture you guys remember i asked you to do that type that in the chat if you remember i asked you to do that okay.

Then what did i have you do i had you play with it didn't i had you make it bigger make it smaller i had you move it closer to the body i had you move it further away from the body when we do this we're moving from remember we talked about identification earlier when we move it when we make it bigger we turn up the volume when we bring it closer we turn up the volume when we move it behind us the neurology reclassifies that information as closed over or complete now pretty much every single one of you when you did this process noticed a significant change a when you made the picture bigger and closer true not true when you moved it behind you what happened to the feeling when he moved it behind you what happened to the feeling got smaller decreased went away you got smart not as strong perfect now here's why i call this a generic coding system i didn't tell any of you to make that happen i didn't tell you to make the picture and make the feeling less intense i didn't tell you to make the picture make the feeling stronger all i had you do was change an attribute of the picture and or move it that's all i did okay. Uh those of you who want to grab our package and get a deeper dive into this system you can go to the link at the bottom of the page there or in your chat hold on a. Second i want to say i want to put this in the youtube chat for people hold on a. Second can i come in no.

I'm still doing my webinar sweetie that's my daughter okay. Hold on a. Second i lost my youtubers okay. There you go okay.

David uh shashikawa go ahead and post your question and i'll go back and look. At it um. So i didn't have to ask you what you were looking at i didn't ask you okay. So this is your generic coding system okay.

I didn't ask you what that pleasurable experience was right. I didn't ask you i didn't tell you make the feeling more intense as you make the picture bigger did i i didn't tell you to make it more intense as you brought it closer i didn't tell you to make the feeling go away when you moved it behind you your neurology did that automatically and by and large everyone on this webinar had a similar experience true or not true right. This is what i call the generic proprioceptive grid now for every every human being has two coatings actually two primary encoding systems in their body both are built from vak. However one is stock in other words if you're an off the rack human being this will probably work for you.

However over time you develop a personalized programming system now i'm going to give you an experience of that right. Now we're going to do this by utilizing the body-centered energy psychology principles the dialogue with the unconscious mind principles and it becomes very very simple all you have to do is name a situation and experience the process now here's how it works if there were a place in your body where you stored things that were true at one time. But are completely false now and you can reach out and touch the space where those things are stored where would you reach out and touch. First impression reach out and touch it when you do that once you've got it take both of your hands trace the outline of that place that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is and what i'd like you to do and touched your heart reach out and touch okay. That's fine. So things that were true once. But no.

Longer true that's weird touching your heart. Anyway. So you have this place where you put things like i was in. Third grade once and i'm not anymore right.

You have a place it's right. Out here now i don't have everybody in front of me. But i guarantee you by a show of hands how many people pointed to their right. How many people pointed to their left how many people point it up how many people point it down type it in the chat type it in the chat where you pointed left down keep going type it in i want you guys to see this right.

Left left up left down front high right. Notice here's the here's the takeaway notice you're all pointing in different locations for the same information this is how your neurology personally codes things in your life right. Every single one of you will do this a little bit differently you have a location let me go back to my my graphics here. So this is your gener your general grid right.

We're going to be working with that one. First this is your personal coding system. So some of you when i asked you to point to a specific experience point it up here right. Some of you pointed over here some of you were right.

Here some of you were here some of you were here you were all over the place why because it's your personal way of doing it right. Some of you put it back here and that's fine. But notice that the vast majority of you were different right. This is what i mean now this vibrational field of information has an unlimited storage capacity right.

And vibrational influence will teach and it's based on physics. But for right. Now the only thing you need to know is that for any state process experience or concept that you can name there is corresponding body location and proprioceptive and grid location where that information is accessible and stored okay. John wick is asking laughing me ask why is there a green screen with a fake bookshelf that's actually and daniel actually um alex actually answered it this actually a photograph of my actual bookshelf that is downstairs and i moved my studio i moved my studio out of the garage over the summer because it got way too hot.

But i missed my books. So much that i i took. A picture of the bookshelf and i use it as a background right. Okay.

So um are you guys following me with this whole grid concept now how do we use that how do we use that okay. For this. First exercise well let me i'm going to give you guys a choice do you guys want to work with the generic proprioceptive grid. First or do you want to work with your personal grid.

First which would you rather do. First we're going to do both it's just a question which one you want to do. First. So type in the chat which one you'd like to work with.

First personal okay. Personal okay. Either is fine okay. Okay.

But need both yes. You do you need both all right. So here's what we're going to do i want you to take a moment think of something that is on on a shittiness scale of 0 to 10. has an intensity of about one to three don't go for any godzilla size stuff here because we want to practice this right. And what i'd like you to do is i'd like you to um a sign click the link at the in the chat right.

There right. Um what i'd like you to do is i'd like you to notice when you think about that thing that is true in your life at the moment or it bothers you for lack of a better word we'll just work with that um point to where you feel it and if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling that thing if you can reach out and touch that picture where would you reach out to touch it go ahead and reach out and touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is make it bigger notice what happens to the feeling make it smaller notice what happens to the feeling bring it closer to your body notice what happens to the feeling put it back to its original location maybe even a little further away notice what happens to the feeling and type in the chat what happened when you moved it around intense not intense okay. Perfect closure was yuckier perfect by the way there's no.

Right. Or wrong answer to this right. What's important is that you calibrate change most people better than 50 size and location make it intense some people when they make it bigger the feeling actually gets weaker we call those concentrators when they make the picture smaller it intensifies the experience some people size doesn't make any difference to them at all. But when they bring it closer they feel the intensity right.

It's not important how you do it what's important is that you calibrate and measure how you do it. So you know how to change it does that make sense okay. Cool now scale of zero to three or zero to ten right. You know one to three intensity things perfect now put that off to the side for a moment not literally.

But just forget about it for one thing about what you had for breakfast yesterday and now what i want you to do is i want you to think about something in your life that has absolutely that you just completely don't give a about like if this thing was right. Up in front of you you'd be like and. So right. Again something that was you could use something that was true once or no.

Longer true or something that um you know you just don't give a about you completely does not phase you does not even count as a blip on your radar as you think about that experience whatever it might be notice there's a place in your body where the feelings or lack of feelings thereof start where they grow and where they spread from point to where you feel that if there were a picture floating in the space in front of you a picture that you could reach out and touch take your other hand reach out and touch that area and take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture. So you know how big it is and just like before make it bigger make it smaller move it closer move it back just. So you know where that place is and when you've got that type done in the chat perfect now now that you've got that think about what you had for breakfast yesterday now once you've thought about what you had for breakfast yesterday i want you to think of that thing that has uh that um bothers you a little bit scale of one to three right. I want you to re point where you feel reach out touch the picture i want you to reach out trace the outline of that picture shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller and.

Then physically take that picture and move it to the location of the you just don't give a about it doesn't bother you in any way shape or form and notice what happens to the feelings in your body and. Then type in what you discover [Music] gone right. Freedom perfect classic nlp right. Perfect right.

Greatly lesson to go on boom welcome to your personal proprioceptive group right. Now this is a very basic intervention. But here's the secret to it going back to our diagram the secret to this is getting the body engaged and understanding that we can do this for every single thing that we can name if we can name it and describe it there will be a grid location somewhere where that information is accessible does that make sense yes. Or yes.

Perfect all right. So here's what i'd like you to do right. Now i would like you to pick something starting beyond that means you're processing i would like you to pick something that is has an intensity level of zero to three that you'd like to get rid of point to where you feel it reach out and touch it and. Then decide what you would like instead or what the opposite of what you're what you want to get rid of would be and ask your simatic search engine where in your body does that feeling reside and.

Then point to the picture in the grid around you and find that location. Then all i want you to do is shrink the picture down shrink the problem picture and move it move it to the new location this is one level of recoating that we can do with this proprioceptive grid structure okay. Just go ahead and do that and type type done when you're done don't need to timothy's asking you're not changing subordinates we don't need to we can we don't need to right. This is a very basic level and this is basically refiling right.

One of the things you need to understand and uh jake was talking about something called sub modalities right. Each of these pieces each of these five channels of information have sub distinctions within them in other words like if we're talking about the visual system for example you might see distinctions like um i don't want to i don't want to mess up my you might see distinctions like in the visual system we might jail down deeper and say is it in color or black and white is the picture moving or still right. We can make more and more distinctions. But we don't need to when we start when we start to do this kind of grid work we always want to take a minimalist approach we want to work with the least amount of information necessary to get the change okay.

So let me make this smaller. So it's easier to see uh okay. Timothy fox is asking do the modalities auto change when you move them to a new location they can timothy they can't um there's. So many things that you can do with this system it's ridiculous.

But here's the here are the main hacks that we want you to have remember your body centered energy psychotherapy concepts somatic search engine semantic engagement somatic bridge okay. So this is how you can begin to take things that are bothering you and move them to places where they no. Longer bother you many times let me go back to face to face many times when something won't go away it's not the event that was the problem it was where we put it most of these um most of these issues that we have are always about how we've encoded the the uh the information not the event themselves how we relate to the structures does that make sense okay. Uh real quick let's just go ahead and review the offer because a lot of people are having to jump off we're getting close to our zero hour.

So here's what we got for here's what we got for you for those of you who are interested it's the secrets of personality transformation unit ultra mind control training package it's 14 videos it's got the seven stage identity by design system plus a manual the online community with nlp power mastermind mentoring programs priceless you're going to get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1497 values we're going to throw in the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control training 1497 value we're going to give you the stealth cpi level 1 universal persuasion protocol right. Stealth cpi level 1 1950 value free bonus there renegade reframing objection obliteration uh 1950 value we're going to give that to you free super fast action bonuses you're going to get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at 997 a three-month trial to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program valued at 594 and you're going to get a free vi ticket vip ticket to any single live event in our 2020 2021 calendar right. At 1 950. total value hundred 12 two dollars yours today for one low installment of 997 or three easy installments of just 3.97 all you got to do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental training secrets jerry some of them are older some of them are newer a lot of them are newer the most legit green screen background i've ever seen thank you right. And stop shouting jerry you don't need to have all caps right.

Okay. So go ahead and jump jump into that uh if you if you're interested uh like i said the. First 15 people only get are the only 15 people get the vip ticket. So if you want to get it do it now right.

Let's go back now one of the things we talked about early on we talked about safety lessons you guys remember that uh varen's asking what's late joiner apologize at the ancient australia what specific product covers this grid technique you talked about uh self uh secrets of personality transformation and real world hypnosis identity by design okay. Okay. Um oh sorry that derailed me sorry about that. So are we clear about this is called this is called refiling in other words we take think about moving a file around on your desktop the best way to really think about this forward segment of your grid is it's a desktop that's open and active running anything that you can reach out and touch that you haven't moved behind you is a file that your neurology considers to be open active and running it's taking up system resources when we take that information and we move it behind us the neurology now classifies it as done complete over.

So one of the most useful places to put anything that's bothering you is behind you now this. Next process is going to use the generic proprioceptive grid and it targets specific negativity in other words if there's something that you're trying to do and you just you're trying something you're trying to get rid of an action you're trying to take and for some reason you get to a certain point and you stop or uh like one of the best examples is when people are spinning things right. They point to where they feel it they notice there's a color they rate it on a scale of zero to ten they say a stereotype rate the intensity the feelings they say nine. So take it out hold it in your hands in front of you notice what direction it's spinning okay.

Grab it make it opposite spin it away spin it put it back in and it drops from a nine to a two and. Then it doesn't go any further right. That's usually the. First red flag that you've got a safety lesson that needs to be removed or or actually it needs to be retained sometimes what will happen is you'll take something and you'll spin it down to zero and a short time.

Later it'll come back also a flag that there's a safety issue that needs retention. So the technique that we use to deal with those kinds of problems where safety lessons are attached is called the magic frame the way this works i want you to think of something that you'd like to get rid of scale of zero to ten do something zero to five i mean you could do godzilla if you wanted to. But there's usually other things that we have to clean up along with the one thing. So i like to keep it simple.

But you can do these in any way you want all right. So i want you to think of that thing you want to change point to where you feel it in your body and if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch go ahead and reach out and touch it for me let's make sure we've got the right. One trace the outline of it with both of your hands make it bigger notice what happens to the feeling make it smaller notice what happens to the feeling does it change yes. Or no.

David is asking what about matrix nlp therapy i don't know what you mean daniel. But i'm happy to magic frame is a big one okay. Now take this picture put a big thick black frame around it big thick black frame okay. Now i want you to feel along the base of that frame you're probably too young to remember when the televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls i'd like you to feel along the base of that frame i'd like you to notice that there's some knobs like on an old style television i want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast turn that knob all the way to the right.

Until the image whites out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the image all the way or turn the knob all the way to the left the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel and just let me know which one you like better once you know which one you like better turn that knob all the way to the right. Or all the way to the left and the image either whites out or blacks out completely now what i'd like you to do is i'd like you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters i want you to write across that write it out screen everything this experience had to teach you positive or negative. So you can keep all the feelings keep all the feelings and let everything else go okay. Now the best part is there's a sometimes there's a part of you that knows exactly what to write.

So just go ahead and write sometimes you don't consciously have a clue what you're writing. But there's a part of you that always knows. So just start that finger moving across that white house screen some people just draw squiggles some people just draw pictures every now and. Then summer cal stream writes you you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously like they're writing chinese and hebrew at the same time.

However your body does it is perfectly okay. But i want you to write in glowing golden letters across that whited out screen everything that experience had to teach you. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go if feelings come up put them on the screen as they come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them solve dissolved and resolve from the body solve dissolved and resolve from the mind for all the right. Reasons and.

Then when you know you're done only when you know you're done reach up shrink that picture down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice it float up over the top of your head back beyond the horizon and you know the sound a nail gun makes when it's banging in when it's banging in those nails or a hammer is banging in those nails if you look. Nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back and when you feel it nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back test it try to bring that feeling back and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied type what you've discovered in the chat cool jackie jack is will this help with helping yourself heal physically yes. Because every experience that we have every subjective experience that we have is encoded with these same building blocks and once you understand these how these building blocks interact with your neurology you can change anything you can point to most of it's gone perfect yes. Jerry you can use it for a present too they go ahead and play with it right.

Ernest says i feel. So light alana says elation agnes says it's gone sandra says feeling lighter right. Now how many of you just uh how many of you is it completely gone the rest of you how much how many is there anything residual left if there's some residual just type in the chat i'll show you what to do. Next all gone okay.

Okay. Now remember the very. First thing i taught you about color breathing close your eyes. Point to where that residual feeling in your body is scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of the feeling and if there were a color connected to that residual feeling what color would it be for you.

First impression whatever color it is just make a note of it now somatic search engine if your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system your higher mind your higher self could send you a feeling a color a frequency or a vibration that would completely dissolve those residual feelings away to the point of zero or even better in such a way that you get exactly what you want instead what color or colors might it send you. First impression type it in the chat excellent minute you have a color close your eyes. Imagine a beautiful ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take in every beat of your heart that beautiful ball of color begins to glow begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of resolution a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting from all residual feelings real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through that residual area and notice what happens take all the time you let that energy flow into that area like hot water flowing over an ice cube notice how those areas begin to shift and change is with every breath you take in every beat of your heart that energy fills you up from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and when you know it's completely gone type completely gone in the chat to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process take all the time you need there's no.

Rush gone and damn i'm sitting up straight completely gone there will be a recording of this yes. Gone gone gone excellent. So now you've got three techniques have you not rick said rick me says wow alana says gone perfect okay. So if you re if i want you to go back and really really rev becca's dad says gone i want you to go back and review these videos especially this the whole piece.

But notice how we're activating notice how we're engaging and you integrating all of the concepts that i gave you joey stormer says gone with some tears pankaj says done rig me says wow is this useful is this helpful would you like to learn more would you like to learn more sandra says gone with tears brandon says absolutely yes. Master i'm just a dude in a vest why does the three to five connect to godzilla because that's just how you're there's something that those three to fives have in common with your godzilla level issues we call that body mapping and. So remember your unconscious mind groups things by what they have in common right. If you can do them with the threes and the fives you can do them with the nines and the tens it's the same mechanics it's just that when you're here's here's an important piece to self-development or personal work personal alchemy as i like to call it one of the problems that we have with self-help is that we instinctively buy we instinctively take information that we have no.

Practice with we have no. History of success with and we're always pitting them against the things we've been doing the longest and the strongest and we get completely overwhelmed and we don't have the rece we don't have the practice and the history of success with the techniques we're literally many times reading it out of the book. While we're trying to take on godzilla it's bambi versus godzilla and. So you get overwhelmed you have to flip the script on that you have to create a level playing field in the change work you're doing.

So that by the time you're taking on godzilla level stuff you've got a godzilla level technique and the way you do that is through repetition and working on smaller issues. First now that's not how our neurology weights things in terms of priority it always gives the most heinous problematic stuff priority. So that's what that's why when you ask people to clear stuff they always plug the most heinous things in their life because we're weighted that way it's got the most charge to it. So we got to deal with that.

First. But if you want to be good at self work you've got to flip the script you've got to take a technique that you have a level one or two experience with and practice on level one and two problems until you've reached a certain level of confidence and confidence with that. Then you take on the level threes. Then you take on the level fours and the level fives and by the time you hit the fives the sixes and the sevens your neurologist says i can do this boom and it just whacks it a lot of times it'll just automatically purge the stuff from you right.

So um. So don't be afraid of the godzilla techniques. But remember you have to train you have to train your neurology and exhibit state control and structure and that's what we taught you the. First thing we taught you is how to enter state and.

Then how to access structure and integrate them right. That's what we began the webinar with you guys remember that yes. Or yes. Yeah it's it's again remember what i said always.

Last person not linear it'll take you by surprise and the part of you that's surprised is your conscious mind you can't say heinous around a six-year-old boy all right. So um i got time for one more technique um before we go. But uh just again uh since we're coming up towards the end the end we have less webinar left and more. So i'd like to once again just give you an opportunity if you haven't already made the plunge uh secrets of personality transformation is the webinar for the special program that we're offering and it's the 14 video seven stage identity by design system plus the manual it's 242 497 value the bonus video is identity by design hypnotherapy home study course it's a 1497 value we're going to give you that free you're going to get the hidden laws of attraction manifestation mastery and mind control mastery home study course 1497 value you're going gonna get the stealth cpi level one real world conversational hypnosis system 1950 value you're going to get that absolutely free you're going to get renegade reframing and the art of objection obliteration speed conversational hypnosis and belief change valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're also going to throw in that uh fast action bonus for the.

Next 15 who who enroll you're going to get the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course valued at 997 the fast action bonus of nlp power three mind master three three month mastermind trial membership valued at 594 dollars and. Finally you're gonna get that free super vip ticket to any single live event in our 2020 2021 calendar remember that the vip tickets do not expire. So once you have it if it takes you four years to get back to an event that tick is that ticket is going to be waiting for you regardless of um you know when you take advantage of it uh it it doesn't expire you have it until you use it um it doesn't matter if it's an international event or a local event doesn't matter if it's an online event or an in-person event we recommend you use it for an in-person event. But you're more than welcome to use it for virtual training okay.

Total package value today's twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty two dollars zero cents you can get it all for one low installment today of just 9.97 or you can make it break it up into three easy installments of 397 and all you got to do to get yours is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental dash secrets forward slash www.nlp power forward slash mental secrets for those of you in the youtube channel that bitly link that you see there will take you to the exact same page if you have questions you can reach out to stephanie at nlpower.com or you can call it directly at 858 282 4663 oops it's one too many threes there eight five eight two two okay. All right. Finally we're going to do and by the way. Last week the.

Last we did this webinar a couple of weeks back and uh if you need to do venmo reach out to stephanie and see how she wants to handle that okay. Venmo might work. So. Last week or.

Last time we did this webinar we taught some slightly different techniques. So it might be worth your time to go back uh to. Last week's webinar or. Last month's webinar i forget how many weeks ago was two weeks i think and review those techniques as well we could again it's just it's similar content.

But we we focus and emphasize different things based on the people right. Okay. Questions on that. Then who saved me a few times yes.

I know all right. So use type in the chat where you're at with this that means i get a new password uh one at all of course you do anybody else okay. You have 58 people left on on zoom good greedy. So greedy i'm all good and ready okay.

Very cool very cool all right. Um let's do this one now remember i said that your neurology what you know what i'm gonna give you a choice let me give you a choice do you want to program something into your future or do you want another tool for cleaning up which would you rather do i'll give you a choice type it in the chat okay. Okay. Here all right.

Here now to do this we have to access your personal grid okay. So here's the deal i want you to close your eyes. And think about something that happened to you 20 years ago and if there was a picture floating in the space around you that represents that 20-year experience a picture you could reach out and touch take your hand reach out and touch it excellent now think of something that happened 10 years in the future from today 10 years from today reach out and touch that picture think of something that happened five years ago touch that picture now think of something that happened five years in the future reach out and touch that picture connect the dots. So literally your these coordinates might look.

Like this right. And as you connect the dots you notice how they describe a line now when you pay attention to the line there's two things you want to there's one thing you want two things you want to pay attention to a does the line pass through any part of your body even a little bit okay. If it does nlp would call that in time if the timeline is all outside of your body like here nlp calls that through time now functionally all that really means for us is that uh through time people tend to be a little bit more present. Then our end time people rather tend to be more present.

Then through time people okay. Doesn't mean you're bad through time people are always more on time than in time people just. So you know there's pros and cons to everything now once again this is where where like say allegra using allegra for example she points to something that happened 20 years in her past she may point up here right. But if i ask k 51 to point to something that happened 20 years ago she may point over here right.

This is why this is a very personal thing now what we're going to do now is i want you to close your eyes. Breathe your pleasure energy through all throughout your body all throughout your mind. But all of those wonderful pleasure feelings come flooding back and i want you to imagine now that you could take your hands and grab each end of your timeline [Music] and pull it straight. So literally if you have a line that zigzagging imagine you could take both ends and just make it straight i want you to breathe your pleasure color through your entire body i want you to float up out of your body until you can look.

Down and see your timeline and what many people notice is when they float when they look. Down at that line of time they often see what look. Like little dominoes if you guys ever seen dominoes in a row or slides in a slide carousel and they instinctively recognize that each of those slides represents a day a week a year a time in their life and sometimes the really good times are really bright. Sometimes the dark the bad times are really really dark.

But. However your timeline manifests good and bad not. So in and neutral it's perfectly okay. I just want you to float up look.

Down at your timeline and when you see what i'm describing or your your version of it. However your body does it i want you to allow your eyes. To open for just a moment float down into your body allow your eyes. To open and type in got it in the chat okay.

Cool perfect now here's where it gets fun here's what i want you to do i need you to start to access a couple of filing cabinets for me vibrationally speaking right. So the. First thing you're going to do is you're going to think of something that you know beyond a shadow of a doubt is 100 percent incontrovertibly true like maybe you know you're a male or a female right. You know you you've looked at the plumbing you see it right.

I don't care what your gender you associate with i'm looking at the biology the plumbing right. Right. Um and now that's just an example all right. It's i'm not trying to be politically incorrect i am trying to be politically incorrect because i thrive on that.

But that's a different issue right. But i want you to think of something that you know is absolutely 100 true will always be true can't be anything. But true could be as simple as the sun's going to come up every day for the. Next hundred years right.

Could be um i know that i have a right. Arm right. You know whatever it is i don't care make it simple. But incontrovertible when you've got that i want you to do two things for me.

First and foremost i want you to point to where the feeling connected to that truth is located and. Then i want you to reach out and touch the picture you jump back to this. So once you know where it is point to where you feel it reach out and touch the picture okay. Now trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is and here's what i want you to do i want you to examine that picture and what i want you to do now is i want you to take an inventory of its attributes in other words i want you to notice if it has a frame around it or if it's a panorama is it in color or is it in black and white is it moving or is it still is it two-dimensional or three-dimensional is there sound is the sound loud is it soft is it rhythmic is it on one side or the other is there no. Sound right. I want you to go through as many different attributes of the visual channel as many different attributes of the auditory channel as many attributes of the kinesthetic in other words the feelings okay. Go through all the va kog olfactory and gustatory make an inventory of it right.

Make sure you know in your mind exactly what those attributes are got it when you got that take a snapshot. So you know exactly what to do put it off to the side put it off to the side think about what you want to program for what you want to manifest okay. Close your eyes. Imagine what that would be like imagine what that's like to have it right.

See what you might be seeing in that amazing experience hear what you might be hearing smell and taste what you might be smelling and tasting because when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an awesome feeling that you get and there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow and where they spread from point to where you feel it reach out and touch it okay. Trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is when you got that type done in the chat. So i know we're all on the same page excellent now just like before i want you to inventory the picture what are you seeing is in color of black and white is it moving or still is it three-dimensional two-dimensional is it are you in it are you watching it as if it's through your own eyes.

Whatever jumps out at you in terms of the visual attributes of that experience now look. At now listen to it are there any sounds are they louder on one side or the other is it rhythmic is it arrhythmic is it noisy is it musical are their voices or their tones what are they now look. At the olfactory and the gustatory elements smells and tastes and. Finally the feelings what kind of feelings do you get right.

And take a snapshot of it. So you know what those attributes are and. Then i want you to put that to the side and bring in the picture of something that you absolutely know is one hundred percent true put them side by side and compare them visual to visuals and make the thing you want to manifest have the same attributes as the thing you know is absolutely true take a few minutes make the visuals of the one you want match the visuals of what's true make the auditories of what you want match the auditories of what's true you'll see in a minute okay. And just keep changing okay.

And when you're all done when you've changed the v the a the o the g the k and the the attributes of the picture you want to manifest match the attributes of the picture that you you know is true just type done in the chat and move on beautiful now there's two ways that you can do this we're going to do one that's a little bit different than the one we did. Last month or two weeks ago okay. So what i want you now i want you to close your eyes. Breathe your trans pleasure energy through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away when you know you've got that let go of your body and float up out of your body bringing that new picture with you the thing that you've created to manifest i want you to float forward in time along that timeline until you find until you're directly over that place in your life where you want this to manifest and when you know you're there float down and plug that picture right. Into your timeline like plugging a usb drive into a usb slot or a nickel into a slot machine just really just click in when you've done that float down into it make sure it feels exactly the way you want it to feel and.

Then float up float forward in time just a little bit maybe a day maybe a week maybe a month turn around and look. Back from the future at the new event that you installed and notice how it looks notice how it feels notice what's changed in your future as a result of what you've programmed and. Then just allow yourself to turn around and float backwards along your timeline until you're hovering over your body and float down into your body and when you know you're fully back in your body allow your eyes. To open emerge from trance notice how different you feel and type in the chat what you noticed what you discovered there are.

So many things we can do with this with this system it's crazy now what's interesting about this process is that you don't even have to remember what you what you plugged in this works very very often like a gps or an autopilot it will actually steer your neurology towards the outcome okay. Is this useful is this helpful cool this and more in your webinar package right. Lots of cool stuff lots of cool stuff there is. So much there is.

So much we can do with these systems right. There's. So much we can do right. There are other ways that we can use this to program futures um and of course an identity by design we'll show you all kinds of different ways to do that uh by the way for those of you uh who are interested uh let me tell you what we got coming up really quick that's not it for those of you who are interested in getting face-to-face with me uh coming up i should have done this earlier i apologize um this is what we've got coming up in the.

Next three months for those of you who want to get get into training with me uh at the end of this month october 23rd through the 25th we've got a three-day online conversational hypnosis certification boot camp. So if you want to go ahead and use your vip ticket and join me you'll be able to get one-on-one training with me in conversational hypnosis november 6th through the 8th november 6th through the 8th uh we've got a face reading level 1 certification also virtual uh we'll be streaming live from san diego. So if you want to use your vip ticket for that you're more than welcome to and. Finally we'll be showing up live in washington dc at the real world hypnosis five-day hypnotherapy certification boot camp uh this will be a combination of the identity by design silo along with some modules on what we call generational trauma which is trauma that's inherited from ancestors right.

And of course in january 2020 we'll be doing our secrets of the golden path as a hybrid. So you can use your vip ticket for any of these or any of the other count any other events in our nlp power calendar okay. So again these are just some these are just three we got we got probably 20 events coming up in the. Next 18 months.

So um if you have any questions you can reach out to stephanie at nlpower.com cool for those of you who again can't travel because your borders are closed there is a hybrid training option you will get a certification there are a few extra hoops that you have to jump through. But um we'll be in yeah you can use it in 2021 as well fight fearless okay. Linda says huh sorry it happens both ways it didn't want to be off i don't i don't i missed the context there. But i hope uh i hope that was good okay.

So was this fun do you learn did i did i live up to the promises that i made at the beginning of the webinar now if you take the things i gave you the somatic search engine techniques the the body centered energy psychotherapy this proprioceptive grid concepts the six dialoguing techniques of the unconscious mind belief and identity and action you can make any change you want. But you have to be able to alter your state and act out the change there are people in the nlp world who say you can do it all in your head and you may get some degree of change doing that. But you won't get the same degree it's very very very few people get the same degree of change just doing these things in their head as when you follow the principles we've outlined keep your stuff simple if you can point to where you feel it reach out and touch it you can change it all you got to do is ask the right. Questions okay.

So hold on there's a question here about hybrid trainings. But hybrid does that mean available online and in person or what do you mean by hybrid um exactly it's it's it's uh the hybrid training is basically um you log in virtually and you go through the class in real time with everybody else and what happens is we give you as the virtual participant permission to zoom record all of your breakouts. So when you break out to do your reps we give you the ability to record those and. Then at the end of the training you have to submit all of your recorded practice sessions to your proctor who's online the proctor and the moderator will actually review those videos and make a determination if you've done the required amount of repetitions if you've gotten the results that we're looking for and.

Then they'll vet you on it and. Then if if you pass muster on that you'll be issued a provisional certificate which gives you all the rights and privileges of a certified hypnotist right. And you'll also be issued a free vip ticket to attend the. Next available live version of that event where you can be vetted in person and.

Then you'll be issued a full certification um just as if you you know taken the class. But you will get certified. But we're going to make you submit your work we're going to make you show us that you're doing these things the way we want you to do them that you're getting the results that we're we're looking for okay. So that's what i mean when i say hybrid okay.

Um cool all right. So uh before i go let me just go ahead and one. Last time this is this is the. Last call guys if you had a good time please tell people about it please go ahead and review all of our previous webinars we've got lots of stuff that we covered on that webinar we didn't talk about here we've got a lot of stuff here that we covered that we didn't talk about in the previous one.

So i always give you the same kinds of content. But i emphasize certain things and. So forth okay. So once again for those of you who want to take advantage of this secrets of personality transformation the ultra mind control training and success mastery home study course it's a 14 video set with the seven stage identity by design system plus the manual it's 2490 value we're going to include free of charge in that the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1497. we're also going to include the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mastery and mind control home study course that 1497. we're going to throw in the stealth uh cpi level one real world conversational hypnosis course 1950 value and the renegade reframing objection obliteration and the art of speed conversa conversational belief change uh valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars for those of you who take action.

Next 15 you're going to get that stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course valued at 997 you're gonna get the nlp power mastermind practice group trial three-month trial 594 value with unlimited access for those three months to 10 years of archive video footage from every training that we've done it's a 594 value and. Finally to put the cherry on the tit on the on the top on the on the sunday we're going to give you a free super vip ticket to any single live event in our 2020 and 2021 event calendar now you're not limited to 2020 and 2021 if it takes you two three four years to use that vip ticket it does not expire and if something happens at the. Last minute and you can't you can't make it you just pick up the phone let us know we'll move you to a different training if something happens at the. Last minute that lets you come to a training and you want to show up pick up the phone send us an email and we will do our best to get you in that training as fast as humanly possible it does not expire and you have it until you use it total value one thousand or twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty two dollars if you went to the website to buy it today which you can't all of it today this one low installment of just 9.97 or if you prefer three easy installments of just 397 and all you got to do to claim yours is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental hyphen secrets that's www.nlpower.com forward slash mental hyphen secrets one more time with feeling www.nlpower.com forward slash mental hyphen secrets or you can use this bitly link want a.

Second right. Here and that'll say that'll take you there too all right. So i i hope you've had a good time i hope you learned a lot i i want you to go out into the world start cleaning up your start programming your future remember the difference between a neuro linguistic programmer and a hypnotist well there's two really a the name and b neurolinguistic programmers tend to over complicate. But if you can point to where you feel it you follow the principles of semantic engagement you interact with your proprioceptive grid and you change things from what you from what you got to what you want instead and move it to the proper locations you can change everything and it just gets more powerful right.

Prime yourself with pleasure reorganize your entire desktop in terms of your proprioceptive grid refile things moving behind you save the lessons and you'll discover very very quickly that you just become more powerful as time goes on i sincerely hope you had a good time like i promised you this was not going to be a short webinar i hope we've delivered on the promises that we've made we've given you the tools to go ahead and attack the things you want to attack and amplify the things you want to amplify and get everything you want by becoming the person who deserves to have them i love you all good night and god bless we'll see you soon once again go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental secret hype mental dash secrets reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 or stephanie nlpower.com.
