Title: R_j1EtCHulw.txt
Video Id: R_j1EtCHulw
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_j1EtCHulw

E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David welcome to secrets of ethical influence secrets for winning clients closing sales faster than ever before for the. Next 30 to for the.

Next two to three hours. I will be your host as we go on a journey into some things that are both familiar and maybe not quite. So familiar uh in the concept of persuasion and today's emphasis will be more on business sides of things. I know a lot of times when we um when we l on to these webinars a lot of us have therapeutic applications in mind or we have um romantic applications in mind every now and.

Then we get parenting uh today. I want to talk a little bit about something that's really really important and that's going to the bank right. And going to the bank in life which means being able to get the people to make the decisions to buy your product or service to to get people to trust and believe in you and. So um that being being said uh today's class is going to focus on ethical approaches to getting people to really really believe in you psychological tactics for ethically influencing humans to do pretty much whatever you want um how to gain massive.

Rapport and minimum time secrets for accelerating trust and belief uh removing resistance and amplifying compliance very very quickly and we're going to teach you some of the. Hidden master keys for turning objections into opportunities. So. I'm going to jump out of my.

PowerPoint just. So you can see me face to face and uh before we get into the the body of tonight's content the body of tonight's training um. I'd like to know uh how many people are brand new to. Planet.

David where you're checking in from go ahead and post your name and how and how you found us and what you want to take away from tonight's training and uh we'll go from there hold on a. Second let me find my other and a quick shout out to my my wonderful loving uh. YouTube members who are joining us from wherever they are in the world. So by all means uh keep in mind if you are joining us from.

YouTube there is a bit of a lag between when. I speak or do something on the video itself because we are streaming from. Zoom versus when it shows up uh in your feed. So um the real time the the chats fortunately for us are in real time.

But um yeah. So that being said. So let me just take a look. At we're all our we're all my newbies tonight how many newbies we got got.

Deborah raising her hand welcome. Deborah type in the chat if you would what is it you want to want to take away tonight what do you want to learn what do you want to be able to do as a byproduct from tonight's training okay. Jack says. I've known this nut for eight years yeah we can't get rid of it you're kind of stuck with us right.

By the way just uh quick marketing uh uh uh approach you guys like the beard or not should. I keep it or or get rid of it you tell me just type it in the chat. I'm good either way. I'm not married to it my wife is.

But. I'm not okay. So you're gonna want to. You're.

Gonna want to take some good notes tonight um. I'm gonna cover some things. I'm gonna. I'm gonna cover a lot of the things that.

I cover in uh. Aram says my my beard is great great everybody seems to like it. Sten. Michael.

King thanks for all you do. David got you're welcome. Steph haven't heard from you in a long time. Katherine loves it okay.

All right. So far it seems to be uh pretty positive. So. Deborah is saying she would love to learn how to read people well that's kind of a byproduct of what's going to happen tonight you're going to learn a lot about how to read people's inner world kchen says get rid of it oh.

Blanca says new to your channel just subscribed. Last week. So. I've got one against and a bunch for.

I'm not again. I'm not going to be offended either way right. Um my wife keeps wondering how a 58y old old can look. So young not my wife my daughter.

I should say. But. Anyway uh. So let's talk about.

Rapport. So just now one of the things. I want to. I want to go over as we're going through the content of tonight's webinar is.

I want to emphasize um there are certain things that are universals there are certain things that you're going to be doing regardless of context uh. I've spent the the the better part of my life designing systems that can be transplanted into any cont text now when you promote something like that it's it's you have to. Niche it like this is. C the.

CPI killer influence system for selling this is the. CPI killer influence system for dating this is the. CPI killer influence system for therapy and coaching it's the same system right. But because people don't think at a most people don't think at this.

Global level you have to present things in a way that they can relate to it and that's the very. First thing that. I want to talk talk to you about about creating ethical influence there has to be a match there has to be a a. Synergy between what you're presenting and what the person is looking for.

If. This. Were a marketing class we would talk about having uh entering the conversation inside of the the subject or the the buyer's mind what. I'm going to share with you tonight is some simple effective ways to get a snapshot into the buyer's mind.

So that you can create your narratives in compliance or in accordance with what's going on inside their head and their heart because if you can capture a person's heart. Then you have the ability to lead them pretty much wherever you want them to go and they'll think they're the ones leading okay. So that being said uh couple of things you're going to want to do tonight you by the way nothing in this uh nothing in this class and. I.

I can even though we are a web right. And we are going to be teaching you we're going to have offers and all that stuff nothing in tonight's webinar is theoretical this stuff has been proven over and over and over again in every form of persuasion and influence environment you can imagine from. Deep level interrogations to covert elicitations to sales and marketing mediation to go to negotiation these principles work okay. Because human beings even though our technology has evolved dramatically in the in that over the.

Last several hundred years our physiology and our psychology really hasn't. So the same things that pushed our buttons a thousand years ago are just as true today because human human neurology simply doesn't evolve that quickly the needs and desires that get us out of bed in the morning haven't gone away that being said the there's going to be tremendous tremendous power in the techniques and the tactics. I'm going to share with you my belief. My.

Hope. Is that you will use these things in the spirit with which they're being shared with you and what. I mean by that is is in terms of a win-win situation if you apply the philosophy that we do with the killer influence system and by the way. I should talk about the killer influence system really really quickly um the killer influence system is not killer as in.

Murder it's killer as in cool right. Uh and we named it that because hey it gets your attention and it and it stimulates your reptile brain. But the reason that we we we we talking talking about this system because it's about moving through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good and showing them the fastest easiest way to get what they want. So by doing what you want now is that is that okay.

Are people okay. With that because if if you're not okay. With that you shouldn't be on this webinar. So type in the chat.

I'm okay. With that okay. Just. So.

I know this is a very interactive class you're going to want to take lots of notes you're going to want to make sure you have caffeinated. Beverages and things to um uh to feed your brain. So to speak right. Um lots of our uh chats going on over here.

So. Ryan's okay. With that. Enrique.

Santos okay. Good good good uh ashim says says. I also have a chapter in book. That.

I'm working with flirt like a serial killer yeah. I'm not sure how. I feel about that. AR quite frankly.

But we'll we'll see all right. So a couple of more administrative things. Then we're going to get into um a deep dive into this idea of this concept of. Rapport what it is how it is what it is not because a lot of people when we talk about.

Rapport they they think a rapport is about liking and it really isn't. Rapport is about a type of connection that you have with another person's nervous system that causes information to flow back and forth both consciously and other than consciously we're going to talk about how that can be leveraged. But there's other things that go with that because one of the things that you can be in rapport with somebody and not trust them right. How many people here by a by a show of hands have ever been attracted to somebody they just didn't trust true not true right.

So and and again whether you raised your hand or not we've all had people that we've been attracted to and we wanted to to believe in them. But for some reason it we just there was just something below the surface that just would let us know that this isn't somebody that we can we can get go up. So one of the things. I want to talk about a lot in this class is going to be something called authenticity and value sharing we're going to talk about a concept called identification we're going to kind talk about a concept called transportability we're going to talk about hacking the neurology from an entrepreneurial mindset how to create very powerful levels of sess and connection.

But we need to understand this concept of trust and trust is about a feeling of sameness between you and another person where and an energy of predictability where there's just an automatic assumption that when somebody when this person tells you something that it's true a and that they're actually going to fulfill what they say now one of the ways that you can begin to create this energy of trust is through a concept we call authenticity okay. So. I'm opening a bunch of. Loops at the beginning of this webinar that hopefully.

I will close uh by the by part three of the webinar and while. I'm on that idea let's talk about the structure of tonight's training part we we divide our webinars into three parts part one is the foundations fits this is where we're going to give you the principles and the ideas and the core techniques that you're going to need to go out there and actually make change in term of people's behaviors beliefs whatever it is that you're seeking to do part two is. Next steps phase this is where we're going to show you this is like the the techniques that we've shown you in. Foundation.

One come from this system right. Here. So to get the entire system this is what we put together for you we call this the offer phase or the the. Next steps phase part three is applications phase.

So we've got foundations where we've laid part one we've got how to get the whole access to the entire system in part two and. Then we have the applications and. Next and uh progressions phase and progression and phase three is really where it gets kind of cool um because phase three is where we say okay. What do you as a group want to learn most about what application is is your primary focus and how can we take the foundations that we've laid in part one and build on that to give you some some solid tools and practices that you can take out into the real world and start applying instantly while you're waiting for your courses and things of that nature okay.

So that's that's how we structure this okay. If this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the field of human influence and persuasion we've got time for this much. So my my promise to you my commitment to you is that. I will take you as far down this ethical and.

Humane influence uence and persuasion rabbit hole is humanly possible. I will teach you as much as. I can in the time that we have and. I will point you in the direction of.

Next steps where to go to begin to actually uh amplify your your influence and take it even further does that sound like a fair trade if that if if you feel like that's a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chat for me. So. I know and by the way. I'm.

I'm very much a believer in interactiveness and while we're on the subject of interactiveness uh remember that you're going to have question questions and. I love questions the problem is is that the more questions. I get the more off topic. I tend to get pulled.

So there's two or three ways that you can get those questions answered the. First is type it in the chat if it's relevant to where we are in the chat. Then. I'll answer the question and.

Then. I'll move on as quickly as. I can if. I see this question and it's not gonna it's not relevant to the content of tonight's training or it's going to take us in a direction that um is not useful or if.

I just plain don't see it. Then. I may not answer the question. But for those of you who are veterans in.

Planet. David veterans please do give me a thumbs up your name and how long you've been a veteran of. Planet. David if you veterans see the question being asked and you have experience solving that problem or answering that question using the technologies that we teach in uh in.

Planet. David. Then please by all means reach out to them in a way that's not going to completely distract them from the the content of tonight's webinar and answer that question for them right. We're a community we're here to help and support each other and to me the having the the community is perhaps one of the most important pieces missing from most people's persuasion training um most of us are like wandering.

Nomads in the desert you know afraid to talk to people about this stuff for fear that we might get burned at the stake or or whatever right. So you're in a safe place this is a cool this is a cool place to be um and. I love this concept. I love these these topics.

I could talk for hours and hours and hours about this stuff. I really do geek out on it um and it's changed the course of my life in multiple ways and. I'm not sure how many of you know this. But um you know when.

I started out as a pre-teen and early teen. I was the classic bullied kid. I was the one who always got picked. Last for sports was bigger around than he was tall uh was always the brunt of some joke or some kind of verbal bullying on on the bus and and you know.

I remember very very clearly uh one night in my room after having had my heart broken yet again by people. I thought were my friends and and who actually wanted me around. But were actually scapegoating me um. I.

I remember looking up to the heavens and making a commitment that. I was never going to be powerless again. I was going to find a way to become the most irresistible uh persuasive knowledge able human being. I could on the subject of and.

I didn't have these words those the words. I'm using now back. Then. But.

I had. I had that deep need to transform my life and. I couldn't and there was nobody in my immediate family that that could teach me. So.

I had to go looking for this stuff and. I was very lucky in my life to find people who could give me pieces here and there and those are the things that have transformed my life and these are the things that. I want to share with you uh on tonight's webinar. But uh lest you think.

I came out of the wom blessed with some ability to influence and persuade oh. NE nay right. I've been hurt. I've been betrayed.

I've been lied to many many times just like you have and and. So we're all in this together. So to speak okay. Now.

I don't know why the universe inspired me to sh to share that with you. But somebody out there needed to hear it and. So. I just.

I just go with my gut on that that being said my. Last disclaimer is this if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offend you this is not the best use of the.

Next three hours for you. I'm going to take you into some very deep topics tonight some of which would not be viewed by members who are more on the woke side of of the fence as um cool. But it is the way the world is and you will never make the world the way you want it to be until you're willing to accept it and deal with it the way it is. So there are certain things that we're going to talk about tonight especially when we get into something called the identification principle that um.

May rub people the wrong way. But this is not about an idealized version of the way the world should be this is about dealing with the world the way it is because until you can do that you are not going to have the ability to change the world not not to the degree that will satisfy you okay. You're going to be more frustrated than you won't if you don't apply what. I'm going to share with you tonight does that make sense are we kind of all on the same page with that if you're if you're with me.

So far go ahead and type that in the chat cool all right. All right. Lot of enthusiasm in the. YouTube channel all right.

Uh by the way. Tana thank you. So much for that um for that that amazing uh donation appreciate that. I love you um all right.

So let's talk about something um let's you know what let's just start with the. Dr. David dog and pony show. I'll move as fast through the basics as.

I can and. Then we'll get into deeper waters if you will now by by a show of hands in the chat though how many of you are somewhat familiar with the. Art and. Science storytelling if if you have some background in that go ahead and just um type me in the chat because one of the things.

I'm going to be doing is. I'm going to be sharing with you techniques that are are uh from some of our other courses aside from killer influence and um. I will tell you right. Up front that the most powerful influence technique on a global on a on a mass scale is storytelling and narrative persuasion.

But there are certain things that must must be done when you're going to use narrative persuasion. I.E story pardon me. I.E storytelling if you want to create the maximum amount of psychoemotional. Leverage in a human being okay.

So. I'm going to save some of that again. I'm opening a lot of. Loops because.

I want you to stay till the end of the webinar um to understand how to build narratives that are very compelling can. I tell you give you a basic summary of the understanding of the science of. Storytelling uh yes. But it would take us very very quickly off topic.

So. I want to go ahead and uh and just jump into content with you guys tonight. So pardon if my my screen jumps around. I haven't decided if.

I want to sit or stand for tonight's webinar. So. I'm going to go back to the uh. PowerPoint we're going to move through the intro stuff as quickly as possible we're going to get into foundations and fundamental techniques and.

Then we're going to talk about some of the most powerful uh extra things that we can do to create very powerful levels of. Rapport connection things of that nature let's see here okay. So um. First of all tonight's webinar is all about gaining massive.

Rapport minimum time accelerating trust and belief removing resistance and amplifying compliance very very quickly we're going to talk about the hidden master keys for turning objections into opportunities on demand. So who is. Dr. David.

Snider and why should. I care well. First and foremost. I am an actual doctor.

I actually have two doctorates a master's degree and an associates degree. I have a doctorate in. Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine from.

Pacific. College of. Oriental medicine. I also have a doctorate in.

Chinese energetic medicine uh from the bian huagang temple here in. California which is a. Buddhist doist uh training for the. Last seven or eight years at least.

I've been among the top two. NLP trainers in the world by global gurus. course.org. I've authored over 15 different products ladies and gentlemen on various forms of human influence everything from attraction dating and uh uh applications to persuasion and influence to sales and marketing to therapeutic conversational hypnosis in fact if you've been watching any of my videos recently on the channel. I've actually posted some very old content where you just see me just taking people's stuff away.

I've had a practice in. Coral in uh uh. I've had an active practice in salana. Beach.

California for the. Last well since 2005 where my focus has been treating physiological illness caused by repressed emotion. So. I've.

I've looked inside the hearts and minds of human beings in just about every context uh that we can think of. I'm even trained in kinesic interview and interrogation. I actually studied that in college. Believe.

It or. Not uh. I've trained with. Chase in.

Chase use is behavioral app applied behavioral. Mastery training and. I have a master certification in that uh. So.

I've got a lot of stuff going on here and. I want to share some of that with you what you're seeing here by the way is uh a letter from. I think this was 2022. I don't have the letter from 2023 and it says.

Dear. David it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence which where a lot of these techniques are being drawn from has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for. NLP for 2022 we've actually been the number one. NLP training program uh for 2023 as well.

I'm still waiting to hear about 2024 um and there you can see uh our our little notice from 2023. I've also have uh a lot of years as a professional martial artist. I have a 10th degree black belt in. OK.

Allen. Kempo a fourth degree black belt in. Shaolin pwn. Second degree black belt in kosho.

Kempo. First degree black belt in fan. Kuru uh. I have a certified instructor training in combat.

Systema under. Kevin core out of. Montreal. I have a certification in instructor certification in.

Cinco mono. Esrea and modern arnice under the founder of. Professor. Remy prau with the basic certification and.

I've got more energy healing credentials than. McDonald cells hamburgers right. I've been a raiki master since before raiki was cool. I'm an advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist.

I'm training. Advanced. DNA. Theta healing and manifestation techniques the.

Bankston energy healing system as well as my doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine which is medical. Chiang and shamanic healing practices um and the reason that that this is relevant for is for several reasons one is. I teach persuasion and influence the same way.

I teach martial arts. Drilling and. Drilling and. Drilling and.

Then just putting you in scenario after scenario after scenario where you have to perform where you actually have to demonstrate skills and when you come to our. Live. Events that's exactly the kind of training you're going to get we treat persuasion like a martial art we treat influence like it's something that actually matters and you have to go out and you have to make this stuff work okay. What else why also why else martial arts because everything in the martial arts neural linguistic programming um.

Oriental medicine and influence is all about one thing it all just feels down to two words pattern recognition human beings do everything in a pattern everything human beings think feel. U be he has a structure to it it has a beginning a middle and an end it has uh transition moments and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can identify those patterns in a person's everyday speech their facial features their behaviors and you can use those patterns to generate change now that change can be uh you know they stop biting their nails they stop doing drugs or they buy your product or service they're all behavioral changes okay. So when you ask what are all the things.

I've talked about have to do with influence and persuasion pretty much everything right. So is this class for you well this is a list that. I normally ask my students if you can answer yes. To any of these questions you're in the right.

Place how many of you would like to be more attractive to the opposite sex and maybe have them find you charming fascinating and irresistible if that's something that resonates with you type yes. In the chat how many of you would like to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate confidence assertiveness and and more power in your life how would you any of you again this is a this is aimed at entrepreneurs primarily how many of you would like to make more money at your job book. More clients for your business get that raise or promotion that you know you deserve right. Protect yourself from manipulation right.

Um how many of you would like to program yourself for massive. Financial abundance with more than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some look. If you've answered yes.

To even two of these questions you're in the right. Place there's some other things. I want you to think about and these are more busy if you'd like the ability to tap into the deepest desires of your prospects or your customers type that's for me in the chat if you like the skills to create powerful and lasting relationships with your clients type that's for me in the chat if you like to have the knowledge to use. Advanced.

Techniques and persuasion to close more sales and boost your business you're in the right. Place if you'd like to have the ability to actually hold on a. Second. I lost my my list uh to use frame control to your advantage to to create the frames in in people and have them enclose more deals you're in the right.

Place you'd like to identify your targets prospects and hot buttons to increase more sales welcome to class this is going to be the a very very powerful lesson for you um that's just the beginning of where we're going to start if you type yes. To any of those questions you're in the right. Place okay. So that being said let's talk about um some other things on a.

Second. I'm trying to. I'm trying to keep to my. PowerPoint here as much as.

I can even though. I hate them. PowerPoints. I find very limiting.

But sometimes it's good to keep us on track. So here's what else we're doing hold on a. Second for some reason my. PowerPoint keeps showing up and my uh ah pardon me got move this down there we go that's better somewhat okay.

So if you stay on till tonight's webinar. I'm going to teach you this is why. I don't use. PowerPoints guys the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone to say yes.

To you faster and. I'm even going to teach you a phrase that's more powerful than yes. I'm going to teach you how to build trust in record time how to conf confidently and easily handle even the toughest objections how to remove resistance to your influence and give you the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time does that sound like a plan. So let's talk about some of the things on tonight's agenda we're going to talk about the secret back door into the human nervous system for creating.

Unstoppable influence maximum attention focus and concentration these are the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment and even you are not immune them okay. I want to talk a little bit about the secrets of emotional bonding and attraction in fact. I'm going to talk a lot about it tonight uh maybe more. So tonight than in any other webinar.

I've. Tau we'll touch briefly on the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence and we'll spend a lot more time on. Resistance removal now while we're on the subject of resistance removal. I want to make something kind of clear that.

I don't normally take the time to point out you only really need this when you screw up this you see if you learn how to unlock a person's emotional needs and bind them or. Bond them to your product or service in a way that they recognize what you're offering them 90% or better of your objections will go out the window. I was doing a coaching class uh. Last night.

I was teaching coaching class to my. Advanced students and one of the ladies popped in she was on a smaller program she came in and she asked me what if you get the objection. I have to think about and. I told her and.

I don't think she believed me right. But. I told her. I don't get that objection very much okay.

And and here's why if you perform with another human being the the the operations that. I'm going to teach you you are literally going to open up their heartstrings find out what their favorite song is and play that song for them. So they you will literally be sharing with them a way to get the things they most desire in their heart and if they come up with the objection that. I have to think about it two thing one of two things is true a you miss something you miss something or.

B they're not ready for it they they there's something else they're not telling you like in the context of therapy and and coaching work when you get the. I have to think about it uh response more often than not you miss their values you miss their emotional needs okay. So. I'm.

I'm going to teach you how to get around that if you if you screw it up. But here's what my experience and the experience of many many many many students that. I've trained with is when you perfectly. Bond a person's emotional needs and desires to your product or service they will generate the own their own internal.

Logic for wanting to move forward with that deal okay. So. I'm just. I'm putting that out there right.

Up front. I will. I will do some demos for you okay. U in fact.

I will put you through the pro uh parts of the process that. I want you to guide other people through now nothing in this webinar is theoretical. I don't want you to believe anything. I say just because.

I say it okay. That's the beauty of these techniques is they're based on mechanics we spend a lot of time drilling down the techniques to a simple set of just do these things and you'll see the process activate. Okay. So that being said let's talk about perhaps one of the the simplest and yet um most profound techniques that.

I've ever was were fortunate enough to learn and to pass on and that is called the echo technique and this is what. I would consider the the the bump key to the human nervous system okay. I'm going to elaborate a little bit more on why this works from the scientific side of things probably in part three. So you might want to stick around for that.

But the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth now the reasons for this. Are. Legion. But at the end of the day.

I want you to think of it like this when you create a when you have an experience okay. Your brain goes through an incalculable number of filtrations and processes to make that experience into something that you can think about and. Then even more into something that you can communicate. So if you think of it like going from a very very raw massive data set into something that's very very refined think of it like going from a four and 8K video file all the way down to a 10 10 megabyte file or 10 kilobyte file that's basically what your nervous system is doing every moment of every day when you go through the process of cognition and communication.

So what happens is you have this massive 8K pile of data that gets filtered and filtered and filtered and filtered and filtered until what comes out is a string of words that's the eight that's the 10K. F the 10 kilobyte file which whoever hears that has to put back together in other words they have to go from 10 kilobytes to 10 megabytes to 10 gigabytes all the way up until they re in their mind they think they've recreated what you mean and the problem that we have is is that what we create in our when we receive that 10 kilobyte communication from another person we don't have the missing data that they filtered out to speak the words. So we start building what we think they said based on our own experiences our own memories our own beliefs and values and everything that goes into how we think the world is supposed to be and. So when we reply we assume that what we created in our own mind is what that person meant and that's where miscommunication happens.

But the way you you circumvent that entire process the way you make it work for you is to use the exact words that that person uses okay. And here's why because because the words that came out have passed through every single filter that that person had to come up with those perfect words that they're communicating to you when they hear those exact words coming back they start putting back all the information that they originally took. Out and the person who's doing that automatically goes oh they understand me they're just like me and a bonding happens okay. You send powerful signals of sameness to another human being and when that process happens they bond to you they cleave to you they see you as a source of validation and they start to trust you anybody here like to be to move through the world generating massive trust in everyone they counter would that be useful type yes.

In the chat if you think that might be helpful this is the interactive portion of tonight's training by the way. F okay. Very good. So why why the echo technique well to make a long story short it is the most powerful way to communicate with another human being it literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention to nothing else.

But you and remember when we're talking about relationships and. I don't care what kind of relationship it is. I don't care if it's a business relationship. I don't care if it's on online relationship.

I don't care if it's a familial relationship. I don't care if it's a romantic relationship remember that attention is the currency of relationships when your children act out nine times out of 10 they're acting out because they want your attention when a spouse or significant other starts acting out or behaving in a way that maybe annoys you there's a huge percentage of the time they're they're doing that to get your attention attention is one of the most powerful forces in the human being and once you have a person's attention you have access to every other part of them when you use a person's very own words to communicate with them if literally hacks their nervous system and forces them to pay attention to you there could be all kinds of other things going on in the environment. But the minute they hear their words coming back to them they. Orient on you and they focus exclusively on you and as a person's.

Focus increases their level of suggestibility and openness increases it also eliminates the problem of small talk and boring conversations by a show of hands how many of you hate small talk or uh break down with a case of highes whenever you got to go talk to somebody you don't know right. Congratulations this is the biggest. Lifesaver you'll ever have because the moment a person perceives their very own words coming back to them they automatically start to open up and they want to elaborate on the words that they've just received they start talking more and the longer they talk the more connected they become to you okay. Don't believe me go out and test this how many people have actually gone out into the world and used the echo technique with humans in their natural habitat show hands okay.

I'm missing a. Second. I've got all kinds of windows open right. Now.

So. I'm trying to figure out where everybody went okay. If you haven't go do it just go to a bar go to a a diner uh where where a server can't get away and just use as many of their words as humanly possible and notice how much time they spend with you now. I will warn you when you do this uh you want to make sure that you're as respectful as possible of their time because if you do this properly and it's very hard to screw this up by the way um they will actually spend more time taking care of you than all their other customers and that could get them in trouble okay.

So be respectful. But practice this technique on people who again in a. I don't mean this in a negative way. But don't matter people who you know don't wait until you're in this important meeting to whip out the echo technique and start trying it on the new boss or the.

CEO or whatever do it hone your skills on interactions that don't have a large amount of consequence connected to them. So you can prove the validity of this and. Then build that into your way of moving through the world okay. Now that being said there's two ways you can look.

At this. Echo technique you can look. At it as a persuasion trick okay. Which a lot of people who are on the manipulative.

Spectrum do or you can look. At it as what it truly is the gift of deep connection and communication okay. You see when a person gets their very own words coming back to them it triggers a whole series of neurological processes that human beings through the process of evolution are hardwired to be susceptible to it triggers a set of patterns in them the. First is orientation and attention the.

Second is openness connection and validation. Third is self-disclosure they'll start self-disclosing and giving you more and more information about themsel because they feel safe with you they feel like they can trust you okay. There may be. ATT traction there there may not.

Echo technique by itself isn't necessarily enough to generate massive attraction. But it opens the door okay. And there's a tremendous amount of. Leverage that you can give through the power of.

Attraction. But you can get even more through connection trust and validation now how do we make this distinction between ethical influence and unethical manipulation it's really simple what is your outcome what is uh what is the place you're coming from when you deploy this technique if you think of it as a persuasion trick and you're using it to get people to do something that's not in their best interest that's manipulation you understand and there and if you're doing it as a trick it can come across a little bit like mocking. I just put that out there it's very hard to get caught with this. But when you do get caught that's usually what's happening.

Then there's the other side the influence and validation and authenticity side when you do this with somebody you are communicating to them in the way that they are most neurologically predisposed to wanting to be communicated with okay. If you have if you if you move through the world with a sincere desire to make everyone you interact with feel heard understood accepted validated. Then there's it's imposs possible for you to get caught using this technique and even if this if you're doing it from this perspective the only way to get caught using it is if to stop doing it okay. So before we move on to the actual demo actually let's just go ahead and do the demo real quick.

So for many years. I ran a martial arts school. I. I showed you at the beginning of the training that uh.

I have a. I've been. I was a lifelong martial artist for many years in fact. We've.

Got. U once a year. I break out my old uniform and and. I show some of my systemat tricks with a couple of my colleagues from the martial arts.

So for those of you are interested in the energetic self-defense applications of some of the things we're teaching you here um by all means come to secrets of internal power. Next weekend uh not this weekend. But the following weekend. October 17th through the 20th.

I think it is um and we'll show you how this stuff actually applies to martial arts and self-defense and protection right. But one of the things that uh. I did for many many years because. I if if in my when.

I when in. Coral. Springs. Florida which is where.

I had my school if you went half a mile in any direction there was another martial arts school. I was surrounded by martial arts competitors everywhere in fact 3ars of a mile down the street from where. I was one of the largest karate schools in the in the world they had at that time they like 15 between 1500 and 2,000 students this is back in the 90s. So.

I had a. I had to bring every tool that. I could figure out out to enroll students and. So this is how.

I develop the ability to to have people come in and set an appointment and actually show up right. So. I'm going to share this with you. I'm gonna do both sides.

So you can see this. So it sounds something like this ring ring good afternoon. Coral. Springs martial arts academy this is.

David how can. I help you oh hi. David my name is. Bernice and.

I saw your sign and. I'm interested in inquiring about karate lessons for my 10-year-old son. Josh oh hey. Bernice great to hear from you.

So you saw a sign and you were interested in inquiring about karate lessons for your 10-year-old son. Josh was it yeah. Josh yeah yeah he's uh he's been bugging me now for for a while to study martial arts and. I always thought it was a little you know was a little too aggressive.

But lately um. I've been reading that martial arts is is really good for kids uh and the reason that that uh. I started really reaching out was because um. Josh is a really great kid he's really smart in fact he's.

So smart that his teacher moved him up a grade and. I'm worried because he's going in with all the big kids and and. I've heard that you know they can little kids sometimes get picked on and. I just heard martial arts was a good way for kids to develop their self-esteem and their self-confidence and the extra.

Focus that they might need for for school oh. I see. So you you're interested in karate lessons for your 10-year-old son. Josh he said he's a great kid.

But and he's smart in fact he's. So smart that uh if. I if. I understand you correctly he's.

So smart that his teachers actually move him up a grade that's amazing and you're worried that big kids might pick on him and you heard. Marshall. Arts was a good way for kids to develop self-confidence and self-esteem and to focus yeah. David can you help me.

Bernice absolutely know the simple truth is is that for hundreds of years literally hundreds of years the martial arts has been away for kids just like. Josh who are small going into environments where they it may be challenged right. To develop that focus and that self-confidence and that ability to really do well in their studies it's a great form of exercise. But more importantly.

Josh will get the confidence and the focus and the self-defense skills he needs to make sure that those big kids if they pick on him are going to be sorry that they did. So my question for you is what's important to you other than what you've shared with me. Denise what's important to you about karate lessons for. Josh well you know it's really you know.

I'm not. I don't. I don't believe in violence. But.

I think it's important to be able to to fend off the bullies and stuff like that. But. I really think it would help him to be more confident and and and just do better in it in his studies. I'm really hoping that that your program can do that our program can absolutely do that in fact one of the things you'll notice is.

Josh comes in and he starts going through the lessons is that each part of the lesson that he gets will increase his ability to focus and pay attention. But it'll also increase his self-defense skills while allowing him to kind of find that balance between the physical and the mental and as he moves through the training his schoolwork will gradually improve because his focus is improving and the way he carries himself because of that physical training will cause people to just avoid him because he's not an easy target now we have a couple of ways that we can go about this we have an introductory program where uh it's two private lessons and one group class comes with a free uniform we also have a two group and one private class which also comes with a free uniform which one of these do you think would be a better fit for. Josh well. I think the two private lessons would be good uh am.

I allowed to watch absolutely you're allowed to watch um. So yeah. I think. I think that might work.

So. I have two time slots available for you. Bernice. I have one today at 5:30 and.

I have one tomorrow at 5:45 which would be easier for you um. I think. I think five 45 tomorrow would be easier because. Then.

I you know. I'm not springing it on him at the. Last moment he can get his dinner and have his homework done and have his head clear uh for the class great. I'm gonna pencil you and.

Josh in for tomorrow at 5:45 we'll see both of you with bells on if you want to stay and watch his private class you're more than welcome if you want to drop him off and come back and pick him up and. Then talk to him about it you can do that too. I look. Forward to seeing you tomorrow you guys have a great day give my best to.

Josh thank you. David we'll talk to you soon by okay. Feedback what' you learn what' you notice. So.

AR wouldn't this annoy the person if you use it more than two times not necessarily. No. In fact it doesn't sounds super friendly yeah right. How much of what.

I said was original in other words how much of what. I said was. David how much of what. I said was.

Bernice okay. I use this same 50 okay. 5050. Aram says it was a little bit more than that.

I did elaborate a little bit on some of the things which is uh lapsing into emotional bonding you stay focused on what. Josh needed most okay. Very good about nine out of 10 people show up when you do that by the way and the and a lot of times it doesn't even have to be that long. I'm a little long- winded today because.

I. I haven't hung out with you guys in a while uh. But the truth is is that a lot of times with this it's it's just about you gave her the opt. I always give options right.

The hardest close. I ever do believe it or not the hardest close. I ever do when it comes to enrolling clients is how soon do you want to get started or what's the. Next step we need to take to move forward right.

In in this particular scenario. I gave what we call the illusion of choice. I assumed she was coming in no. Matter what.

But. I get. I let her choose when that was going to be. But everything.

I did was about finding out what her value was what her emotional needs were for her son now in the lessons in part three we talk about emotional bonding will give you the actual process for pulling out a person's deepest emotional needs and linking that to you okay. But as a demonstration of the echo technique that's what it looks like. CH says only the appraisal was original okay. Right.

Go back and rewatch the video right. And listen to how. I began everything. I did everything.

I started with was their words and. Then. I extrapolated and. Then.

I started with their words and. I extrapolated and when. I didn't understand something where. I thought.

I needed to. I turned their words into questions and you'll hear that in my inflection right. I did a. I did a much deeper um much more um.

David level uh version of this than. I normally do. So. I.

I gave you guys a lot of stuff to play with. So when you go back and you watch this video there'll be a lot of things that you can extract from that. But the secret is use as much of their language of verbatim as possible. POS right.

I use. AR it's not that you were wrong uh it's that what. I did was. I interspersed her words in my.

Pros that's an advanced version. I shouldn't. I shouldn't have done it now the more. I think about it because you're going to try and copy that rather than what.

I want you to do which is use their words verbatim use their words ver verbatim as close to verbatim as possible okay. Remember as far. I don't know what your background is. So.

I assume you're all fledglings with this and. So. I give you the level of training that. I give to all new people which makes you the best at this humanly possible as you get more advanced you go through the different levels of training that we have.

I'll show you ways to do what. I just did which is camouflaging the echo technique right. And and that. But again what happens when you when you start tring the echo technique verbatim it changes the way your brain works the person doing the echo technique it forces you to become more able to memorize longer and longer and longer strings of dialogue and that allows you over time the ability to analyze what you're hearing better to do other things right.

But and and what'll happen is as you start to go through that process your brain will become more dis turning and and zeroing in on the on the words that have deep emotional semantic relevance to that person most people coming in don't have that level of sensitivity to be able to pick out the exact words that a person emotionally leans on. So we just capture them all that way you can't miss does that make sense type in the chat if that makesense okay. So there's there's a there's a there's a methodology and a rationale behind what we're teaching you to do and how we're teaching you to do it you are never going to go wrong with a. Verbatim technique you can go wrong add living you can go wrong deviating from anything other than their exact words okay.

Now the experience of being on the receiving end of this is magical how many people here have ever been effectively echoed how did you feel about that person when they did it type it in the chat let me ask you while you're doing that let me ask you guys a question as. I was. Henri. Enrique says felt listen to shows you care okay.

Very good. Aram says it was only once for me. But it was kind of annoying okay. Everybody's different uh great level of trust.

JZ. G says how did my delivery of that process and. I understand. I was using.

I was doing both sides right. JZ. Jeet says sincere ja. Jax is saying you echoed me one time it feels lighter than someone who doesn't.

Okay. Syn uh. Deborah says synced up and this is the other piece when. I do this technique.

I'm doing it from my heart. I'm doing it from my heart okay. I'm coming from a sincere place because. I'm coming from a sincere place because.

I know in my heart of hearts that the echo technique is the most desirable way for one human being to communicate with another by not doing it. I'm being a jerk okay. So when. I communicate this way not only only not only do they get their very own words back which triggers all those processes.

I named they feel the emotional warmth in my voice and that triggers body feelings and the moment their body feelings shift the way they perceive the world shifts and they start to trust more. So when you start to generate a state of emotional authenticity sinc it a desire to communicate and be understood and have them understand you if that's the place that you come from. Then everything you say becomes exponentially more powerful okay. So the magic yes.

There's magic in the words. But everything that's wrapped around it amplifies that and remember one of the. First things you learn when you come to killer influence or you come to. CPI is everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of your job is to generate the feelings in you that cause them to have the feelings you need them to have.

So they see the world the way you want them to experience it okay. The fastest way to change another person's body feelings is to change yours. First. So you do that through your posture you do that through your breathing you do that through your intention you do that through the warmth of your voice and.

Then you use that to deliver their very own words to them and all of a sudden your stock starts going up in their world that's one technique. But there's a whole lot of layers to it does that make sense yes. Or yes. As.

I said cool all right. Let's talk about yes. Yes. Yes.

Everybody's going yes. Yes. Yes. Okay.

So let's have for this. Next exercise what we're going to do is. I'm going to give. I want to give you an experience of what.

Bernice experienced. But we're going to do this as more of a self-directed process together. So the way this is going to work. I need you to get out a pen and a something to write on and what.

I want you guys to do is. I want you to think about when you saw when you saw the promotions for tonight's class okay. There was an influence application that you want to get better at true or not true how many of you have have at least one application where they want to use these skills type in the chat this is the interactive verion of the webinar okay. Good.

I want you to write that at the top of your sheet right. And. Then. I want you to write the the question oops hold on a.

Second there's a lot more notes on here than. I thought. So you write write your application right. And what do.

I want what do. I want under that you're going to write what's important about that and. I want you to write the answer to the question right. So just what.

I did the application. So is it dating is it sales is it marketing right. Is it negotiation mediation coaching therapy whatever the application is and. Then what do you want to be able to do what what what's the result you want to have and.

I want you to write that what do you want under once you write out the answer to that question. I want you to write this question what's important about that and. I want you to write the answer okay. The moment you've done that type done in the chat and.

I'll give you the. Next phase to this okay. I'm going to share my screen. So you guys can see what we're doing this is called your emotional motivation checklist okay.

So what do you want. So for example maybe the person says. I want to stop being manipulated by men right. Maybe it's maybe it's uh.

I want to close 35% more sales maybe it's uh. I want to up my. Revenue up my income by um $25,000 right. Whatever it is.

I don't really care what it is. But. I want you to to have it clearly written out what that outcome is now what do you want now let's suppose you have this right. You got your 25k right.

Or you sto being manipulated by members of the opposite sex or whatever if you had that what's it going to do for you right. Is it going to keep you safe right. Is it gonna um give you. Financial.

Freedom is it gonna uh make you feel more secure. I don't care what the answer is just write the answer out pay attention when you can't the exact words that pop into your head and. Then what's important about that and you're just going to keep asking that same question right. So let's look.

At this again. So we've got the application what do. I want we're going to answer the question what's it going to do for you you're going to answer that question what's important about that you're going to answer that question you're going to write out the answer. So that's number one number two what's important about the answer to this question.

So what's important about that and you're going to write that answer out there. Then you're going to do it again ultimately if. I had this and. Then.

I got this ultimately what would that do for me and what's important about that. I want you to write your answer out. So. I just did it just real quick one two three.

I want you to make sure now handw write this if possible if not uh make sure that it's someplace that that's accessible to you now. I want you to pay very very close attention. I'm going to put the screen back up here. So you can see the the template.

So this if you guys want to take a screenshot of this you're more than welcome to right. And the reason that we're doing this is because and. I want you to pay attention to the exact words that your brain uses because the exact words that your brain uses are the things that will actually take action on and activate stored energy reserves that it wouldn't otherwise activate once you've answered all these questions. I want you to type done in the chat and.

I'll tell you what want you to do nexts. So. Deborah was the kind enough to uh to type her needs in the in the in the in the chat and just to use. Deborah uh as an example while we're while we're talking here right.

Deborah if you were to get the ability to read people because you're done believing liars. I'm curious what would that do for you type that in the chat for me since. I have her on here and she's participating in the chat. I'll just.

I'll just give you a little quick demo okay. I can't. I don't think she's typing in the rest of her answers anymore that's okay. Though okay.

So. Deborah if you got this. So you won't be easily. F.

I'm curious. Deborah just. So. I understand you better pass for promotion okay.

So if. I could give you the skills. Deborah that would allow you to read people people. So that you don't have to.

So you no. Longer have to believe. Liars that you. So you would no.

Longer be easily fooled. So that you could stop getting passed up for promotions whenever they come available if you had the exact skill sets to be able to read people and know exactly what to say and what to do when to believe him and when not to believe him ultimately. Deborah if you were to have that if you were to have those skills ultimately what would that do for you what's important about that what's important about that go ahead and type that in the chat she's typing away over there all right. The rest of you type done you would not be hurt and if and.

So as a byproduct of tonight's training. Deborah. I'm going to teach you how to reach into the hearts and minds of everyone you meet. So that you'll be able to clarify very very quickly if their values and yours are a match you'll understand very very quickly how they go about satisfying those rules and give you an ability to read and understand people at a level that most people never truly understand and as a byproduct of that you'll no.

Longer be hurt by the wrong people by the will no. Longer be hurt by people who don't have your interests at heart you're going to be able to find yourself able to get promotion after promotion after promotion and no. Longer be passed up because you'll know how to speak to the hearts and minds of everyone you meet. So that you know exactly what they want to hear in the way that they want to hear it exactly what they want to see in the way that they want to see it.

So that passing you up the chain giving you that promotion is an absolute no-brainer because you're no. Longer fooled because you now have the ability to read people on a level that most people will never understand and all you really need to do is follow the instructions in the rest of this webinar and you'll be playing with a level of power and skill and ability that will make sure you'll never be. Hur again is that something that sounds like of interest to you boom okay. Now here's what we're gonna do.

Deborah look. At her she's she's lighting up like a. Christmas tree folks all right. So here's what's gonna happen and that by the way that's what this sounds like in the real world that's how you use this now when you go back and you review this video.

Even though. I wasn't visibly on the camera. I was looking directly at both the camera and. Deborah's words.

I was very very focused on making sure that. I could deliver what. I'm promising right. And the content of tonight's webinar is exactly what.

Deborah wants and needs and. I promise you she's she's on. Cloud9 right. Now true not true.

Deborah yes. Or yes. Yeah okay. And most of what.

I said was her words. But what. I did do was. I peeled back the emotional armor to the emotional needs that she's seeking to satisfy now should.

I do that if. I can't deliver no. And that's where we make that different that that um differentiation between ethical or ethical and unethical persuasion if as you elicit the things that a person uh is is their rules for satisfying their needs you determine that what you have isn't a fit. Then the ethical thing to do is point them in the direction of getting those needs met.

However if you determine through this the interaction that what you have will get the person what they most truly want. Then ethics demands that you bind them to that product or service. So that they in a way that they recognize that their needs are going to be met by doing the thing you want them to do and that's exactly what. I did with.

Deborah right. I gave her. I. I showed her in very and in her words and her in her rules exactly how learning this process will allow her to get snapshots into people's values into their rules into knowing exactly what they want to to hear to see to feel and for her and will give her the ability to match that perfectly.

So she gets those promotions and it's a no-brainer for the people that she interacts with to want to move her up we're going to do this for each other in a moment. So here's how this is going to work. I want you to get your little your little sheet of paper and you should have at least three answers to the what's important about question on your sheet. I want you to hold it up at about a 45 degree.

I want you all stand up for this by the way if you're driving don't do this right. If you want to participate and experience this. Then pull off to the side of the road put the car in park pull the parking break turn the ignition off take the key out make sure you won't be disturbed do not do this while you're driving. But for those of you who want to experience what this feels like on a personal level take the paper and all.

I want you to do is read your application and what you want and. Then read out loud the what's the answer to the what's important about question five times out loud read it out loud five times before you do that notice how you feel in your body okay. And. Then read this out loud five times your answers not.

Deborah's right. Your answers not debas read it out loud five times and type in the chat what changed in your mind and your body when you read those things out loud just type um done or or just type in the chat when you're done hey. Charlotte says done anybody else. Enrique says feel more confident hard to describe that's normal right.

Who else come on don't be bashful this is the interactive portion of the webinar more sure okay. Very good all right. So let's review what we've done. So far we've talked about how important it is to use a person's very own words that a person's very own words are connected to deeper and deeper layers of their own internal world deorah says more empowered absolutely when you use a person's very own words it stimulates every emotional connection directly and indirectly that they have to the words that just came out of their mouth when you combine combine that.

Echo technique with this emotional bonding checklist you marry all those forces together and. Link very very powerfully your product your service or yourself to their emotional needs the more you reflect back to them those emotional needs and the rules by which they're satisfying it the more powerfully they will tend to want to do what you want them to do for their own selfish reasons. So this is a very powerful and this is one of the core engines of persuasion both ethical and and not that exist out there um. But.

I'm. G to just put this out there that the way you draw the line is never promise something you can't deliver as you stay as long as you stay on that side of the line. Then you'll never have to worry about people stalking you you'll never have to worry about. Crossing you know people wanting payback or refunds or or things of that nature as long as you can deliver on what you promise.

Then people will bond to you and it will create fanatical customer loyalty to you and that's one of the. Beautiful. Things uh in an age where everybody's trying to. Walmart each other trying to undersell undercut do things for.

Less when you create this level of emotional relationship with people it creates fanatical loyalty because it generates relationships and relationships are the most important thing in business right. Uh we do business with people because of the relation relationship we established with them based on our history right. So that being said um. I mentioned at the this is the end of part one we're going to transition into.

Next steps how many of you would like to take this this skill set even further type that in the chat yes. Or yes. Good okay. So with your permission.

I'd like to show you what. I've put together for you. I'd like to show you how everything kind of fits together we're going to get through that part of the webinar and. Then we're going to pick up foundations we're going to actually drill down into uh things like authenticity transportability identification reframe and resistance removal these are all things that we'll talk about uh in part three of tonight's webinar that will go to what you might have to do if you screw up the.

First part of the wedding that makes any kind of sense right. But these are things that if you combine them all will make you very very charismatic very very trustable you'll come across as very very sincere warm and empathetic and people will um. I don't want to use the word lust. But they will have a strong need a strong desire for your approval and that's a tremendous place of psycho emotional leverage to have with another human being right.

Which is again why. I'm emphasizing the ethical applications of this technology. So with that being said let me share with you what we put together and. I actually dug some stuff out of moth balls that.

I hadn't offered in a while for this. So um what we've got with your permission is the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion home study course. Deluxe uh and it's all about helping you take your life to the.

Next level it's about making more money closing more deals getting more dates if that's something you need to help more people to feel more confident to be more powerful and win the game of life right. To be and on the way you're going to become more. Charming charismatic and irresistible now everything. I put together is is only good this this package is good till.

October 10th 2024 at 11:59 p.m. tonight certain things will be good until 11:59 p.m. there will be other things that. I'm going to talk about that. I didn't promote in this webinar um that are only good for as long as. I'm live on the webinar.

So. I want you to be very very close to attention. I want you to take advantage of this when it becomes available okay. So the.

First thing we want to talk about is the 17 video seven stage of universal persuasion protocol home study course this is going to teach you systematically how to think like a master influencer the important thing that you have to remember when uh you're going to become a student of influence is that masters of influence and persuasion think differently than the average human being they're always thinking on different levels they're always thinking in terms of outcomes there's always a certain level of emotional control and. State. Management that goes into this and you need to understand what those parameters are. So that you can function in an environment where you can ethically and honestly influence people to do what you want them to do without feeling sleazy slimy like a used car salesman or or a lawyer you know.

I. I train a lot of lawyers. So that this is something that uh we spend a lot of time on how do. I move through the world emanating a sense of authenticity sincerity and charismatic persuasiveness that makes people want to do the things.

I want them to do for their own reasons those are all the things that master of influence should know and understand and if you have that ability. Then you can read people like a book. And you can know exactly what to say how to say it and when to say it it's a $297 value we're going to teach you the foundations and the principles of how to control your own psycho emotional state at will on demand. So nobody else can control it against your will this is one of the most important things any human being can have under devel whether you're.

GNA be a student of influence or not if you don't know how to control your own emotional state and by and by control. I don't mean repress. I mean the ability to express transform manage or remove negative emotional states and transfer those states to other people when it's necessary that's what state control is about we're going to teach you our full day and a half training on how to do all of that and if there were a. Jedi power in.

Planet. David it would be in our state control training no. One does what we do the way we do it nobody can teach you how to control your own emotional states the way we do you will not find this in any other program okay. We're going to teach you how to take those that emotional control that you're developing and translate it into powerful.

Rapport skills now most people they think of. Rapport as one thing in our world we divide it into three levels of. Rapport we have classic. Rapport heart coherence and we have what we call vibing each of these kinds of.

Rapport is useful for certain types of applications and not useful for others we're going to show you how to go into all three of them how to figure out which one is right. For the application and how to go in and out of these things on demand and use that. Rapport to transfer your emotions to other people. So they see the world through the eyes.

And the lens that you want them to see and experience the world through that's a big claim. But we do it every single time we teach killer influence every single time we teach. CPI or stealth. CPI this is some this is a normal day in.

Planet daav this is basic stuff for us if you don't have these skills. Then there's going to be a lot of agencies out there who are going to get access to your mind and body that you don't want to have access to. So how to think like a master of influence $297 value how to control your own emotional state. So no.

One else can $297 value power. Rapport skills for connecting with with anyone any time anywhere under any circumstance for any outcome $297 value. But we're not done yet we're going to teach you the most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist patterns that are. So powerful you can't hear them without your thoughts changing.

So powerful you can't create a thought you can't create an internal representation in your mind a feeling a belief a. Daydream without these things happening and when you use these strategically you'll automatically be able to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things have absolutely nothing in common you'll be able to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things have nothing in common you'll be able to direct and focus and control a person's awareness. So that they only pay attention to the things you want them to pay attention to you'll be able to prompt like an. AI prompt a person's unconscious mind to think the way you want it to think okay.

You'll be able to create powerful three-dimensional images in the minds of your listener that have all these other things embedded in them not only that you'll be able to actually. Force an a person's internal mind movies to be exactly what you describe without any chance of misinterpretation all that and a whole lot more in these core language patterns right. And they're super easy. Once you actually go through the process of installing them okay.

We're going to teach you how to use all of those skills how to think like a master of influence how to control your emotional state how to use. Power report skills and transfer emotions back and forth how to use these irresistible hypnotic language patterns to manage the emotional states of everyone around you or whoever it is you're seeking to influence for the benefit of every right. This is the this is part of the six stage. Universal persuasion or seven stage.

Universal persuasion protocol it's $297 value we're going to teach you how to identify and hijack a person's own internal. Behavior code you see remember. I said at the beginning of today's training that everything human beings do has a structure to it it has a pattern and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can identify those patterns and predict what they're going to do.

Next and if you understand that predictive aspect and you understand how to identify the pieces of that pattern you know exactly where to inject change into that pattern to create a different outcome to create a new. Behavior right. That's part of the basic training that you're going to get it's a $297 value and. Finally we're going to teach you in the most powerful way imaginably how to do with every human being you meet what you saw me do with.

Deborah how to emotionally. Bond anyone's deepest desires to what you offer. So that they eagerly volunteer to do what you want them to do for their own reasons and love you for it that's the beauty of this there's no. High pressure selling there's no.

Deception there's no. Misrepresentation it's just pure honest showing people how to get exactly what they want by doing what you want right. You'll become their hero right. It's a $297 value we're going to also include the killer influence mind control.

Manifesto this is a manual that we give every one of our killer influence students that includes chapters on social hypnotic operators uh meta programs from. NLP how to profile a person in as little as 90 seconds how to uh detect lies how to begin to use um attraction generating techniques how to present tremendous. Authority in people how to become more and more connected with people how to move through the world and generate acquiescence and compliance everywhere you go how to engineer the environment in a room. So that people are automatically more suggestible to you and a lot lot more there's a there a 220 page manual uh with nothing.

But bullet points. So it's really really powerful okay. Plus you get access to an online community which we'll talk about uh towards the end of the webinar total value on this is $2,497. But.

I think if you really do the math in your head in terms of what it's going to do and how it's going to change your life you'll see that it's a bargain at $24.97 right. Think about what just a 25% bump in your current salary or the yearly income would. CH how that would change right. This is what we're talking about think about what a a 25 to 35%.

Improvement in your relationships with mean in your life realize that what we're going to give you is actually way more than that okay. But wait there's this isn't all that we're giving you today this isn't all we're offering you today we're all if you grab if you click the link when it becomes available and you grab your course now we're also going to give you some of the most powerful extra bonuses you can imagine these are amazing the. First one is something that. I alluded to at the beginning of the webinar this is called.

Weapons of. Mass instruction also known as. CPI level two and it's all about the scientific and seductive storytelling. Secrets neuroscience-based methods of telling story and narrative persuasion that cause people to.

Simply believe what you say and do what you want there's five modules in this course the. First module teaches you about the. Neuroscience of why storytelling. Works how it works how you should be using story tell storytelling to massively influence people in every medium you can imagine how it's been with us since the beginning of time we'll talk about neural coupling and why a person's brain automatically goes into trans mode if you just hint that there's going to be a story the.

Next module will be all about stories for connection little short stories that you can tell in a line at. Starbucks or at the movie theater or at the bookstore that instantly create connection and validation and allow you to begin to to generate powerful influence with other people the. Next chapter is on. Alpha stories our alpha alpha stories are persuasion stories these are stories that you would use to lead to motivate to inspire to sell to demonstrate authenticity and connection to share values with groups of people okay.

We'll show you how they're built we'll show you how to use them we'll give you the training that you need to be effective with them in any theater of. Engagement and from a persuasion perspective the. Next thing we're going to teach you is. Omega stories.

Omega stories are different from alpha stories. Omega stories are stories that you can tell that remove resistance to persuasion. So you can use an alpha story to motivate. Inspire and persuade somebody to buy something you can use an.

Omega story to remove any resistance they might have to wanting to buy that product or service or wanting to go out with you or wanting to soften the. Judgment or get you out of that speeding ticket okay. Okay. The whole idea behind.

Omega stories is they don't amplify persuasion by making it more forceful they amplify persuation by removing the resistance to anything that that might be an objection super super power fact some of the things. I'm going to teach you in in part three of tonight's webinar are drawn directly from this course. But there's a whole bunch more in the course and. Then there's.

Finally there's going to be module four is it four uh. Neuroscience. Alpha. Omega yeah module 4 is what we call ninja stories and this are this is how to use stories as a delivery mechanism for more advanced persuasion techniques.

So you have those seven language patterns. I talked about we'll show you how to integrate those into a story we can talk about semantic priming where we use certain categories of words to trigger certain neurotransmitters in a person's brain you can embed those within a story we'll talk about behavioral. Primes which are uh little micro programs that you can embed in a story that program somebody or prime somebody to take certain actions or behave and think in a certain way to quote. I think it was.

Plato uh it's basically says let me tell you how to think what about what. I want you to think about that's what behavioral primes do the. Next phase to that are uh is we'll talk about embedded the. Fantastic.

Four which is embedded commands analog marking. IU shifts uh and quotes pattern these are things that you can embed within a narrative that cause people to become even more motivated to do what you want them to do right. This there's no. Other there's no.

Other program on storytelling like this. I challenge you to find one okay. Total value on this is $1,997 we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you click that link before the end of the webinar. So four.

So the total value on everything is $449 right. We're not done yet it's just the. First bonus we're also going to include one of the most powerful trainings we've ever done this is called. Renegade reframing it's how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds let me ask you a rather rhetorical question if.

I may how would your life change if for every limiting belief that you had every limiting belief your clients had every objection they might come up with or any excuse or argument you're faced with what if you had 14 different ways to beat that objection and change their brain in seconds how often would you hear yes. How often would people be doing what you want and believing in your cause or your purpose and moving and getting out of their own way if you have 14 different solutions to every problem that came their way before you started combining them this program is based on a series of patterns known as slight of mouth in the. NLP world. But it's delivered in a a much more fun exciting and impactful way um it even comes with its own card game that you can play called the reframe game some of my more uh earthy students have actually turned it into a drinking game which we won't talk about.

But the the game actually comes as part of the the downloadable manual it's a $1,997 value in part three of tonight's webinar. I'm going to share with you a couple of patterns from this program just like. I'm sharing a couple of patterns from the the. First bonus the weapons of.

Mass instruction. So you can experience the power inherent in these bonuses that we're sharing with you remember. I want you to be ready. I want you to be able to go out into the world and move through the world with the power the.

Charisma the sincerity the ability to get what you want the way that you want it for all the right. Reasons okay. Um. So it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free the total combined value on this right.

Now is $6,499 if you click that link that's showing up in your chat before the end of tonight's webinar okay. Um yeah for those of you in the um for those of you in the. YouTube room. I'm typing it in for you now.

So some of our. Zoomers got the link early. So. I'm going to make make sure that our our.

U our. YouTubers get it too. So. Renegade reframe how to overcome any objection or change any belief literally in seconds and.

Then. Finally for those of you who are going to who want to leverage your ability to persuade and influence for those of you who want to influence people on scale either from a stage or from doing presentations this is the. Next level in the. CPI.

Silo this is charisma and conversion. Hy. I presentation skills for presenters and public speakers this is where we take all the skills we taught you in secrets of human influence all the skills that we taught you in weapons of mass instruction all the skills we taught you in. Renegade reframing and we teach you the architecture of public presentation skills we're going to teach you two distinctly different forms of persuasion architecture talks that you can use for small groups of less than 20 um and uh talks that a talk architecture that you can use for groups of more than 20 anywhere from 20 to 400 to a thousand they're they're very very different one is a very away from energy that you would use in medical and health settings another one is a very heart centered approach that you would use in any form of spiritual uh motivational uh sales and marketing perspective these are two very different approaches one is ideal for small group presentations the other is ideal for large group presentation ations we're going to teach you how to tell stories how to build those into your architecture of persuasion we're going to teach you how to do basic stagecraft how to hold a microphone how to set up a sound system how to spatially.

Anchor things how to deploy powerful stories testimonials how to take that con that information and use it to. Prime people to run to the back of the room like you see them do at a. Tony. Robbins event or a t harveer event or a.

Lisa sasich event or. Robert. Allen. Event or a.

John asaraf event if you've ever seen or um um. Dr uh. Dr. Joe's dispens if you ever seen them rush to the back of the room one of the things you need to understand is that there is a system of persuasion that they're all using that they're not teaching or sharing.

I'm going to pull back the curtain and. I'm going to show you exactly step by step by step how they layer all of these persuasive tactics into their presentation they're not going to using it for they're using it on you. I'm going to teach you how to use it for yourself. I'm also going to teach you how to become progressively more aware of these tactics.

So that when you go to a training and you sit in somebody's audience you're not getting hypnotically programmed against your will or without your knowledge with remember remember this this is one of the most important things. I can teach you as my persuasion student without awareness there is no. Choice. So it's.

I'm going to leave it up to you as to how much of these skills you want to use. But. I'm going to teach you the entire system and. I'm going to teach you how to take that content and use it for.

Live. Events how to use it for webinars how to use it for podcast how to take that content create a. YouTube channel create meetups and how. I use that to build my business where.

I had an eight month waiting list for clients who wanted to come and see me that's all in this training. I'm going to share it with you it's a $1,997 value. I'm going to give it to you free in fact one of my my little brat um for the past two or three years. I've had more of my students presenting at.

Hypno. Thoughts live hypnosis convention than any other hypnosis trainer. I think uh two years ago. I had eight of my students at the hypnosis convention all teaching their own stuff using this system okay.

So for those of you who want to make uh make your make your living or build your business through public speaking which. I believe is still um the most powerful way to build your business especially if you don't have a big marketing budget all of these skills are leverageable into any other platform and if you can do them live. Then you can do them on camera okay. So $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free right.

Total combined value on this is $848 if you click the link before the end of tonight's webinar okay. I want you to win. So. I'm loading the deck.

I'm stacking the deck in your odds something in here is going to change your life right. So let's just review really quickly what we've got we've got the 17 video seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol the secrets of human influence home study course with the killer influence mind control. Manifesto $2,497 value you're going to get the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling.

Secrets recorded live along with the manuals. So 1,997 value you're going to get the. Renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection change any belief starting with yours by the way uh in seconds $1,997 value you're going to get the. Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills home study course valued at $1,997 we're going to give that all to you for one loow and total value on this is $848.

But as you can probably guess we're going to give you a deal right. And by the way some of these videos you can't find on our website they're only available right. Now um through this limited time webinar offer. So if any of the things.

I went through in the bonuses appeals to you when would now be a good time to click those links when they become available to you. So for those of you who are ready to click that link. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible you're not going to have to pay $848 nope nope nope. I'm not even going to char.

I'm not even going to charge a half price. But it'd be a deal at half price if you think about what it's going to do for your life right. So you're not even going to have to pay half price. I'm not going to charge you 4,244.

I'm not even going to charge you 2,122 that's right. You're reading it right. At the risk of sounding like a. Carney right.

You can get it all today for one loan stol of just 9.97 and if you need to you can even break that up into three easy payments of just 3.97 each 3.97 each gets you every single thing that. I've just talked about in a whole lot more. So all you got to do to get yours is click that link right. There killer influence.com slgo as uh one of my mentors.

David singer would say click the link click the link click the link that's from. Charisma and conversion by the way you'll learn about that when you when you watch the course okay. So this is what we got for you it will change your life. I promise you right.

In fact. I promise you. So much that if if you take this course now and you test drive it for a full 60 days if after 60 days you're not feeling more confident more secure if you're not on the fast track to making more money getting more promotions closing more deals hearing yes. A whole lot more hearing objections a whole lot less.

Then you let us know you reach out with an email or a phone call and we'll give you a full refund we guarantee your satisfaction with this program if it doesn't deliver we're going to give you your money back. So test it you've got absolutely nothing to lose and everything to gain this is your chance this is your golden opportunity to level up your life and. I want to be the one to help you do that right. You have us on your side we're pulling for you.

But even we can't multiply zeros click that link and we'll get you on the fast track to becoming the person you truly want to be living the lifestyle you truly want to have. So go ahead and click that link killer influence.com slgo killer influence.com click the link click the link click the link now for those of you who need a little bit more motivation if what. I just promised you what. I've just guaranteed for you isn't enough if you grab your course before 11:59 p.m. tonight.

October 10th 2024 you're going to get everything. I talked about what. I'm going to talk about. Next you have to grab your course right.

Now before. I log off the webinar to qualify for these bonuses okay. So this is what you're going to get you're going to get the uh three-month trial membership to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program you'll remember at the beginning of today's webinar. I said one of the most powerful and most important things that you have that most people don't have to become successful is a community a place where you can go with likeminded people who care about the things you care about who want to be able to do the things you want to be able to do a place where you can talk about these things you can practice these things you can get feedback on these things and take them out into the world refined empowered honed and ready to actually deploy them with live human beings in their natural habitat we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring.

Practice. Group this program just. So you know was started in. October of 2010.

So literally um this month is our 14th year we've been running this non-stop month after month we videotaped every single meeting. So it has anything you could any topic you could possibly imagine everything from dating and attraction to sales and marketing to body language accelerated learning hypnotherapy neural linguistic programming. Advanced persuasion and influence psychic skills energy development you name it if it's part of. Planet.

David's rubric it's in there okay. And literally what we do we get together either virtually or in person sometimes both on the. Third. Saturday of every month and.

I go around the room and. I say. Keith what do you want to learn. Jules what do you want to learn.

Charlotte what do you want to learn. Mia what do you want to learn. Seth what do you want to learn will what do you want to learn and. I write down the the exact things that you want to learn about that day and.

I create a lesson plan for all of you on the spot and for the. Next four to six hours depending on whether we're doing a double long or a single. I drill you on those skills for four hours until you can do them in your sleep and. I send you off into the world with a skill set that you can rely on a skill set that will allow you to win when you absolutely need to win okay.

You're not going to get a certificate from this program what you are going to get is a skill set what you are going to get is a community that supports you and will help you practice develop and grow the other thing that you'll get is unlimited access to the entire 13 plus years of video that we have archived in both the. NLP power website on our private uh. Facebook. Archive and on our private.

YouTube channel you're going to have three full months 90 days to binge watch content that's never been seen on. YouTube never been released as a product never been seen by anyone other than our our active. Mastermind members we're going to give it to you if at the end of 90 days you want to stay most people do we'll show you how to extend your membership if at the end of 90 days you got what you needed we'll give you a big hug a fond farewell and you're off to make your your world exactly what you want it to be by your standards and your definitions with our blessing it's a $1,997 value. But we're going to give this to you free simply because we want you to have everything you need to be successful we want you to have the tools we want you to have the support we want you to have the feedback that allows you to win in whatever application is important to you total combined value on this is $1,485.

But there's more now for this particular class. I actually went into my archive and. I found something very very special this is something. I haven't shared with people in a very very long time.

I don't know if. I'll do it again. But for this group because we were talking to entrepreneurs because we were looking for people or we were talking to people who have more of a business entrepreneurial mindset. I decided to whip this out for you guys this is our stealth selling.

Secrets instant selling power crash course this was a course that. I did many many years ago. I actually co-taught it with my my good friend and persuasion brother uh the late. James.

C2 and. I really really love this course in fact. I have resisted uh redoing this course just because. James is in this one and.

I don't want to delete. James out of the the the. NLP power family tree he was too big a piece he was too important a founding member of everything that we are and. I love him like.

I miss him to this day day um. So you'll get to see him teaching which is is is very rare um. But this this particular program will give you the ability to tap into the deepest desires of your prospects and customers it'll give you the skills to create powerful and lasting relationships with those clients it'll in fact relationships. So powerful most people won't be able to steal your clients away your competitors will be wondering what the hell you're feeding these people because no.

Matter what they offer they're going to stay loyal to you right. We're going to give you the knowledge to use. Advanced. Techniques of persuasion like different types of frame control right.

How to be dominant within a frame how to be a subordinate within a frame how to be an equal within a frame and still control the frame we actually go through that we're going to talk about how to identify and. Target your prospects personal hot buttons that cause them to salivate and want to buy your product or service uh we're going to teach you how to understand your prospects buying behaviors and tailor your pitch or your offer to their particular buying strategy we're going to teach you how to get your customers to. Rave about your products and services and to their friends and family and. Finally we'll teach you how to tap into the prospect's own subconscious mind and their and gain their agreement for the sale for the.

Next level of transaction for the upsell whatever it is one of the one of the fun fact anecdotes. I have about this class we had a gentleman in this class that came to us from the world of pharmaceutical sets and you'll actually see this in the in the training um and everything we tried to present he argued with and what you'll see in this video is every time he comes up with an argument we're actually using the techniques of the system to overcome his objections and transform him into an eager willing convert this guy um literally by the time he was done uh became the top salesman at every single pharmaceutical company he worked for now there's another story there that. I want to tell you which is also relevant to this he also had the worst job luck of anyone. I've ever met he got he he went into his uh into the pharmaceutical where he worked for he was a junior salesman he was rising up in sales the company went through an organization a reorganization and canned everybody below a certain level of seniority and he used these skills to go get another job and he was working his way up he was becoming the top salesman and that company went through a reorganization and he was out of a job he used this partic he went through this process like three or four times you would think he would sort for a better company using these skills.

But apparently that didn't occur to him. But every time he lost his job he got another one within a week using these skills and after being in. B in in the pharmaceutical sales industry for a certain amount of time he realized that he didn't want to do that and he became such a proponent of this process that every time he came to a training and we were about to teach this he would literally jump up and down like a like an overeager kindergartener wanting to teach this and he would proceed to use this to sell the people in the room their own pen right. He be he actually went and and created his own coaching business because he realized that no.

Matter what happened not only did he have the skills to get a new job if he needed one he also had the skills to turn prospects into coaching clients and uh. Last time. I heard he was working with some of robins's people and he was actually coaching children. So there's a whole story that you get to see the ground floor of in this particular package and you don't talk about this particular product a lot um and it has tremendous tremendous value if you're in the business world right.

So it's a lot of fun you're going to learn a lot it's going to take everything that you've learned in the other modules and show you what that looks like in business settings and applications right. And you'll get to see it used on people who don't who actually know what's being done or actively trying to disbel it and it still works okay. Um it's a it's a $297 value actually we're going to raise the price on this because it's worth way more than that. But we're going to give this to you free because we want you to know that this stuff's real we want you to have the experience of this combined value on this is $1,782 and.

Finally for the. Next 21 people who clicked that link right. Now. I'm going to give you a special.

VIP live event ticket to our. Next oops. I got. I got the dates wrong sorry about that um our.

Next killer influence live secrets of convert hypnosis boot camp it's going to be. Jan hold on a. Second let me get the give you the actual dates um. I thought.

I'd changed that on this. PowerPoint. But apparently. I did not moss and and.

Mia if you can post the actual dates of the training in the chat for people that would be helpful um again my apologies for the typo. I think it's. January of yeah. January 21st through the 25th 2025.

So for those of you who um are like what what's. David talking about um that's what we're doing um hold on a. Second get back to the. PowerPoint all right.

So yeah just uh erase this date this is. I'm learning to use. The annotation function. January actually.

I'll do it this way. January 21st to the 25th 2025. San. Diego.

So that's that's those are the actual dates. So make sure you write those down total value on this is $3,150 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free and in this like. I said before we're going to cover proxemic hypnotic operators social hypnotic operators meta programs 90c profiling lie detection the seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol the most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist the uh how to think like a master influence how to control your emotions.

So nobody else can how to transfer those emotions and create powerful levels of. Rapport for people with different applications we'll even show you how to do this on groups which is one of the most powerful aspects of this um oops oops that's not. GNA help me all right. Anyway.

So let's look. At what we got let me erase this really quick that's the problem with the using uh the zoom stuff as it stays on the screen. So let's review okay. Got the secrets of human influence home study course by at $2,497 you're going to get.

CPI 2 weapons of mass instruction neur neurological scientific storytelling. Secrets $1,997 value we're going to give you the. Renegade reframing instant conversational belief change home study course $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get. Charisma and conversion $1,997 value absolutely free you're going to get the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring uh three-month trial and the archive $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free and. Then you're going to get the stealth sell. Secrets $297 value and of course that.

VIP super ticket to uh the. Next killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis 5ay certification boot camp. January 20th um 21st to the 25th. I think is what uh what.

Moss was telling us. So all you got to do now is. Click your link and uh let me just erase some of this stuff and click that that link and we'll get started. So what we're going to do now is we're going to take a a short seven or eight minute break when we come back we're going to transition into phase three of tonight's webinar training where we go through authenticity.

Transportation identification resistance removal and we're going to customize the content of tonight's webinar to the specific applications that you want to know more about. So it is 5:55. Pacific time where. I'm at let's take a seven minute break use the restroom grab more coffee grab more chocolate or whatever oxytocin.

Laden substances you happen to be using today and uh we'll go from there oh before um while you're on your break remember that if you do have some of these courses we do allow substitutions as long as the price point is equal or lesser value than the one of the courses in this package you can substitute you just got to reach out to. Moss or. Mia and let them know what you want to swap out we can either make a recommendation or you can tell us what you want and we'll tell you how to go about that okay. See you in a little bit e e e e e e e e okay.

Folks while we're waiting for the rest of our our our. Brethren brother and sisters to get back from their break if you have questions type them in the chat. I'm happy to answer you guys have um requests for anything by all means um okay. So any sales advice would be great.

Julie everything. I've given you today is sales advice what specific problem are you having that you could use extra sales advice for all right. Let me think about it okay. Right.

Because we you know like saying sales is like saying exercise you know or or or uh work what for what kind of exercise what what's the issue that we're having where we're going with the the tail end of tonight's webinar is going to be a little bit more about. I don't want to say they're es the esoteric sides of things um. But they're things that aren't well known or that are not taught well to make a person more uh trustable if that makes any kind of sense um. So.

Charlotte's asking to help. Focus. I have to engage. But how can.

I get engaged in a book. Like. I used to obviously. But now.

I react to. Faith okay. So this is a class about influence and persuasion. Charlotte.

So maybe asking a question that's pertinent to uh influence and persuasion would be a better use of your time okay. Um one of the things. I. I one of the grudging conclusions.

I came to many many years ago was that the ability to influence and way to get people to voluntarily do what you want them to do is in our modern society the ultimate survival tactic you know back in the days when we were you know dragging people around by their hair and and slaying mastadons and things of that nature it was the uh the physical strength of a person um the the health of that person that allowed them to become or to to be become more alpha or to rise within the ranks of a society because they had access to resources they were bigger they were stronger they were faster they could hunt more they could kill more they could provide more and. So people with those attributes in that context in that environment they. Rose to the the. Apex and leaderships within their communities they became desirable in our modern society the ability to influence has replaced brute strength it's replaced um knowing how to hunt and fish that makes any kind of sense right.

It's the ability to to inspire and motivate and. Lead groups of people either one-on-one or in mass that is the alpha technique this the the the most prized the most useful the most leverageable um surviv trait or skill set that we can have okay. So um the this is part three of tonight's webinar we're back. So my question for you guys is what do you guys want to focus on for the.

Last half hour 45 minutes that we're going to be together what what applications. I know. Julie asked about sales and. I asked specifically what aspect of sales uh does she want to talk about what do you guys want to know about this is where you get to literally am you get to ask me anything and.

I will use whatever skill sets. I have available to answer your questions. So let's see here um okay. So.

Matthew is asking. I've met someone whose. English level is quite poor we mostly use a translator and it makes it difficult for the echo she's also very reluctant to go into details when. I'm doing three magic questions what can.

I do okay. This is where it gets kind of interesting. Matthew here's what you do you. Echo her through the translator okay.

So what happens is she's going to speak into. Google translate it's going to speak it in. English you're going to speak in. English and it's going to translate back into her words use as much of her wording as it's translated into.

English is possible and. Google will feed it back to her through the translator that's the only difference between doing it organically and doing it through a medium okay. But she will still open up she will still feel uh more connected to you now where it might get a little bit more challenging for you is in the three magic question segment because a lot of times when people want to tell a story having to wait for the translator and all these other things it breaks their flow right. So.

I would. I would use. I would start harvesting her words and. Then when she tells a story you tell a similar story.

But you use as many of her words to use it as to do it as possible and. I think if you just take smaller chunks and slow and extend your process you'll get where you want to go it'll just take longer right. Don't be in a rush don't try to move at the speed that you want to move move at the speed at which she's comfortable moving and. I think you'll get your outcome faster one of the one of the most interesting paradoxes that.

I've come across in the realm of fast persuasion is that if you want to persuade people faster slow down most people who come through the the. NLP world are taught that. NLP is best done fast and they translate that to mean that. I need to move through the technique as fast as.

I can. But that's actually not what it means what that means is is that you move as fast through the technique as the subject the target of your influence can go if you if you move at a speed of five and they process at a speed of three trying to force them to go at a speed of five isn't going to get you there they're going to bail on the process okay. But if you can slow down your process from a five to a three and synchronize with them you're going to get a much more comfortable much more rapid positive resolution of what you're looking for right. So the the.

Paradox of persuasion is that more often than not trying to get somebody to move faster actually causes them to dig their heels in and drag it out longer whereas when you slow down and you sink with that client you'll get your outcome faster and they'll feel less manipulated or pressured um. So let's see we got. Charlotte here the aspect of sales when they are more than one in a team and your team argument when doing this okay. So.

I all right. Better question. Charlotte. But now.

I need you to get a little bit more granular in your asking of the question when there's more than one person in a team. Then what you need to do is you need to. Target and identify the group leader in that team now a lot of times the person asking the question isn't the team leader. But there will almost always be some kind of nonverbal indicator of who that team leader is a lot of times a person speaking will be the team leader.

But look. At who. PE there there's there's this this thing in body language we call conf confirmation glances or confirming glances you see it a lot in interrogations where there's two people being interrogated at the same time where one guy is the obvious. Alpha the other is the obvious beta right.

And a good a good interviewer will be able to. Target who the alpha is and who the beta is and they'll. Target things at the beta um because that's that's the weak. Link in the chain and you'll see the beta always looking at the the alpha for what to say and what not to say when you're in a group when you're when you're dealing with groups you need to get rapport with the group.

But the fastest most efficient way to get rapport with the group is to find the. Rapport leader and get rapport with them because if you can get the. Rapport leader in the group to like you. Then by proxy and by extension the halo effect takes over and they everybody else will approve a you as well especially if that.

Rapport leader is well regarded okay. So. I hope that that answers the question. I'm not sure if that's the question you're asking.

But that's the one and in killer influence we have whole drills for that we have drills on grp group. Rapport where you literally have to leave the room you go into a specific identity. State the group decides who their. Rapport leader is going to be and they use specific non-verbal cues that the person outside the room has to zero in on.

So the person comes in embodying a certain identity state they're surveying the group that they're approaching to figure out who the. Rapport leader is and. Then they give a specific um body language cluster that. I'm going to teach you on this this webinar to link and sync with that.

Rapport leader and thereby getting acceptance from the entire group okay. Okay. So that's that's the. First thing you got to get the group to like you now when.

I back in my days when. I was working with a lot of people in the attraction and dating. Community there was this group process known as befriending the obstacle and befriending the obstacle was this idea that no. Matter what person there is that you want to interact or attract there's almost always one or more.

Gatekeepers people who are going to interpose themselves between you and the person you need or want to talk to and you need to find a way to befriend that obstacle or to get those people to like you. So they'll vet you and that you pass through them to the person you seek to in influence one of the ways that you can can hack that is by if you're in a group dynamic and there is an obvious. Rapport leader getting that rapport with the group leader. First and.

Then having that. Rapport generalize to the rest of the room um let me see here. So. Matthew says.

I think you're quite right. I was talking about um slowing it down. So. David is sosian is asking can you please explain if words that come out of a person's mouth have already passed the filters what are those filters functionally speaking there's way too many to list here.

But. I'll give you the basic idea you have um beliefs that govern a person's uh mission in life you have beliefs that are values and rules for getting those values satisfied you have beliefs about who they are and what they can do in the environment beliefs about who and what they can what their capabilities are beliefs about what they deserve now you also have a set of filters that are my history and context uh the emotional states that. I'm in uh what my limitations and traumas are regarding the conver all of these things are inter are playing a part in those filtering mechanisms right. This is why you have to be very very careful when you're using influence skills that when you deviate too far from a person's exact word this is why as as powerful as it is.

I'm not a big advocate of something called active listening or reflective listening because what they want you to do in in active listening is they want you to take a statement that somebody made and paraphrase it or say it back to them using different words well the problem that you have is those words that you're paraphrasing to are not an exact key to lock fit for the words that just came out of their mouth and now you've entered you you've actually entered entered more possibility for deviation from what you intend them to interpret versus what they actually interpret the more you deviate from their exact language right. My job as a as a teacher is to make the the the act of influencing as idiot proof and bulletproof as possible the more deviation you create in a communication the more chances you have for mistranslation misinterpretation and projection right. Projection is always going to happen. Anyway.

But the more you can make sure that what you communicated is exactly what that person wants to hear the more in alignment you're going to be right. But if you were to go look. At an. NLP book.

For example they would have this very long very intricate map of all these different types of filters that are going on um. I. I divide. I make it very very simple you can divide your brain into two two aspects you have the way the world is and the way the world's supposed to be information comes from the outside it's processed as the way the world is it's filtered through all of our beliefs our memories our traumas our uh our meta programs our um our dominant primary and rep and tertiary representational systems and what comes out is an idealized dumb down lossy version of the way the world is supposed to be based on those arbitrary standards and belief systems that we have right.

And that's what you have to work with says true on the process info um. So. Keith says don't need to have a badge just need to be in. Union with the one with the badge yes.

We cover that a lot in uh in killer influence and secrets of human influence um. So. Charlotte says. I do massively.

I'm assuming she wants she meant deviate. I must try without that okay. Um what other questions do you have before i' start arbitrarily giving you topics to talk about okay. So before we move on into the things.

I had planned to talk to you about. Anyway uh let's go ahead and just review if you're on the fence. I would now be a good time to grab one of those remaining packages remember that the. VIP tickets don't expire.

So for some reason you can't make the. January training just let us know we'll move you to another training if you've already had killer influence and you have somebody that in your life that you think would benefit from attending a five-day event you can give that ticket to them and uh and they can attend for you if uh your schedule frees up at the. Last minute. But this the training sold out and you have a.

VIP ticket we'll make a seat for you if you can't come at the. Last minute just let us know we'll move you to another training if we raise the price between now and. January you don't pay a dime more uh to attend that training okay. So you're.

G to get the secrets of human influence home study course valed at $2,497 you're going to get weapons of mass instruction $1,997 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get re. Renegade reframing instant conversational belief change and objection. Mastery $1,997 value you're going to get. Charisma conversion.

Valu at $1,900 $97 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program you're going to get a copy of the stealth selling. Secrets home study course $297 value and you're going to get that five-day.

VIP ticket total value on this is $3,930 if you were to buy them individually on the website you can get it all for just one low installment of $9.97 or you can break that up into three easy installments of uh 3.97 each all you got do is click the link www. killer influence.com slgo it's www uh hold on a. Second. HTTP www. killer influence slgo and we'll go ahead and put your name into the database and you'll get all that good stuff all right. So let's review really quick we talked about the echo technique right.

The objective for this was how to ethically and instantly connect with prospects on a deep emotional level. So we talked about the echo technique. But we also talked about um other things as well we talked about authenticity right. Um let me just use the text for this we talked about authenticity toity we talked about sincerity we talked about entering the conversation in the mind of.

The. Listener okay. These are all things that relate directly to our ability to use the echo technique effectively. But there's more to it many of these things work because they signal a something inside of the the human nervous system we call sess.

So this is where we get a little bit. Politically. Incorrect sameness is related to this idea we call the identification principle we've all heard this in one form or another how many of you by show that's me in the chat or me in the chat have ever heard the expression people like people who are like themselves how many have heard that expression okay. Good here's where we de here's where the art of influence and persuasion deviates from the idealism of our modern society and what.

I mean by that is this. I don't care what your ethnic background is. I don't care what your religious background is. I don't care what your gender of origin is.

I don't care what you think you like here's what. I know the human nervous system always feels more comfortable around nervous systems that are similar to itself let me say that two more times the human nervous system your nervous system your unconscious ious mind always feels more comfortable around other systems that are identifiably like itself to put it bluntly your nervous system is moving through the world projecting your inner environment on the external world and looking for the things that match and the things that don't match it pays attention to both the things that don't match gain more attention because they're potentially dangerous the things that do match gain attention because they're safe familiar and comfortable. So we're moving through the world sorting into same sameness and difference samess and difference sameness and difference and some people will automatically emphasize the differences in people some people will automatically emphasize the sameness in people. But it really doesn't matter because we're doing both all the time now one of the things that um you'll learn about in cpi2 which is all about storytelling and metaphor that when you're telling a story and you want that story to have the maximum amount of impact the the protagonist the hero of that story has to be as much like the person hearing the story or watching the story as humanly possible the more points of connection the more points of sameness that you have between the protagonist of the story and the the audience of the story.

The more transportability you will create now transportability is a hypnotic phenomenon it is a measurement of an ability for someone to become completely absorbed into a story or narrative okay. In fact. I'll give you a definition of it right. Here on a.

Second let me go ahead and share my screen real quick by the way the reference book. For this is uh resistance and persuasion by. Dr. Eric nolles and these techniques would be considered uh.

Omega strategy. So these are resistance removal techniques transportability is the tendency for an individual to become deeply immersed or transported into a narrative okay. This immersion can lead to a reduced critical analysis of the message and an increased likelihood of accepting the narrative's influence this is where it gets really cool narrative persuasion storytelling is never consciously perceived as an attempted influence and when the. Storyteller imply just implies that there's going to be a story coming your brain automatically starts to tr out it starts to go into what we call.

Neural coupling neural coupling is this form of brain wave entrainment that happens when a story listener is focused on the. Storyteller and. So what happens is the the. Storyteller starts telling the story and the.

The. Listener starts to sink and. Then eventually they start moving at the same speed. But what happens is as the as.

The. Listener. Falls deeper into. Rapport their brain starts to speed up and they start predicting and anticipating what's going to happen.

Next in the story this phenomenon is known as no. Coupler now depending on how you construct your story you can amplify the transportability factor in the story okay. So notice that one of the very. First pieces of the transportability process was the reduction of critical analysis of the data being presented this is really important because when a person is powerfully transported into a story and here's the thing people cannot not be transported by a story it's a question of degree the two things that matter most um in transportability is a how well constructed is the story how identifiable is the protagonist in other words the protagonist the hero of the story how similar um is the protagonist of that story to the person hearing or listening to the story and.

Then the final piece is deliver it how well can you deliver that how congruently can you deliver right. These are all things that will dramatically impact the the the power that a story has over the person hearing it okay. This is why. I tell all of my aill influence students all my secrets of human influence students if you want to be the best hypnotists on the planet are actors okay.

Their entire craft is geared around one thing creating a whole different world and sucking you out of yours and into theirs and that's the tra that's the craft of a hypnotist is to create a world that is of their design where you get to interact and behave in a certain way and have certain types of experiences that allow you to change how you view the world when you come out of it and that's what good storytelling does okay. Questions on transportability and identification by the way those are all in your weapons of mass instruction bonus course everything you need including a checklist a list of questions to troubleshoot your narrative everything you need to embed in the story how you need to tell it there that's all in your your weapons of of um. Mass instruction home study course right. But these are the two biggest.

P three biggest pieces really if you think about identification transportability and delivery that allows the story to be truly effective okay. Uh. So questions on that nothing all right. Let me look.

At my little uh okay. No. Questions you guys are smart what else do you guys want to know about. Julie did you ever uh figure out what your question was.

So is that like creating an in group that no. One not everyone can join for a minute that's a really good question. So and this goes to marketing. But the problem that a lot of people have when they're promoting their business or they're seeking to influence people is they're trying to influence too broad a population good marketing good selling good uh therapy is about distilling your tools of influence down to a very narrow band of either one person or a subgroup of people.

So all good. Marketing in sales is about segregation it's about. Discerning one group from another group what their needs are how they recognize it what their rules are what their values are and feeding and speaking to those rules and those values and those uh those socioeconomic parameters the their their marriage their married their marital status their religious status their economic status right. Finding that and speaking to it finding it.

Go stepping into their life and figuring out what their challenges are what their pain points are and and getting their attention this group a may be very different from. Group. D right. And each the process is going to be the same.

But the product of that process will be different for each and every group that you're speaking to. So to your question creating an in group that not everyone can join for a minute is true enough to be true. But it's not that they can't join it's that they just don't. Naturally.

Fit in that box it's a square peg in a round hole we always want to match remember the identification principle and this is something that whether you agree with me ideologically or not this is this truth is evident in in the findings of many different persuasion and influence. Sciences from many different sources. I. I'll start with you um hey.

Kenrick. Cleveland in his work on maximum. Rapport talked about using a person's very own words and why it trumps everything. David.

Grove in his studies on clean language discovered the exact same thing from a therapeutic context. Chris. Voss discovered that using a person's very own words creates tremendous. Rapport even in people who are the bad guys the worst of the worst the hostage takers okay.

Um. Alexander penin over at um at. Stanford. University and his discovery of four honest signals mimicry influence uh activity level and uh con or consistency and variability discovered that when people actively mimicked and copied the person they were interviewing with or interacting with their compliance and their their pay raises and their their getting hired was boosted by as much as 30% um uh.

Wendy. Patrick in her in her studies on in the book. Red flag she talks about how if you go shopping at a mall and you buy a a fancy watch or a pair of shoes and you get on the bus to go home and seated on that bus is somebody who has the exact same watch or the exact same shoes that you just bought the chances of you going over sitting. Next to that person actually starting a conversation go up astronomically why because our nervous system is moving through the world searching for itself it sorts for what's familiar and what's most familiar is what's inside of you and that's why you always feel more comfortable around people who have as many things in common with you as possible right.

I don't make the rules. I just report them. So if you want to influence you need to understand how pervasive this ident and. I.

I coin the term identification principle this is how persu per pervasive it is right. You know yes. I believe in diversity yes. I believe in inclusivity.

But here's the truth your nervous system doesn't you'll always feel more comfortable around people like you than you will about people who have obvious differences. I don't make those rules. I just report them you can use it or not you can rail against it or not. But this is this is this is the truth okay.

So. Julie's asking the question is how to handle. I need to think about it okay. So you don't want them thinking about it you want them feeling about it when you start tapping into a person person's emotional needs they will generate the exact trans logic they need to justify acting on that impulse now the only time you will get a and and.

I need to think about an objection is when you missed the value when you missed the criteria right. The only other time that that might come up and it's it's usually not the real problem is when the price is way too high. But. I haven't even found that to be a very big barrier when you've got the values locked in and you've bonded what they want and need to what you offer in the according to their rules in the way that they've done it they'll find a way to get the money they they won't need to think about it okay.

So that's my. First answer hit them in the values and keep doing it right. The. Second thing is that can can be really create and.

I need to think about an objection is you get too overeager in trying to close the sale in other words you see them biting you see them getting excited and. Then you get excited you you just go for a high pressure close right. How do you deal with personalities that are when they're logic okay. I don't because nobody's personality is that logical right.

When you're when you're unlocking values guys logic goes out the window people don't make decisions based on logic they make decisions based on their feelings and justify it with logic okay. But since we're on the subject of. I need to think about it let me give you a few ways to think about it now this gets into uh. Renegade reframing which is another one of of your bonus courses.

So there's two or three reframes that. I like to to teach people that are my favorites the. First one is called a redefined. So when somebody gives you an objection what they're giving you is basically a belief now beliefs have three pieces they have a cause they have an effect and they have a meaning.

So if. I say someone says. I need to think about it right. They've given you the effect.

But they you they haven't told you why they need to think about it right. They haven't given you the cause. So if someone says. I need to think about it you can just look.

At them and say great because right. So. Julie since you're on the chat you play with me really quick. So.

I've just. I've just offered you the thing you you said you most wanted that would make the greatest degree of change in your life uh that's. I'm assuming. I've done my work properly right.

And you tell me. I need to think about it and. I look. At you and.

I say great you need to think about it because and answer my question just type whatever comes into your mind you and. I'll show you what this looks like it's a lot of money you're right. But maybe it's not that it's a lot of money it's just that you haven't realized how much value and how much transformation this is going to be in your life yet is that possible right. Or.

I need to think about it well. I'm curious maybe it's not that you need to think about it. But rather you need to really decide if it's what's more important to you the money you're going to invest or the change you're going to get okay. Now what.

I did there is called a redefine the re the the simple structure of a redefine is it's not. X it's y. But what. I had to do.

First and by the way did you notice the way. I presented the reframe. I didn't say well it's not this it's this. I didn't beat you over the head with it.

I said well. I'm curious is it possible that it's not. X it's y that's called soften and when you deliver a reframe in the form of a question it completely flies under their defense mechanisms and they have a perspective shift in a matter of seconds right. And.

Then what. I did on the. Second part. I did what we call hierarchy of criteria or hierarchy of values reframe.

I ask which is more important the money or the massive transformation you're going to enjoy as a byproduct of this training and now you're asking them to to do a simple evaluation do they want the change or do they want to save the money right. And the moment and your job by the way is not necessarily to get them to say yes. It's not to it's not to manipulate them into doing something that's not right. For them your job is to guide their thinking process to where they can make the best decision for themselves most objections are not the objection that comes out of their mouth most objections are an unanswered question that because a need hasn't been satisfied a need hasn't been elicited and it hasn't been linked to.

But. I'm here to tell you from bottom of my heart that when you actively linked to a person's emotional needs and you do it right. You don't get objections the only time you'll get an objection is when you've missed the value or youve violated a value right. And after a while your your your sensory acuity will get really really sharp to the point where the moment you say something you'll see the the micro expressions and you'll know that there's something there that you need to elicit uh and clear it before it comes out of their mouth okay.

But the simple structure is you know in order to to do a re in order to do a reframe you need to elicit both sides of that belief. So phone it doesn't matter it doesn't matter phone sales you'll hear it in their voice you'll hear it in their pauses you'll hear it in the consistency and variability of their tonality this is why studying. Alexander penland's work on honest signals is really really powerful for those of us who are going to who are not going to be working through a visual medium because you can hear consistency and variability um in their nonverbals okay. Anybody have any other questions about what.

I did or how. I did it or want to try their luck no. You guys want to throw out another objection and. I'll change it for you yeah.

Julie for for what you're doing you'd absolutely want to get uh both cpi2 which is. Weapons of. Mass instruction. But spend a lot more time on emotional bonding checklist which is in your.

CPI and killer influence one and. Then look. At the. Renegade reframing and the 14 reframe patterns softeners and um that in that inquisitive kind of reframe installation okay.

Well. I'm curious um how. H how happy would your husband be with the changes you want to make and maybe it's not that maybe it's not that you need to discuss it with your husband maybe you actually you're just afraid of your husband and you're not ready to make that change yet would that be possible and thinking about it like that what's more important to you getting the life you want or dealing with your husband. Jo.

Charlotte saying if someone says. So if someone says. I'm treating them like. I don't appreciate or like them when.

I do like them okay. So well it's not that look. Me treating you this way doesn't mean. I don't like you it means.

I'm focused on something else that has a higher priority. So. I can spend more quality time with you right. So notice the structure of the reframe it's not the.

X it's the. Y right. So if someone says. I'm treating them like.

I don't appreciate them. I might say well. I'm curious you think that way because. But you actually gave me both ends of the belief.

So. I don't really need to elicit that right. It's not that. I don't like you or appreciate you it's that.

I'm focused on something else that has to take priority. So that. I can spend more quality time with you right. To use a hierarchy of criteria reframe.

I could say well. I'm curious it's interesting that you you you feel that way. I'm curious what's more important to you thinking that. I don't appreciate you or looking below the surface to what.

I'm actually doing. So that you realize. I can. I'm actually trying to spend more time with you and show you how.

I appreciate which is you know which is more important to you you guys you guys hear what. I'm doing you understand the structure which is more important to you the x or the. Y where the x is almost always something you want them to move away from something you want move towards or the x is something you wanted to move towards the other is something you wanted to move away from right. A lot of your persuasion and influence and.

Body. Language non-verbal people reading skills will will distill down to one of two choices towards or away from people are always moving towards something or and away from something or away from something and towards something your job is to categorize their behaviors uh as one or the other okay. Okay. So.

Forex madalie says. I want to get some bids from other vendors great and. I think you should absolutely get those bids from other vendors. But.

I'm curious about something what's more important to you wasting your time shopping around trying to get to save a few cents or saving your valuable precious. Time by getting by by getting exactly what you asked for right. Here angel says. I love you.

David now that's a simple hierarchy of criteria reframe and again the reason. I chose that particular reframe for tonight's training is because the. First part of tonight's webinar was all about getting to a person's values the what's important about question in the reframe. I'm using.

I'm asking the same question. I'm asking you to compare two different values and which one's more important with the one that's more important being the one that leads to the outcome. I want you to have. Keith says.

I want to find another. Mastermind group and. Keith. I think you're absolutely entitled to go look.

As many groups as you want. But. I'm curious what is it about other. Mastermind groups that you think you're not getting here.

Matthew says what was. Alexander's. Last name oh uh. Pendleton or pendland p n l a n d he goes by.

Sandy pendland at. Stanford um like it works for good and clear the other way because moving toward yes. Everything again. I my job with.

P again like. I said at the beginning of the webinar if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the field of human influence and persuasion we got time for this much part of my job as your teacher your guide on this is to make it easy for you to make it simple and one of the things you'll find as you sort through ton after ton after ton of persuasion nomenclature that 99% of everything can be sorted into towards and away from and when you start sorting from that filter a lot of things get really really obvious and they get really really simple. But there's a process we all go through to to reach that. Epiphany.

I can shorten the learning curve. But. I can't remove it and that's why. I gave you the the this webinar for sure.

But also the package that. I gave you is because it's it's my it's the fastest way. I know to shorten that that learning curve and move you from. Zero to.

Hero from begin to expert and master in the shortest amount of time possible you need a community that supports you you need a live training for full immersion you need uh feedback and support from the administrative side of things you need content and and products that you can reference when you're not in one of those other training areas and you need to be a to apply it directly into your life in small pieces. So you can measure the effects and that's why we're giving you the things you're giving me. I don't want you to believe everything. I'm telling you just because.

I said it. I want you to go out take. Echo technique take the emotional bonding checklist take the reframe patterns that. I've just showed you look.

At transportability and identification and how those all work together and use them play with them. Watch. What. Happens and the the level of compliance and.

Rapport and connection that you get as a byproduct of this training and the and the content and the courses in it right. All right. Let's see uh. Last round of questions and.

I'm going to do all right. Save link and oops that's not it on. Second okay. So.

Last call um for the um the package. So once again remember that the fast action bonuses the the three-month. Mastermind training the stealth selling secrets and the five-day. VIP ticket they all go away when.

I log off the webinar okay. So here's what you get tonight for. One loans stallin in 997 you're going to get the secrets of human influence home study course. Val at $2,497 you're going to get the weapons of mass instruction the scientific and seductive storytelling.

Secrets the. Neuroscience of narrative persuasion $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get. Renegade reframe in the art of conversational belief change and objection. Mastery valued at $1,997 we're going to give that to your free you're going to get.

Charisma and conversion um this is going to be the hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers $1,997 value you're going to get as your fast action bonuses by clicking that link right. Now you're going to get the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring three-month trial program $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to give the stealth selling.

Secrets uh home study course that's the addendum to our stealth. CPI program two $297 value we're going to give that to you free and. Then. Finally you're going to get that five-day.

VIP ticket to the. Next certification boot camp for killer influence secrets of covert. NOS it's the number one. NLP training program in the world world four years running it's a $33,150 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free the total package value here is $3,930 you can get it all for one low installment at just $9.97 or you can break that up into three easy payments of$ 397 each all you gotta do is click that link in your chat right.

There www. killer influence.com goo click the link now before it goes away and um we'll go from there. So just to answer. Keith's question many in my area could use the physical mental emotional and financial leveling up massively uh. I wish to start a master my group okay.

Great. I highly recommend you do that. Keith if you want to start a mastermind group do it one of the fastest ways to level these skills up is to teach it and. I encourage it.

I absolutely 100% encourage you guys to do that all right. So click those links right. Now before. I log off if you have questions reach out to.

Moss or. Mia. Moss. NLP power.com.

Mia. NLP power.com you can call 858 282 4663 um and for you guys in the. YouTube chat 858 282 4663 right. And by all means please leave your contact information if you leave your contact information.

Then you'll at least qualify for the bonuses if you don't leave your contact information and you try to uh get them tomorrow it ain't going to happen happen. So by all means please please please leave your contact information all right. That's all. I got for today um in the words of the immortal.

Carol. Bernette. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say salong good night my friends.

I love you. I'm your guide. I'm your teacher. I'm your friend.

I'm your. Mentor please click those links join the party and let's get you to the. P the. Apex of that persuasion pyramid in the shortest amount of time possible.

I love you good night and. God bless take care e for.
