Title: Mind Control Skills | Psychological Tricks for Getting Rid of Negative Emotions
File Name: rcUW95dGnks.txt
Video Id: rcUW95dGnks
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcUW95dGnks

So we're going to start with the rolling hands induction okay. Is it okay. You don't have any neck problems really okay. So what.

I want you. I want you to put your hands out like this mm something like that okay. What. I want to do.

I want you to start rolling your hands like this and every time. I say switch. I want you to switch the direction rolling rolling rolling keep those puppies rolling rolling rolling here rolling here every time. I say switch.

I want you to switch any. So just look. At your hands faster-faster-faster switch faster faster switch faster faster switch faster faster switch switch switch please leave all the way down deeper deeper with every breath you take every beat of your heart and you're just going deeper still now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm gonna ask you to open and close your eyes. Each and every time you close your eyes. I want you to double triple maybe the quadruple that sense of physical relaxation want it to happen expect it and enjoy the process of allowing it down deep sleep all the way down deeper and deeper that's right. And deeper still just relaxing letting go and deeper still that's right.

Tensions gone from your body and mind open your eyes. You sleep all the way down now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I want you to use that amazing imagination of yours.

I want you to begin to imagine that flowing in through the top of your head all the way down the tips of your toes. I want you to imagine besides the airplanes going overhead saying that they're really excited about your new transformations that are coming. I want you to begin to imagine a beautiful glowing orange fluid going in from the top of your head down through your body to the very tips from your toes and it begins to you know fill you up fill you up like water fills up a bottle or a coffee fills up a cup or liquid fills up a test tube begins to fill you up now as this energy begins to fill you up really well that glowing orange fluid has very special properties it's a substance that we call the universal solvent and as it flows into your body filling you all filling you up filling you up in all the right. Ways like a magnet is drawn to metal like water soaking it into a dry sponge the universal solvent begins to seek out every place in your mind every place in your body and replacing your spirit where you're harboring any stress any strain any less than positive experience resistance to change or believe it begins to soak into those areas begins to saturate penetrate and dissolve and break up all of the stress all of the strain all the less than positive memories experiences or beliefs resistances to positive change that you've been carrying around the things you consciously know about everything just know about the things that have been locked away in your body without your knowledge consciously that it didn't wait to be processed dissolved and let go for all the right.

Reasons and as that universal solvent begins to fill you up the tips of your toes to the top of your head when you know you're completely full. I want you to let this finger float upwards with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue deeper still now at the moment not yet. But in just a moment you probably familiar with a substance we call peroxide right. You may begin to notice as.

I count from one to five a sensation similar to that fizzing and bubbling and tingling sensation that you get when per oggi used peroxide as the universal solvent begins to become more and more active begins to become more more potent more and more powerful dissolving any stress and he's training any resistance to positive change any belief or circumstance remember it's not making your life better things you consciously know about thinking as you unconscious we know about begins to solve dissolve and resolve them from your body. So dissolve and resolve and from the mind point them out of your tissues out of your acupuncture meridians out of your fashion mind and spirit holding them in suspension in the glowing orange fluid until your body is left free cleansed purified in all the right. Ways that are important and we're to doubling and tripling in size and intensity getting more and more powerful as that cleansing inner healing and transformation process continues you may be going to notice a sense of pleasure growing from deep inside of you becoming free to express itself because everything that was in the way is dissolving away leaving you cleanse nourished soon didn't nurtured at the very deepest level of your body and mind number three doubling and tripling in size and intensity again you may notice feelings come up as they come up they come out as you feel them you reveal that you reveal them damn human it's just the way it works for you number four even more powerful now five maximum intensity only getting better and when you know your standard definition when you know consciously and unconsciously that process is completed. I want you to allow this finger to float upwards with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the.

Next part of our process perfect now goes deeper noticing how good you feel now in the moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm gonna. Callan from one to five as.

I count from one to five something amazing is going to begin to happen from the tips of your fingers and the tips of your toes that's a little tiny faucet or spigot opening you're going to notice those taps opening and that fluid is going to begin to flow out of you taking with it all this dresses all the strains all the less than positive experiences of things you consciously know them most importantly man the things you unconsciously know about things have been held down there without your knowledge for. So long that have been stored there waiting to be released in just the right. Way at just the right. Time given all about fluid flowing out of you leanin self cleansed healed lighter energized rejuvenated and nourished in all the ways that are born fill the growing sense of self confidence self esteem self worth liking who you are inside more and more and more number one learn yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand-new reality reality where you're the one who knows how to do this you know the one who's had the experience it can easily lead anyone through it anytime anyplace because you know how wonderful this feels and it only gets better number two all my suggestions from me to you from you to your unconscious mind.

I know a thousand times more powerful than ever before doubling and tripling from whatever intensity they're at to as far as you can possibly go at me and further number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind well now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those solutions in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four it's all for you. Ben you've made the investment you've made the journey you follow the instructions obeyed the commands you deserve the rewards and it's true for you now on the. Next count you can emerge from this day only of the ratings being that you know you've got only the rating speed at every level of your body and mine is completely clammy field soothe revitalized in all the right. Ways for all the right.

Reasons had a clearer mind clear thinking and acting with a calm self assurance and every suggestion you heard me give to. Robert and to. Chris and to. Fran of them mmm it was pleasurable feelings ooh that's right.

They're only gonna get stronger and stronger and stronger more joyful more satisfying more exciting more to in all the right. Ways that's my gift to you for being such a great subject following the instructions and obeying the commands light only gets better and better number five come on give her a big round what you just saw there was the. First stage in the identity by design silo it's called general negativity clearing pretty good gentle negativity clearing is like soaking the pot before you scrub it right. It allows us to systematically remove a great deal of stuff that may be in the way ancillary muscular tension emotional tension things like that in.

Mass. I have two techniques that fall into this category the. First one you just saw is called universal solvent the. Second one most of you are probably intimately familiar with already if you've watched any of my videos it's called gray room okay.

Since most of you are somewhat familiar with gray room already we're gonna save that for another set of inductions. But what we're gonna do now and we're going to begin to embark on this on a more therapeutic stress reduction track we're gonna start a focus on level 1 by design silo we're going to integrate that in with our inductions okay.
