Title: Pressure Point Crash Course   set up one   tw 11
File Name: RDhjOnuXzxo.txt
Video Id: RDhjOnuXzxo
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDhjOnuXzxo

All right. Those of you keep working on this uh some of you guys have been doing this a while. I'm going to give you your. First pressure point this one is very common if we're going to the outside uh everybody hold your elbow up.

Let it. Bend find the tip of your elbow place your palm on the elbow curl your fingers and roll your your knuckles in uh actually reverse that. So it's this one now if you feel in here use you. Alex you right.

Here. I probably screwed that up bend your elbow feel a little. Notch right. In there that's where we're going little.

Notch right. Here okay. We want to go deep with it okay. So.

I'm here feel that little groove right. In there yep little groove right. In here in that little. Groove is what the anatomy books like to call a.

Gogi tendon receptor okay. Monitors the stretching of a joint if. You' ever seen anybody pressing a lot of weight and they get to a certain point and they're kind of stuck and they start to shake and all of a sudden everything goes what happened is that nerve got activated the shoulder muscles release and you lose it okay. So one of the things that we're going to do now is when we play with this as the strike is coming in punch.

I'm here. I catch catch the wrist. I'm going to turn this up. So that the elbow's pointing at the ceiling.

I'm going to place my palm on the tip of the elbow roll the fingers in to find that joint or find that little group and what. I do here by the way this is not a hit nerve okay. In a minute. I'm going to cover um the different things you need to understand about pressure point work not every nerve that we're going to be attacking requires hitting for instance if he makes this night he's got a good strong arm make it strong let's lock it out if if.

I'm. I'm here make strong come on you can do it yeah good if. I hit this he's not going anywhere okay. That nerve doesn't monitor hitting.

But. But if. I vibrate it it releases okay. So this does nothing a push does nothing a hit does nothing vibration.

However will turn him right. Over same same nerve pathway same nerve pathway runs straight up to the. Horseshoe of the tricep this one requires hit if. I vibrate this that's just annoying.

But. I tap it his back and shoulder release kind of weird huh yeah all right. But it gets better right. So the whole idea now is um.

M. Steve for this punch comes in. Brush trap oh bad news for him right. So if.

I if. I land on this point which is the vibration point. I want to nugie it a little bit. I want to go deep like.

I'm giving somebody a. Dutch rub oh that's. I want to go towards the brain and away okay. Adjus strike comes in here.

I catch it by the way most of the techniques. I'm about to teach you are in most early uh beginner. Kata in most martial arts they just don't show you it this way. So you spend two years learning them and you don't need to you could learn 20 spend learn it all in 20 minutes everything.

I'm going to show you is about attacking this point it's all based on where it's pointing it's going to be the same angle and direction. I'm going to use the wrist. I'll get to this in a minute. But.

I'm going to use the wrist to change the angle of the technique. So as the strike is coming in here. I catch it here elbows pointing up. IO down go down and in this way okay.

If the elbow's vertical. I'm coming from the outside this way if. I'm stuck on the inside that way for those of you who do traditional. Kempo forms.

Jiu-Jitsu. Jiu-Jitsu doesn't have forms. But tawo anything that does movements like this these are all your blocks they're not blocks they're brakes he grabs me that's what the. Masters were hiding from us that's why in your.

Kata you always have one hand on your hip and one hand doing something else because this is the hand that was grabbed or he grabbed me see this see that and. Then sometimes you'll see him do this. So they'll do weird crap you kick that leg oh that hurts okay. So.

But everything. B everything works off this movement brush check strike okay. This pressure point by vibration down and in go got to go deep if you just rotate surface or rub surface on this it's going to annoy him it's not going to activate you got to go deep okay. Be gentle because your partner gets to go.

Next. But again work from. I like to start from the elbow pointing to the ceiling find the point and vibrated. Got.

It. Go sure vibrate.
