Title: FREE NLP SEMINAR: Instant Conversational Hypnosis Part 2
File Name: rELnUAF-2Q4.txt
Video Id: rELnUAF-2Q4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rELnUAF-2Q4

I'm sorry when we experience something well we have the primary experience and. Then our brain creates basically a very intense photograph the best analogy that. I can give you uh can you. John can you get the the thing.

So. I'm in the shot the best example. I can give you the best metaphor. I can give you is uh if you've ever seen a a digital photograph that's really really high def right.

You ever try to send one of those suckers through. Yahoo yeah it doesn't work why because the damn file's too big right. So what do you have to do you have to save it down you have to keep compressing it and removing information and removing information and removing information until it's something the system can handle now if you send that you. Finally get it down to a size that you can send and you send it you send it to a person who wants to blow it up right.

And they blow it up and it's at that small size. But they don't like it that way. So what do they do they try to make it bigger and all of a sudden all the missing information that's pixelated there's parts missing. So you have two choices you can live with the lossy photograph or you can open up your paint program or you can open up.

Photoshop or. Coral or whatever you use and try to put the information back and hope it's right. That's pretty much what we do with every experience that we have that we catalog in our brains is we create a distorted photograph and. Then try to recreate the experience based on the information that's left okay.

But the beautiful thing about it and people don't realize is that the actual experience is gone it can't come back. So the only thing that's left of it is the way you're choosing to remember it notice the words. I used the way you're choosing to remember it most of us don't realize we have a choice those expressions those memories they get encoded randomly and by default based on the person we are and the emotional states we're in at the time the information that we have and we don't realize that we can go back and change the code we can put information back in or take information out that changes how we experience that memory your body is already predisposed to default to memory over thinking. Anyway.

So if you're going to go back and remember something would it be would it be more useful to remember things that make your life better or make you feel shitty. So why don't we just go back and change the photos. So that when we remember them we remember them in a way that makes our life better and that's what we do in. NLP and hypnosis and specifically.

NLP within hypnosis because to air is human to really complicate things you need a neural linguistic program and. I mean that. I mean that you. I do not believe anybody should learn.

NLP. First ever i think you should become really really good at hypnosis because. Then you can screw up all the different ways you can imagine and fix it and no. One will ever know and you can take any.

NLP pattern on the planet and make it work even if you just seen it once you can make up and it'll work nlp tends to install in people this fear of making a mistake they they become slaves to the script slaves to the recipe instead of a master of the principles that govern the mind. But it works it gets people functional. But it doesn't give them mastery it tends to make them really really afraid to make a mistake it seems like a good analogy would be if you give someone really advanced software. But they don't have.

Yeah and. So a lot of times it's it's in what we do in my school and this is how. I do things i give you the least amount of information possible even though. I'm drowning you in information when.

I actually put you to do work you have four bullet points that you're working from your. First trance takes four steps do this check to see if they did it do this step two check to see if they did it by the time they've hit the. Second step they're already in trance they just don't know yet in my world trans is a physiological process not. You don't have to believe it it's still going to work on you.

So we idiot proof it and. Then we build on that what's your take on the relation on the like therapists working on clients who had something traumatic happen to you i do it all the time yeah. But like um like they go through it and like how did they that make you feel and this and that. But like again we talk about therapist what kind of therapists are we talking about just.

No. I want to talk about like psychotherapist yeah like psychop psycho the rapist yeah uh and what's your take on that um that approach uh to to let the um. First of all. I would suggest it's a client uh like live through the whatever the experience or something like that like uh sort of sort of re relive it i mean is that is there any good there i think you're talking about psychoanalysis where they talk about their problem over and over and over again and.

Then eventually try to come to some kind of rational understanding of the process it doesn't fix the problem yeah exactly it doesn't fix the problem if the rational mind could solve the problem it would have done it already it's it's that simple in hypnosis we have this thing called the presenting problem the reason somebody comes to you is never the reason they're there i'll give you a very dramatic example i had a lady she was in her. I guess early to mid-4s very attractive very athletic had married well. But her goal her her dream in life was to be a. San.

Diego. Chargers cheerleader now you may be very attractive you may be young for your age. But at 40 years old trying to become a. Dallas a.

San. Diego cheerleader not probably the smartest thing. But that was her goal and. So and.

So she was doing everything she could she was she was going to gymnastics class dance classes every class you could think of she was dieting she was doing everything she could she really wanted this she heard. I did performance enhancement she came to me because she was having trouble with her back flip she was afraid when she went into the back flip she started having issues holding back things like that no. Problem we put her in the chair we do what we call an affect bridge which is where we generate an emotional state we jump back to the very. First scene situation or event that has everything to do with the fear she's 11 years old getting molested by her uncle that's why she came why because when.

I ask to go back to the very. First scene situation or event that has everything to do with the reason why she's here that's where her unconscious mind went that's what's driving her behavior now between the fear of the backflip and that event there are level upon level upon level of rationalizations deletions distortions and generalizations that are still somehow connected nonlinearly at the unconscious level interesting and it's driving her behavior whatever comes when when if you're going to do hypnosis or. NLP the world their client is almost 100% lying to you the moment they tell you what their problem is they don't know if they knew they would have fixed it that information is hidden behind a firewall between the conscious and the unconscious mind. But the unconscious mind always knows where the problem started who the players were and what needs to be addressed the question is do you have the tools and the understanding of what's going on to make that change for them to help them get through it.

So how did you what did you do to help in that case we did basic regression uh we vented the emotional charge we desensitized the event we did chair therapy to um get forgiveness for all all wrongs real or imagined we reprocessed the experience and future paced it and uh she was great you know there's a lot of different ways i'm constantly experimenting with with new ways to to make change rapidly you know. But that does most of my training for for deep illness and terminal illness came from. Steven. Parkill who he wrote a book.

Called. Answer. Cancer and it was all about basically just going in and shoveling there's no. Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient nobody who suffers from chronic illness is free of an emotional component i'm a licensed acupuncturist i got over 1,800 hours.

I think in acupuncture training i do almost no. Acupuncture because. I can eliminate it most of it within one session using hypnosis right. It's just a question of what do you understand the whole model most of us don't we don't have the big picture there are some things where the the sticking point is at the physiological level there's some places where the sticking point is the energetic level and there's some places where the sticking point is the psycho emotional level and that's the part where most people really don't know how to work even even chi.

Chinese medicine which treats physiological illness and psychotal illness almost the exact same way they use the same points they use the same meridians and they talk about internal pathogens versus external pathogens. But they don't even have a very good direct way of dealing with with the emotional components that's powerful. So does that answer your question even more okay. All right.

It's interesting that. I did a. I. I.

I advertised a meet up on conversational hypnosis and most of people want to fix they just want to fix stuff. So how much time do we have. John until tomorrow until tomorrow i get that a lot a little over hour and a half hour and a half about an hour and a half all right. Thank you for the coffee and.

Oh thank. John he's the one who did the ordering john is my assistant up here. So if you guys ever have trouble getting a hold of me just harass him relentlessly harass them yeah please do well. I don't know how it is.

But you know okay. So um where you guys want to go. Next what what is it you want to play with york. I want to come back to the same that.

I was telling uh. First is productivity self-management self self hypnot uh therapies how to manage yourself and. Then let's say create good habits uh concrete them you know. So let's say this is a habit that.

I want to develop what would be my. I don't know have you ever been hypnotized never. I think it will be. But.

But. But. But right. Now maybe.

I'm open to this uh it might be done. But that's what. I'm working on uh. I recently.

I start to do visualization and meditation mhm. So if you were in trance how would you know because. I can see pictures can you see pictures now. So.

Then you're in trance where are the pictures pictures yeah point to them what do you mean you can see you can see pictures now right. Yeah point to them point to where you see the picture like it's in front trace the edges of it trace the edges of it with your hands okay. Grab it by the edges huh grab it by the edges and make it bigger what happens to the feelings connected to the picture feelings it's like open up now compress it okay. What happened to the feelings it's getting lower lower now take that picture and bring it down what happened to the picture what happened to the feeling it went down went down okay.

So where would that picture do the most good for you where would you where would where would it feel the best for you move it to that spot play with this play with the spatial orientation and move it to a place where it feels the best right. About there okay. Congratulations you were just hypnotized oh that's okay. Because he was leading me to the way you want wanted to work in the traditional hypnosis scale for those of you who don't know you have basically what we call the.

Aeron's depth scale i won't go through the whole thing. But eye catalpsy or eye relaxation is what we call hypnogogic state right. We relax the eyes. We can't open them light trans state level five is called positive hallucination level six is called negative hallucination this is a hallmark of what we call the subnambulistic state or theta state a hallucination is taking something that isn't there and seeing it as if it is right.

What did he just do he just took. A picture that wasn't there and created feelings and moved them around that's level five and six trans phenomena did we need to do a 20-minute progressive relaxation or progressive boredom induction no. We're doing these things all the time okay. The problem we have is we think that trance is something hard that trance is something different than what we already do we're doing it all the time.

Anyway. Egor we just don't realize it it's the most natural thing you do okay. So. But how does that match my uh question that because how you organize those pictures below the threshold of your conscious awareness dictates how your nervous system acts and behaves we should probably go into this since.

So. But before um. I create that picture. I was working hard in order to create that.

So it wasn't right. Away now as soon as. I close my eyes. So.

I can see now you can see come right. Back right. Absolutely. I can go back there pretty fast because.

I've done work before right. And it's right. Here when you feel it right. How did.

I know that because. I was exactly remember something it's not just about the words when people are gesturing we call this the grid. Anybody here ever see. Mission.

Impossible iron. Man we'll get to your your. This goes right. To your question by the way anybody here ever see.

Mission. Impossible or. Iron. Man i love those virtual reality scenes where he's moving stuff around and like that that is a perfect metaphor for what your nervous system does with your memories and your internal experiences when people are talking and they're gesturing they're connecting what they mentally project to what their to circuits in their body this is where.

NLP kind of misses the boat a little bit because they'll work with the subm modalities or the picture or they'll work with the feelings or they might work with the chain of states. But they won't work with them holistically they won't connect them in a way that's nonlinear for lack of a better word in my world we call it sematic bridging does anybody here have a pain or anything physical pain my shoulder come here well maybe someone else come here to the nervous system whether it's pain or fear your nervous system doesn't care to the nervous system it's all information it's all data data can be interpreted any way you choose. So where do you feel the pain point to where you feel it okay. Close your eyes.

Point to it i want you to notice that there's a color associated with that pain what's the color. First impression i want you to reach and grab all that black energy take it out hold it in your hands in front of you now make sure you got it all because sometimes that hides you got it all you sure now as you look. At it with your inner eyes. I want you to notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning.

First okay. I want you to physically grab it in both of your hands i want you to physically rotate it in space. So it's rotating the opposite of what it was physically move it. So it's rotating the opposite of what it was i lost you okay.

See it here mhm make it all put it all in your hands okay. Is it all in your hands did the color change or stay the same. First impression pain okay. Good now.

So it stopped it's gone it's gone oh well we're done okay. So here's what here's what. I want you just to make sure it goes away forever i want you to change it. So it's the opposite.

So in other words if it was moving one direction. I want you to orient it in space. So it's naturally rotating the opposite direction excellent now double the spin double it again keep doubling double the speed double the amplitude keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it slam it back in back into. Notice the change notice it's gone it was gone before i know.

But. I want to make sure it didn't come back. But it feels good i know it feels good now right. As opposed to not being just being gone it feels better okay.

I. I'm analyzing that because. I want to know what's happened that was awesome thank you thanks big round of applause what we did here yes. Okay.

So my question is let's say it isn't a physical pain it's an emotional pain or challenge. So you want to identify a place in the body where you can locate that particular it's called the. I call it the sematic address okay. And what if you're unable to connect it with a place in the body.

Then you're not feeling it well what if it's um what if you're feeling it mostly in your head start there. But it's not actual okay. So it could could actually be anywhere located anywhere and it will still be a useful exercise yeah yeah it's. It's not about uh.

Does anybody here want to feel ridiculously good yes. Me i mean. I already feel great. But just experience a little bit better yeah don't get me started i'm from.

If you go to. YouTube you'll see me using that exact same process that. I used to take. Dorene shoulder pain away to give a woman multiple orgasms what i got her attention now what i the word orgasms.

But. I. I had a. Gucci in the reptile brain what's the title of the video um orgasm i think it's touchless orgasm and it is it's for my unlimited lover program touch touchless orgasm.

But it involves touch yeah it's it's. I. I'm sorry i have volunteered. But.

I don't think anyone successfully was able to get me there because. I think subconsciously. I'm afraid to that's entirely possible. But remember everything nothing.

I do is based on you having to believe it i believe that change work is far too important to be left up to the wimpy belief systems of the client okay. If their belief systems are strong enough to change they wouldn't be in my room what my what my processes are based on is compliance if you follow my instructions and you pass the test that that let me know you followed my instructions you have to get the result the result may not be what you expect because hypnosis is almost never what you expect okay. How many people here would have guessed that. Dorene was in a profound state of subambulism the the five minutes she was up here she was yes.

Okay. She was seeing things she was taking things that weren't there and moving them to other places and creating physiological changes did. I need to wave a watch in front of her freaking face no. Not a freaking face.

But. Laurel a direct answer to your question the the nervous system does not care whether it's a physical pain or an emotion at the neurological level it's information and it can be interpreted any way you want if you go to my it's a. I'll give you the. URL i have a a video of me doing waking hypnosis with a guy where.

I literally take the guy. I walk out. I say "Look. Here.".

It's called an eyelock technique and. I put him into a profound pleasure state using waking hypnosis and. I. This guy's having like multiple multiples right.

And. I take his cheek and. I go like this and. I just twist it like a freaking throttle on a motorcycle and.

I left a bruise on his cheek and he's going he's having a grand old time we call that sensation transformation why because once the unconscious mind is running the bus it we can decide what means what we decide what things mean consciously or unconsciously okay. Those of you who want to play with hypnosis a little bit. I'm going to teach you a very very quick hypnosis induction it's called the four magic bullets some of you who are familiar with an induction called the. Elman induction may be familiar with some of these processes even though this is about conversational hypnosis the.

First thing we need to understand is that this the abil to hypnotize people you need to control your state. First and foremost you need to give simple clear instructions and test them to see that they've followed it our process ladies and gentlemen our processes work i don't want to waste my time on low percentage technique that's why. I can pull anybody up out of here and as long as you go through my process you will get a result i promise you i don't. I don't have time to waste i work with very very serious problems with people and.

I'm lazy i. I truly am i don't have time for a 20-minute progressive boredom induction okay. Um. I just.

I want to get you healed i want to get you out right. But the bottom line is everything. I do is based on telling you what to do testing you to see that you've done it because. I know my stuff works the question is do you right.

So. I'm going to give you four simple steps you're going to break up into groups and you're just going to read literally. I'm going to give you. I'm going to give you index cards.

So you can write the four bullets down i'm just going to give them to you this is the only script you're going to get all right. No. It's ripped no. I'm just kidding you are such a.

I am here just pass these down all right. John pass these out okay. It's very very simple i'm going to bring. John up here as soon as he's done handing out just to to demo it real quick this is the longest induction.

I do takes less than two and a half minutes uh grab a chair. John where's my eraser oh um while while. I'm setting. John up write these things down cause and effect complex equivalence awareness spatial sit down spatial spatial cause and effect we'll just stay with that cause and effect awareness no.

Complex you can do complex equivalence if you want to it's optional i don't want to muddy the waters because we're we're. I'm throwing a lot at you tonight and. I don't and we're kind of all over the map. So.

I want to see how. I'm going to wind up tying all this together before the end of the night is over really big yeah well you guys are really and the reason. I'm giving those to you right. Now.

I'm opening a loop. But those are the language patterns that if you only knew these four language patterns everyone around you would go into a profound state of trance anytime you wanted to even if they know you're doing it and. I'm going to prove it to you okay. You don't need 31 you actually only need one.

But. I'll let you guess which one it is okay. So on your index card move over a little bit. John bullet point number one eye relaxation and test okay.

Okay. No. No. I knew you would that's why.

I screwed you up. Second is body relaxation and test notice these are hyphenated bullet points everything has test behind it three fractionation test four alphabet test now it's very simple the. First thing you're going to do you're going to ask your partner whoever that might be if they would like to be hypnotized. Then you're going to ask them would you like to be hypnotized by me because sometimes the unconscious mind says "Yeah.

I want to be hypnotized. But not by you i don't trust your weeny ass.". Right. So you can go through the magic bullets or you can just go sleep deep sleep all the way down deeper and deeper with every breath you take every beat of your heart john you're just going deeper and deeper into a wonderful state of relaxation the deeper you feel or the deeper you go the better you feel the better you feel the deeper you go now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. John. I'm going to ask you to open and close your eyes. Each and every time you close your eyes.

I want you to double and triple this level of physical relaxation that you're having want it to happen expect it to happen enjoy the process of allowing it to happen open your eyes. Deep sleep all the way down open your eyes. Deep sleep all the way down open your eyes. Deep sleep all the way down wonderful now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. John. I'm going to lift your head up and we're going to go through that process again. So the people in the audience can see what.

I just did because this is a very important part of the four magic bullet process we're going to be showing and. I want him to be able to see it clearly. So. I'm just going to lift your head up that won't disturb you or distract you that'll just make you go deeper and deeper into a wonderful state of trance in fact all you can feel moving all throughout your mind all throughout your body this wonderful rush of pleasure everywhere.

I touch you start to feel more and more pleasure that's right. Feels good feels wonderful oh baby getting stronger and stronger oh yeah it's like a big old orgasm that's right. Very good that's right. And your heart's beginning to beat stronger and stronger you'll feel that pulse bounding now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to open and close your eyes. This is called the fractionation test each and every time you close your eyes. I want you to double that pleasure double that rush double that ecstasy that you're feeling noticing it only getting stronger and stronger open your eyes.

All the way down into that pleasure open your eyes. All the way down into that pleasure open your eyes. All the way down noticing how good you feel now just enjoy that pleasure i'm going to take my hand off your shoulder when. I put it back on you'll know.

I'm talking to you. But in the meantime you can just be immersed in those wonderful juicy sensations that you love. So much now. I skipped to the middle because this is where most people have the most confusion what we did here was called the defractionation test in fractionation we take somebody in trance we bring them up out of trance a little bit we put them back in every time they go back into trance they go deeper in than the time before now since.

John's a good subject. I gave him a little cookie intense pleasure we don't usually resist pleasure most people are starve for this kind of pleasure. So if you want to feel good for no. Reason this is probably an excellent excuse for it okay.

But what we want to do is we want to make sure that he's following instructions that he's. I'm he's letting me drive does that make sense. So when. I ask him to open and close his eyes.

I'm following his. I'm guiding his eyes. With my hands i'm monopolizing his field of vision and. I want to break up the cadence i want to go open close open close open close and.

I want to see if he's with me because if he start if he's he could be in trance and still be driving the bus you know what. I'm saying he could be anticipating what to do. Next we want to make sure that our subject is in time with us does that make sense okay. This is how we do it the beautiful part is this can be a deepener it can be a test for compliance it can be a te it can be a a convincer by having to go in and out of those feelings right.

Now again. I like to use pleasure states we don't resist pleasure most of us. Anyway right. Once.

I get to that point now. John in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we've relaxed your body and.

I want you to do this in a very special way i want you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter. Z and with each descending letter. I want you to make the letters smaller darker harder to see turn the volume all the way down and when you know they're completely gone. I want you to allow this finger to float up with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the.

Next part of our process perfect now go 10 times deeper into this wonderful sense of pleasure allowing your unconscious mind to learn even faster allowing those years and weeks of training and hypnosis and your abilities in my classes to exponentially grow stronger and stronger feel your confidence level rising and penetrating and permeating to every every cell every part of your body every part of you that can store information and utilize it to be massively powerful with hypnosis and. NLP becoming 10 times stronger than a moment ago that's my gift to you for being part of our process today for helping us to organize this program and as you move through the world each and every time you go to exercise your hypnotic powers you'll feel this rush of pleasure you'll feel this good or even better and your your subjects and you will go 10 times deeper than ever before that's just the way you move through the world from this moment on and it only gets better now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from 1 to five when.

I reach the number five you'll emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed that you know you're a master of hypnosis a master of the unconscious mind able to easily roll with any changes and just do the bullet points and get the change you want whenever you want under any situation or circumstance always filled with this rush of pleasure all throughout your. That's right. Just like that one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where you're the one who knows how to do this you're the one who understands the dynamics that run the conscious and unconscious mind you understand the techniques you understand the language you understand the power and importance of being able to control your own state you understand that going deeply into trance is merely about being completely absorbed and focused in the experience that you're having about being like a little child and just playing pretend and as you begin to play with your mind and play pretend in your mind you'll notice you have more and more control more and more power over every level of your body and mind in new and exciting ways ways that help people including you because you're a people two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your unconscious mind are now 10 times more powerful than ever before 10 times more unstoppable and every day for as long as your heart continues to beat for as long as your lungs continue to move air and oxygen into your body and out you'll continue to become more and more powerful with these skills you'll continue to feel more and more confident in your ability to organize and control your unconscious mind and your ability to control your state to control the frame to tap into people at their deepest most powerful emotional levels in a way that motivates them and excites them to get the changes they want by giving you everything you want and that's really the way to move through the world three because there's always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you want to solve and your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those solutions in the quickest easiest most efficient way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you you've done the work you've made the investment you put in the time and energy to come out here you're doing the drills you're getting the skills and it's true for you now on the. Next count you can emerge from the state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got only at the rate and speed that your unconscious mind is all mathematically doing it already does it both consciously and unconsciously logically and intuitively for any situation or circumstance your confidence growing exponentially stronger for as long as your heart continues to beat for as long as your lungs continue to move oxygen in and out of your body you'll find your skills are rapidly improving in every way that's important to you in a way that you know that you're getting it number five take your time come on back yeah you smoked a few dubers didn't you give me a round of applause hey he's he's still integrating yeah okay.

So. I just. I just zapped him real quick for you to and. I started here at the fractionation because that's the one where that people get hung up i eye relaxation and body relaxation is pretty straightforward you basically tell the person to relax the tiny muscles in their eyelids until they're.

So relaxed they just won't work and when that person knows they're. So relaxed they won't work you have them test it just to be sure the moment you see this okay. Stop testing they've passed the. First test it's like a video game they get to go to the.

Next level all right. This is not about belief these are four physiological steps that will reliably put any human being who follows them into a profound state of subnambulism now we have to understand that just like orgasm and ejaculation being in trance and accepting a suggestion are two different processes just like we know that when a person has an orgasm they may not necessarily ejaculate one does not cause the other they happen at roughly the same time same with trance the four magic bullets will put 10 out of 10 people into a profound state of subambulism. But at no. Time no.

Matter how deep a person goes do you ever lose your ability to accept or reject any suggestion that you're given it's important you can be he can be you know neck deep in trance and say no. To everything. I tell him he never loses that ability you're the same way your ability to be successful is dependent on one thing your willingness to follow instructions to allow things to happen to enjoy the process and let that other part of you come out to play because they're going to play. Anyway might as well have fun playing with them right.

So all you're going to do is literally just just pretend to go deeply into trance. But really all it is is close your eyes. Relax your eyelids to the point that they won't work test them to be sure all right. Stop testing flow that relaxation from the top of your head to the tips of your toes in a moment.

I'm going to lift up your hand with the fingers of my right. Hand don't try to help me or hinder me just let the hand drop only at the rate and speed that you can double and triple this level of physical relaxation pick it up loose and limp like a wet dish rag that's what we're going for plop excellent now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to open and close your eyes.

Each and every time you close your eyes. Double and triple that level of physical relaxation want it to happen expect it to happen enjoy the process verbage is optional open your eyes. Close your eyes. Open your eyes.

Close your eyes. Open your eyes. Close your eyes. Wonderful in a moment.

I want you to begin to relax your mind as deeply as you've relaxed your body you're going to do that by starting with the alphabet backwards starting with the letter. Z making each letter smaller darker harder to see make turn the volume all the way down when you know they're gone allow this finger to float up with honest unconscious movements and we'll continue with our process perfect now go 10 times deeper while. I talk to the crowd how fast was that four bullet points i don't. You don't have.

I don't care what words you use it's not important what's important simple clear instructions test to see that they've done it and now we're cooking right. That's all conversational hypnosis really is whether you're giving the the direct the suggestions directly or indirectly you're still giving suggestion and you have to be willing to give suggestion most of us try to pussyoot around that whole being directive kind of a thing because we're afraid that we might say no. Get said no. To in a moment.

I'm going to count from one to five john when. I reach number five you'll pop out of trance all the suggestions. I've given you up to this point now a thousand times stronger the most inorggasmic rush of pleasure you can ever experience exploding out of trance ready to grab somebody and hypnotize them into a wonderful state of ecstasy one two wait for it three feel it building oh my god it's almost there oh my god four four and a half four and three/4ers five he's going to be. Well yes.

I noticed you made physical contact with them here and there how important is that element most hypnotists are terrified to touch their clients i don't i. I'll. I'll move you all over the map you don't ask permission i can it really depends on the situation if. I'm in a hypnotherapist situation.

I'll do it i'll do it beforehand i'll say "Throughout this process. I may touch you here i may touch you here i may touch you here is that okay?". I know. John pretty well i'm in a room full of people i have a video camera running i'm pretty sure.

I'm. It's not necessary no. But here's here's here's the point when it comes to hypnosis a lot of clients a lot of hypnotists especially are afraid that if they touch the client or move the client around that somehow that's going to weaken the trans state and if you here's here in in the world according to. David it doesn't matter what your client believes as long as they follow instructions.

But it really matters what you believe because that unconscious connection that vibing that coherence that takes place is what's really driving the process if. I believe that moving the subject will rouse the subject it will if. I believe me moving the subject around will only deepen them guess what it will as long as. I'm congruent with it okay.

The secret to really good hypnosis is just keep talking it doesn't matter what you say really. I mean as long as they're in a nambulistic state as long as you talk they'll listen it's when you have those oh moments yes. Um do you believe in the when you're talking that the cadence matters or there's any specific cadence can absolutely matter depending on what you're trying to do rhythm is very powerful way to to influence the nervous system. But.

Banler's tested all those things and you can you can growl people into trance i mean it it really cadence is very powerful i use it a lot comes out naturally in the way. I speak u. But is it absolutely necessary no. No.

As long as you've got attention focus and absorption and compliance specifically compliance that's what it comes down to at the end of the day did the client do what you told them to do because if they didn't they can't have the cookie right. Does that make sense. So here's what. I want you to do i want you to take 20 minutes and as fast as we did this if all you did is just read the bullet points and test to see that they've done it shouldn't take you more than five minutes to do this just put them in trance deepen them a little bit imagine that you were the one in the chair and you wanted somebody to hypnotize you to be a great hypnotist and give the subject all the suggestions you would want somebody to give you i have a question yes.

I. I noticed you started with kind of like pushing him and saying deep sleep that was an instant induction that was an instant induction that was different do we do that no. You just do the four magic bullets just eye relaxation body relaxation fractionation alphabet yes. I didn't quite catch all your words in the alphabet you don't need to use your own words that's the point you see you guys are worried about what to say it's not about that what do you want them to do the suggestion of the.

Malcolm what do you want them to do tell me what you want them to do i. Okay. So just make up something about what the alphabet yeah the. Can you.

Can you tell me what on on step number four can you tell me what you want the client to do as far as the alphabet is i. I as you said. I can do anything anything like okay. So.

I can tell him to uh think of the letters backwards and upside down yeah and chest and make them smaller darker harder to see fade them out of your brain. However you do it just relax them completely whatever verbiage you want to do. But when you know they're gone have them raise the finger to let you know right. And one of the one of the little tweaks that really helps make sure you have them turn the volume all the way down because what'll happen is the letters will disappear.

But they'll be reciting and trying to get hear it auditorially most of you here are most of you in this room are very strong audiitories and don't realize it or maybe you do and. So a lot of times the picture will disappear. But you'll still be hearing it. So when you have them turn the volume all the way down and.

I actually if you listen to my voice again. I could go in all the different subtleties. But you don't need to turn the volume all the way neurologically model what you want their system to do yes. How did you know that most of us are always because it's a linguistic meetup nobody it's a conversational hypnosis meetup which means you all have a very strong desire to hear things to create and experience things through that that modality it's not the only one you use you're all you all use all of them.

But one of the things that happens like when you read email you guys realize you don't see email you listen to it right. You sub vocalize if you know the if you know who the the email is from you hear their voice if you don't know who it's from you hear your voice and depending on what mood you're in that email either pisses you off or makes you happy right. The tonalities we'll we'll get if we have time in in other meetups we'll talk about the power of tonality to control your nervous system it's extraordinary what the tones that we carry around in our head will do to us okay. But what.

I want you to do is. I want you to have your. First if this is your. First time coming out.

I want you to have your. First formal trance experience i've been putting you guys in and out of trance all night long okay. You guys thought when. I was doing the demo on.

John that. I was doing a demo on. John no. Okay.

Every time. I was pointing at you guys. I was zapping you okay. Malcolm couldn't help.

But right. The bottom line is is anytime. I have your focus of attention and absorption. I have you in trance.

So. I use it i just install it right. To the hard drive okay. Four simple steps and you can put anybody in trance when you get them there you give them a cookie you use trance to make people better at trance does that make sense.

So whatever suggest whatever you came here for tonight you want to be more confident as a hypnotist you want to have more ability to be persuasive and influence give people the suggestions you would want people to give you and they'll be doubly powerful for you that make sense all right. Go play we'll come back in uh 10 15 20 minutes and. Then we'll go into some language patterns. So you can use the same thing for yourself yes.

Matter of fact. I do. I when. I teach self hypnosis that's the exact process.

I teach my students. First. I teach them to relax yeah what. I do.

I teach hip self hypnosis a little bit differently i teach self- hypnosis like hetererohypnosis i have somebody put you in trance over and over and over again using the four magic bullets. So you'll remember that process and. Then you can and. Then we transfer it to being self-directed instead of other directed see the problem that most people have when they're trying to learn self hypnosis is they're trying to learn it by themselves and they have no.

Idea what hypnosis even feels like. So they're deep in trance wondering if they're in trance which means basically they're installing doubt and that's why most people you believe that you in trans. I. I.

I. I did it for 20 years the hard way i. First started learning hypnosis from self-hypnosis tapes and. I would follow the process and.

I'd get really relaxed and. I'm like. I'm really relaxed am. I in trance i wonder how do.

I know. But if you're not going to think it means well that's the problem is the minute we start asking if we're in trance the part of us that analyzes judges and rationalizes activates we start to lose absorption our job is not to lose absorption it's to amplify it. So when. I talk about like when we go to a movie everybody here ever go to a movie right.

You walk down maybe you got your best girl in one hand your popcorn in the other right. You sit down in the chair maybe she if it's a. First date your hands are off. Then some way through the movie you go right.

But maybe you know whatever. So the lights go down the movie starts can you tell me at what moment you became completely absorbed in that movie instantly instantly if you could actually tell me you're lying because that means you weren't absorbed right. The more we can do that the more we can bring those feelings back the more deeply we enter a profound state of trance and if we do that while we're talking to another human being in rapport guess what they do and it doesn't matter what you're talking about what matters is what state you're in ah light bulb went off didn't it no. So how you going to explain that if you will imagine some pictures let's say you start to visualize your goals and dreams that you want to achieve for example right.

And. Then you can see them right. How you going to explain that those goals and dreams turn into reality how am. I going to explain it yeah.

I'm not going to explain it and. I'm going to tell you how to do it yeah no. But uh like that's that's what. I keep hearing all the time.

So people visualize something like we have airplanes we have lights and everything someone just created in their mind. So how you going to explain uh why it's happening like that i'm not going to explain why it's happening i don't care why it's happening i just want to know how to do it i think. I think. I'm sorry i think he wants to.

I mean you want to know how it happened because once your subconscious believes in it uh the conscious mind doesn't know the difference i mean the subconscious mind doesn't know the difference between fake and reality once you make it in your mind that's your reality you want to wake up in a certain time that's your the biggest challenge that that people have with self hypnosis is they get things out of sequence if you're going to do self hypnosis it's actually best to do most of your direct drive your visualizations your suggestion work before you go into trance if you want. Is it worth set your intention and give you deliver your suggestions. First write down the script for some moment there's three ways. I teach self hypnosis one is direct drive or direct suggestion vivification and and construct okay.

Vivification is a combination of direct suggestion and construct with language patterns what you saw me do with. Dorene uh with the spinning and things like that that's an example of a vivification exercise where you're bringing things to life you're acting things out and that's a that's probably in my world that's the most powerful way to do transformational work because it activates both your internal senses and your external it links them. But let's do this trans process. First because it's kind of moot if you can't do the trans work does that make sense go.

Derrick's like let's get to the point yeah just grab the partner and go. Grab somebody john work with. Eigor again this must work fast because. I have a long drive yes.

Doing self hypnosis with you telling me if. I'm doing it right. Sure okay. So um.

I got my four steps eye body practice oh here just relax okay. Okay. So you have pretty good control over your body uh sometimes make yourself comfortable sorry sorry. So take a deep breath relax okay.

Okay. Focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. Focus on the tiny muscles in your eyelids and just begin to relax them relax them more and more until they're. So relaxed you couldn't actually open them without putting more tension back into them and when you know you've got them that relaxed just test them to be sure they're that relaxed perfect now stop testing flow that level of relaxation from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart just let the relaxation double in triple that's right.

Now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to pick up your left hand with the fingers of my right. Hand i'm sorry i'm gonna pick up your right.

Hand with the fingers of my right. Hand i don't want you to help me or hinder me just let the hand fall off your lap or off the chair only at the rate and speed that you can double and triple that sense of relaxation want it to happen expect it to happen enjoy the process of allowing it to happen that's right. Relax loosen let me hold it that's right. All the way down deeper and deeper you can let your facial muscles just let go imagining your face just melting downwards your attention drain out now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to open and close your eyes. Each and every time you close your eyes. I want you to double triple this level of physical relaxation that you're having want it to happen that's right.

Expect it to happen enjoy the process of allowing it to happen open your eyes. Deep sleep all the way down open your eyes. Deep sleep all the way down take your hand open your eyes. Deep sleep all the way down that's right.

Letting yourself just let go and unwind feeling a wonderful sense of. That's right. Now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to ask you to relax your mind just as deeply as we've relaxed your body in a moment. I'm going to ask you to imagine the alphabet starting with the letter. Z and with each descending letter. I want you to make the letters smaller darker harder to see relax them completely out of your mind turn the volume all the way down now.

I can't do it for you only you have the power to do this now sometimes when we relax those letters completely out of our mind our jaw gets. So relaxed we get. So peaceful that we don't actually want to speak if that should happen for you when you know they're gone just let this finger float up with honest unconscious movements and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process perfect now just go 10 times deeper letting that wonderful sense of relaxation of inner peace begin to flow noticing where in your body it starts where it goes.

Next noticing that there's a color associated with that feeling and as you pay attention to where that feeling moves it can grow stronger and stronger as it traces a circuit all throughout your mind all throughout your body growing stronger and stronger creating a circuit that eventually comes back to its point of origin and as soon as it reaches its point of origin it doubles it triples begins to amplify begins to move stronger and faster like a big circuit of energy that creates more and more relaxation more and more inner peace and tranquility taking all the things. I've talked about today taking all the information and moving it into that place where your brain organizes it categorizes it and implements it in a way that's absolutely useful that gets you the results you want in a way that's profoundly powerful and perfect for you allowing yourself to go deeper and deeper carry it along on those feelings letting the learning sink to the deepest level of your body and mind the place that's always 10 times stronger 10 times more powerful than any other part and it only makes you more confident more powerful more of everything you want in all the ways that you know that you're getting it now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from 1 to five when.

I reach the number five you'll emerge from the state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it that your unconscious mind has integrated the learnings and will continue to process and apply them in a way that's completely logical intuitive ethical and natural for you in a way that allows you to feel really good about using them in a way that you want to that gets you the results you want in the way you want them number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where you're the one who knows how to do this a reality where you're the one who can learn really learn consciously and unconsciously in a way that's useful in a way that you can just go out and do it and make things happen or just watch them happen because the process is being guided by a part of your brain and a part of your mind that's 10 times stronger than any other part it sees and understand things differently and can make the right. Decisions at the right. Time you say exactly the right. Words from exactly the right.

State and feel good about it number two all of my suggestions from me to you and from you to your unconscious mind are now 10 times more powerful than ever before 10 times stronger than any other part and you'll only continue to grow stronger every time you close your eyes. With the intention of going into trance either is a self-directed transc all of my suggestions will become 10 times stronger 10 times more wonderful in all the right. Ways for you in ways that only make your life better for all the right. Reasons number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those solutions and implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you.

Laurel you've made the investment you've done the work you've put in the time and the energy you deserve the rewards and it's true for you now on the. Next count you can emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed that you unconsciously and consciously understanding can apply these things in a logical intuitive and fun way that gets you what you want by helping everybody get what they want number five take your time come on well done that was good thank you okay. You gave you a very good elicitation you did thank you. So much sister thank you you're welcome i want to tell you.

I was like a pro it's almost like she's been doing this for a few years no. I mean uh it's. So as good as you ask those questions before you right. Are you expert in.

I didn't even use your name seems like he's using a lot of names i use everybody's names yeah that's good it's most powerful name is most powerful word in their world david. David would. I use fractionation with my own self the difference is is when you when you do fractionation for yourself what you do is you focus on you pick a spot on the wall before you begin and as you open your eyes. You keep your eyes.

Focused on that spot because my eyes. Close really fast. So. I determine that going in and as far as the auto suggestion.

I. I decide going in um you give yourself the suggestions before okay. And. Then once you go into state you stop giving yourself suggestions and just go deep and just allowing yourself to enjoy the process.

So just. So. So relaxation and enjoyment are my only goals right. For now yeah because.

I've already set my intention actually this is my only intention okay. I want to just probe myself regardless of circumstance to feel good in moment i'm doing a pretty good job. But this. I think is.

Yeah once you understand how to do this you can do it anywhere in seconds it just gets faster what do you think about the breath. First if breath helps you use it. But it's. You haven't really said it was necessary although you mentioned it a couple times i'm a minimalist i.

I. I want you to start understanding that the ability to induce a trance or control the state has nothing to do with words mhm if. I can get you to become ultra effective with the minimal amount of stuff. Then anything we do after that just makes it easy cuz you know.

I noticed in my all the all the stuff that. I've studied the fastest way to get myself to um you know into into state is just to say cutting through a lot of induction and stuff if you can start with a feeling you've cut out 99% of everything else you need to do okay. So that. Okay.

So. I'm. I'm dealing with. I have been dealing with a lot of physical pain and.

I've been. So my conditioning is not to move away from the pain. But move to a feeling okay. So you think that that's also where's your pain a lot of places okay.

You got fibromyalgia no. Okay. It would seem to be a lot simpler. But if you want some help with it let me know yeah.

I will i actually watched that one video where and watching it yeah that's the weird part is a lot of times what happens is people are watching it their pain goes away too and they don't even know that. I've had people is pretty amazing that's what made me come tonight once you understand how there's a lot that's invisible it's transparent it looks like it's just words. But in that two-minute technique. I could spend two days just unpacking everything that's going on i know i know no.

I was trying to get it by osmosis you know no. Unless. I point it out it'll blow by you what unless. I specifically point certain things out you won't get it it's.

Well to me the bottom line is that it works yeah and that's what. I care about there's. And. I.

I. I teach it in different levels you can learn a version of it off the video and nuke 90% of what's out there a lot of times when there's like heavy duty chronic stuff like cancers or tumors or things like that you have to dig a little bit deeper. So what were you saying with the ostensible reason that somebody present presents to you that's called a presenting problem it's usually just it's just a rationalization it's a surface level motivation okay. For the real reason they're there.

But. But the real the real uh the real intention is always to get relief is that correct to get resolution a resolution oh okay. Resolution and. I think that's a better word resolution uhhuh okay.

Yeah and a lot of times the resolution is venting the emotional charge and giving and and giving the person the resources they didn't have at the time to understand the the the experience differently sometimes it's reprocessing or changing their perspective sometimes it's just moving its location see. I that's what. I. I think.

I think it that there are. So many things that are overly complex that that a transformation can happen in any the spinning technique nukes it all it'll what you demoed up there right. Spinning technique nukes it all because it it it synergizes inner and outer worlds it it lights up the brain like a. Christmas tree well it takes the the attention off the.

I mean to me gate is is. So much about it takes. So much attention that that's always the challenge is to shift yeah and we try to we try to ignore it we try to do these things i can talk people out of being in pain i mean if we have time. I'll show you it's really kind of cool.

But uh again that's. I love this stuff. So much i just want. I just want to download it like the.

Matrix. But. I don't have time europe is turn how do we do. I mean it was.

So easy watching you do it. But being on the spot it was a different experience you know. I'm you know my whole work is analytical analytical analytical all the time and. I.

I'm trying to to let go of that and just feel more and say "Okay. I just need these steps and what he said and and just go with the feeling rather than the thinking.". And uh she said it worked pretty good and. I know what she did um you know.

I had a little bit of pain right. Here i. I need to talk to you i got high blood pressure and some issues. So.

I need to talk to you about that okay. Um. But that that pain in the calf is 60 to 80% gone how about that how about that the secret to this is trance is not about belief it's trance is not about belief it's about giving simple clear instructions and when you can link to the physiology anytime you can tap into a person's physiology it doesn't matter what they want to believe once you activate the physiology it overwrites the psychology. But we're not taught that in classical hypnosis i.

I work in a very stressful environment when. I was younger. I enjoyed that i'm not enjoying it now yeah. I know i understand it's it's accumulating on me um when listening to you talk a bit you know.

I'm. I'm going to be interested to hear that tape again because. I heard some things in what you said that um can maybe change my experience i mean in my work if. I get things 99.9% correct that's a dramatic failure yeah.

I get that especially engineers have that that going on that's kind of the standard and. So um and that was okay. Before. But now it started to accumulate on me.

But what you were saying there is that. I can choose how. I experience that yeah you can yeah. So.

I got to listen to that tape again and we'll make it available for you yeah and you having fun with this yeah well you know. I mean. I you know all my life. I've been kind of interested in hypnosis.

But. I always thought okay. I need to make a living yeah most hypnosis hypnotists are broke yeah um. But in the.

Last u six seven years. I've been picking up a little bit here and there you know and you know. Michael. Banner his his meditative hypnosis you know his philosophy is meditation and hypnosis are two sides of the same coin meditation is receptive hypnosis is causing and.

So you know. I got his methodology um and. So now. I'm looking to see you know like in the computer languages that.

I learned. I learned this one. I only knew that. So.

I understood from that point and. Then as. I learned more computer languages. I started to get the general idea and the basic principles and now.

I don't get what language got it you got the principle. I principle and that's what we want that's where we start which makes it challenging on some people who need a formula. But once you get to the principal level now it's not it's not a recipe it's a heristic it's an algorithm that's what. I want and that's what we're doing four magic bullets is an algorithm you just do that and they go you know.

But we have to really start to make distinctions in ways that most people don't think about i don't think very classicalally as you can tell i'm very integrative and and and everything. But. But let's uh let's get back to the class and see where we go did you have a good trip i did it looked like it you guys are having fun back there how about you did she zap you no. We didn't get that far you didn't get that far all right.

All right. Let's face forward if let's finish up okay. I'll play the. Jeopardy song easy right.

You may notice. I'm starting to lose my voice a hypnotist was born hey we have a hypnotist yay. Eigor he actually went out of his way and you know he added more confidence and you see yourself in front of mirror yay it made me wake up now how hard was that uh. So it was her you know she was a great teacher before uh.

I start to do that she told me like hey do this and we repeat it over and over again. So she helped me to believe in myself. I started. So that was a big point because.

I didn't that's something. I learned from a very great hypnotist named. Orman. McIll hypnosis to get better at hypnosis we don't.

First thing we do when we learn hypnosis is we going to go out and cure smoking or make people lose weight or get laid screw that no. Use hypnosis to become a better hypnotist you just learned the keys to tapping into the unconscious mind why aren't we using it to get better at tapping into the unconscious mind we don't think about it. But we should because. Then it becomes really useful right.

And. I was listening to him because all he was saying. I want more discipline i want to wake up early i want discipline. So that's what.

I. Yeah all you did was use the exact words that came out of his mouth oh where did we hear that before yeah. But here's the thing i can if. I say those words to you with your conscious your critical factor in place it has a profound effect if.

I say the exact same words to you when the critical factor that filtering mechanism that keeps you from changing too rapidly is out for pizza it has a dramatically different effect same words different filtering process okay. What we're going to be doing now now that we understand that trance isn't that hard you're all hypnotists congratulations give yourselves a big round of applause it's all about being in the right. State giving simple clear instructions and testing. However you know how to see that they've done it.

Then it starts. Then it comes down to changing and playing with the filters to people's reality how do we do that the most common way is through what was commonly referred to as hypnotic language patterns now. I am going to give you there's seven in my world i use all of them. But if you had if you had if you only had these seven you could become one of the most powerful hypnotists on the planet and no.

One would ever know it which is the best way okay. I have one of the hardest the hardest jobs in the world in one in some respects i profess myself to be an expert at conversational hypnosis and persuasion and. Then. I have to go out and persuade people.

So they know they're always looking. So. I have these techniques. I call red herrings i give them something to resist while the other stuff slips in the back door.

But earlier. I told you to write down four four things on your notes cause and effect awareness spatial and for some of you. I gave the option of complex equivalence sorry say it again cause and effect complex equivalence awareness spatial. Is that four that's enough and what do you call these well in my worldview they're called the magnificent seven plus or minus two okay.

All good writing actually. I. I'll give you all seven. So after spatial write down temporal ordinal adverb adjective adverb adjective easily naturally automatically and.

Then there's direct commands or pattern interrupt stop start now direct command stop start now or the category is pattern interrupt all human beings think in patterns they think in chains of or sequences of thought in. NLP. Richard. Banler isolated these structures of human thought as visual auditory kinesthetic alactory gustatory okay.

When. I ask people "What are your thoughts made out of?". I get all kinds of crazy answers i get energy i get vibration and we're off in the ozone right. The building blocks of your thoughts are visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory data distinctions okay.

The order and sequence of them generates behavior if. I'm going to buy something. Derek it's. Derek right.

Yes. How did you decide to come here today what made video video you just jump the video just jumped out at you or what i was online you were online looking for hypnosis looking for hypnosis and. Then what jump to. YouTube.

So you were online yeah exactly looking for hypnosis jumped to. YouTube. Then. I started listening to one two three four.

So we got visual visual kinesthetic auditory there's his strategy for deciding to come here ultimately he went through a process until it ended with a kinesthetic the chain and sequence of the visual auditory and kinesthetic thought processes generate behavior. However uh let me have. What's your name again sweetie maria maria when. I had you create a picture earlier did you do it did you play with pictures can you do me a favor pull up the picture you really like the most yeah whatever picture you really enjoy not that one the other one okay.

Just reach out and touch it okay. Trace it trace the edges of it with both of your hands okay. So is it what's what's the shape of it like person like a person okay. So the shape notice where it is spatially where she's reaching for it it's location is it in color or black and white color color is it moving or still moving 3d or 2D 3d 3d and let me ask you a question as you look.

At the image or as you are you in the are you in the experience or looking at it and seeing yourself i'm looking at it it's not you it's not you okay. Excellent how does it make you feel exhilarated exhilarated grab the edges of the image and make it twice as big what happens to the feeling look. At her hallelujah hallelujah right. The order and sequence create behavior the building blocks of each modality which are sub they're sub elements of that modality right.

They were all visual right. Create meaning they create the experience. So on one level the chain of states creates behavior the building blocks of each modality code our experience of it okay. If you were to take that image of that person and you moved it behind you what happens to the feeling what happens to the experience of it not.

So good not. So good right. So bring it back and put it where it'll do the most good now was she just in trance say yes. Okay.

You can watch this what just happened to the feeling it just went away didn't it here. I'll just put it back is that better now see how. But wait a minute wait a minute i just took. Her picture and moved the behind i didn't tell her what to do i just went and.

I went "Oh. I'll put it back.". Oh thank you and. I went "Look.

At her how the did that just happen propriceptive entrainment you have physiologically in your body an organism known as a mirror neuron anybody here not know what a mirror neuron is and go. Google them mirror neurons are the biological foundation for empathic communication they take whatever information comes in through your propriception and your five senses and it refires preconciously all of the same neurons as what you're observing if. I connect what's your name again if. I connect with.

Maria propriceptively. I go into state and. I see that picture and. I go "Look.

At her look. At me look. At her right. Her mirror neurons pick up my intention interpret it and re-trigger the process preconciously it can't not happen it's biology.

But it's all dependent on your state if you see it you feel it you believe it their nervous system will do it oh my god really it's all physics it's all entrainment okay. Now. I wanted to cover that just to give you guys a little bit of a tease like she says. I'm.

Tentless. Second cousin we're going to get into manipulating these filters or working with filters of perception. But now we're going to do it linguistically if all you had were four of the language patterns that. I'm going to share with you tonight of the seven the seven are the most powerful there are bar none most of them a lot of them will work even if the person you're doing them to knows you're doing it the reason that works is because they are the building blocks of your reality they are the building blocks of how you make sense of the world.

Anyway the. First one is cause and effect is this useful by the way yes. Okay. Cause and effect words in this category include because obviously allows and um that's enough i have a bunch of others.

But cause and effect is the language of belief all beliefs are stated in cause and effect terms the mathematical structure if there were one for a cause and effect language is. X causes. Y x is always a pace what is a pace. Gillian what is a pace we covered at the beginning of class oh he's asking me questions i'm sorry the handwriting you got brain no.

It's because what is. X x is always a pace cristian what is a pace it's something real that's it's something we can verify as being true either through the senses or through our thought processes if we can become aware of it it's pacable it's a truism anything that we can cognitively or sincorally verify as being true is paste why is always a lead in. NLP terms a lead is anything we want somebody to think say or do sitting here listening to the sound of my words causes you to become more aware of how communicating in certain language patterns makes you more effective and doesn't that just make sense no. It doesn't it makes absolutely no.

Sense whatsoever how does you sitting here cause you to do anything now your brain's going "Oh shit.". What you talking about physiologically doesn't matter when you state something using the formula of cause and effect your nervous system interprets it as real as reality it creates a causal relationship between two things that may have absolutely no. Relationship whatsoever it's entirely pseudo logic it creates plausibility not causality. But all beliefs are stated in cause and effect terms if.

I were. What's your name again sir i'm sorry larry larry tell me something you believe larry something. I believe yeah it doesn't have to be complex god you believe in. God you always have to pick something hard like that.

But here's my point he gave me one half of the belief didn't he he believed in. God the effect because my experience ah he's had an experience. So by using because. I can elicit the other half of the belief you see that you see in.

America and most westernized countries we don't challenge other people's beliefs it's considered rude politically incorrect bad juju. But when we talk in cause and effect terms. I'll watch give me anything in this room that's pacable eigor something that's true in this room this picture behind you there's a picture behind me what's your name sir daryl daryl give me a lead makes it peaceful to sit here makes it peaceful to sit here that's. He's had some experience.

But this picture behind me makes it peaceful to sit here makes perfect sense no. It doesn't doesn't have to does it no. No. I.

I. I when. I when. I teach language patterns.

I deliberately. I deliberately a goat you into trying to fight me and b give you the most outrageous nonsensical examples. I can because. I need to stimulate within you cognitive dissonance i need to make.

I need to make them. So contradictory that you have to think about the language in a different way for instance most of you probably didn't realize that the color of the walls in this room influences your body weight because you know that all colors have a frequency right. Which means they're moving at a certain rate and that photons are moving and impacting our body at various rates of speed and the faster something goes the more rapidly the more momentum it picks up we all know that from science class don't we. So.

Therefore the simple fact that the color of this of this wall is yellow means our weight is different than if we were in a purple room what the did he just say think about what your brain is trying to do right. Now and it's actually starting to do it right. That's the scary part it's like it's like the detector goes off the minute the words start coming out and the longer you think about it. I could see that because it doesn't have to be logical it has to be plausible and if there are enough elements of truth in it click.

Fox. News fox. News yes. This is why this is why anchormen have such credibility even though we know they're full of because their whole 90% of what they do is just pace things on the screen they're telling you what you're seeing and.

Then every now and. Then they throw you a little bit of a a lead that spins how you think about it and your unconscious mind says "Okay. And as cause because simply sitting here listening to the sound of my voice automatically allows you to begin to understand the structure of cause and effect.". Because you understand the structure of cause and effect that means you're automatically becoming more artful at using it because now you understand how to use it strategically don't you of course yes.

So is the more you do this the more. No. That's a bind that's that's an extension of cause and effect that's a thought bind that's where if you do. X you automatically do.

Y that's that's multiple cause and effects strung together the cause and effect structure is any pace can cause any. Y i can take anything in this room and link it using cause and effect style languaging and make it be a causal factor for the emergence of something else simply sitting here listening to the sound of my voice causes you to begin to relax and even though you may not know how or why you're beginning to relax the sudden awareness of it is already creeping in haven't you noticed it yet it's like "Oh he got me again.". Right. Because once.

I start utilizing this kind of languaging your cognitive processing speed drops. But it drops in a pleasant way my languaging wasn't confusing to listen to it wasn't weird it. It's. It's.

I mean. I'm laying it on a little heavy just because. I want to kind of give you guys an experience of it. But simply understanding how to use cause and effect more precisely allows you to begin to target communications and create powerful statements in a way that go right.

Into people's brains as beliefs that create a profound sense of reality and truth through a process known as presupposition which is the linguistic equivalent of an assumption by the time you've become conscious of what. I've just said your nervous system has already done it. So it's already too late except to sit back and enjoy it now okay. All.

I'm doing is being very recursive with the cause and effect language pattern okay. I can link anything that is paceable to anything. I want you to do i'm out of trance. Derek he's gone he's like can you just keep talking now was that painful to listen to no.

Matter of fact it was pretty pleasant wasn't it absorbing exactly it creates absorption all good writing is written this way. But the cause and effect structure is the bone it's the skeleton of everything else that comes after it okay. You don't have to be vague you don't have to be confusing you just have to know what the effect of the pattern is it creates pseudo logic it creates causal relationships between any pace and anything you want them to do and it will do it in a way that will be accepted and come across as a belief okay. Um because is probably the most obvious example of that.

But simply understanding how to use cause and effect allows you to become more more precise and direct in your communication without sounding creepy vague or confusing and the more you recognize how rapidly that's true the more excited you'll become about wanting to use it see and you know. I'm doing it to you you know. I'm doing it to you right. No.

You don't she just bailed right. So uh let me give you some sample words in this category. Then we're going to move on i don't think we'll have time to actually sit there and write out some of the patterns. But um sorry almost none of it almost not not that's public access i got a lot of videos that are available that teach bits and pieces uh if you want to go deeper.

I have courses for sale are online as well as physical products um and if you guys want to know about that. I'll be happy to talk to you about it after the meetup or something like that. But. I want to.

I want to cram as much into your as. I can in the time that we have. But um uh yeah let me just make sure now the the patterns. I'm sharing with you are based on a concept or principle known as presupposition presupposition is the linguistic equivalent of assumption there are things that your nervous system must accept and act upon as if they're true just for the sentences to make sense now one of the cool things as a side effect of this um you guys all felt the the power of just the cause and effect language just going in and out of that that state can you remember my exact words welcome to spontaneous amnesia the effect of utilizing this kind of language is that you can't you get the message.

But you miss the verbiage. So you can literally repeat yourself over two or three times and they won't catch it. But it will fractionate and compound the suggestions in fact. I had a dating experience once where.

I found out this never do this i was running a a process of of deep connection with a person and at that time. I had only known about scripts. So. I kept.

I ran out of things to say. So. I said it again and. Then.

I ran out of more things to say. So. I said it again. Next day she moved out of her husband's house and was on my doorstep i don't recommend you do that just for practice the secret to being powerful with this stuff guys and gals is being playful the more playful you are with this material the more powerful it affects people okay.

Um. So and as cause because causes these are all very simple words they are a category of language your your job now once you understand the categories is to just go home and create lists lists of them like five to 10 in each of the categories and practice stringing them together in as many different ways as humanly possible. So that they just roll that's called word salad. But what weird thing happens is when you start doing these word salad exercises what comes out of your mouth is complete garble complete garble after about five minutes the starts actually making sense and the patterns and the phrasings start to become more realistic because the language centers in your brain start to pick up they start to wake up and you start to be able to formulate very complex phrasiology very very simply the hardest part is getting started does that make sense.

So could you demo that sure yeah guys are just dying for me to lose my voice sorry i understand. Laurel uh. I'm fine let me see if. I can find my list of words here real quick well.

I want to. Well when you do the word salad you want to have a you want to actually force yourself to to adhere to a list or a sequence of words it forces your it forces you to just uh tailor your language to the situation which is a little bit different than what most people are doing. But. I'll use it um.

I'll use the. I'll use the awareness presuppositions because that's really if there were like the the superpower superman pattern it would be the awareness language pattern. But it goes something like this the words in this pattern or in this uh category notice aware recognize understand comprehend that's good enough. So there's like five there right.

Realize realize yep realize is excellent i use that a lot recognize i got that one i got that one oh oh you do yeah what's the. Second one aware notice aware recognize understand comprehend realize. So as you begin to understand how to string words together in such a way that you can become aware of the effect that they're having you may begin to notice notice is another good one you may begin to notice that utilizing these language patterns in a way that's strategically useful allows you to comprehend deeper methods of utilizing them in a way that allows you to realize just how powerful they really are repeat that because as you begin to realize and comprehend the power of these language patterns you'll automatically begin to gain a deeper understanding of just how you can begin to become aware of the effect that they're having on you and as you notice that power seeping in you can begin to wonder where. I'm going to go with it.

Next aren't you aren't you get dizzy now. I do that deliberately the aren't you i do it deliberately to bring you out of trance and. I fractionate you from inside yourself to outside every time. I take.

I start to riff on these words you start to go inside you start to become more absorbed in your internal world the gateway is open when. I do things like what we call tag questions haven't you did you now it takes your awareness from where whatever process you're you're you're engaged in on the inside of your mind and snaps you back out which means everything that just went in can't be analyzed do it again i'll give it to you in a minute sounds like post suggestions of agreement like you agree this is the final solution right. Huh i just went into trance hold on okay. I mean now when you say aren't you you're basically giving them post suggestions aren't you is a it's it's technically called it's it's combination of two things it's a negation and a tag question negation is when we we we tell them not to do something because the unconscious mind has a hard time processing a negative.

But that's not really why. I use it i use it to snap your direction of attention from where it is to where. I want it to be because remember when. I start riffing on this hypnotic language your brain is lighting up like a.

Christmas tree and it's a good. Christmas tree right. But there will come a point where you'll start to realize that. I'm feeling way too good something weird is going on.

So before you reach that point. I want to bring you back out give you something else to think about and put you back in. So every time. I do the haven't you aren't you can't you.

I'm literally taking your awareness from inside your head back out and. Then back in and back out and back in and back out and the law of fractionation says if. I put you in trance and. Then.

I bring you out and. Then. I put you back in when you go in you go deeper don't you look. At her right.

That's influenced by intention. So as you begin to recognize how to use the power of your language more artfully and you comprehend the amazing power of the awareness presupposition you can also begin to come to the realization that it is probably by far the most unstoppable irresistible language pattern that exists because even if you know. I'm doing it you can't stop it and. I will prove it yet again without using negations which is the which is the poor man's way as you notice the sensation in your left ear you probably weren't aware of it until.

I talked to you about it as you become aware of the sensation in your left ear you also begin to recognize that there's a weird sensation in your right. Toe as you notice the sensation in your right. Toe that tingling you were you weren't aware of in your hair before starts to become more noticeable as you notice that and try to fight it you can recognize also that your mind is pretty much going to any state process or experience that follows an awareness presupposition and automatically begins to do it even if you know. I'm doing it don't you don't do you not right.

You don't need complex languaging you just need to understand the dynamics of a few of them anything that follows an awareness presupposition is presupposed your brain your consciousness your awareness will begin to initiate the state process or experience that follows it as you become aware of the unrelenting truth behind my words you can begin to notice how powerfully it's already being accepted. So that you can use it in a way that makes your life better because that's why you're here isn't it and the more you utilize these patterns to make your life better the more rapidly you'll want to come back for more. So. So they're always yes.

Yes. Answer questions you don't have to be. So if if people aren't doing the yeses isn't that short it's very hard not to say yes. To what.

I'm saying because why i'm not challenging you i'm not going again i'm. First of all remember everything. I'm doing is after. I've already discovered what you really want.

So as you link everything. I'm teaching here tonight to the real reason you came here today and you start to recognize how implementing these things in the right. Way in the right. Order and sequence gets you what you want more easily how much more excited will you be to learn the.

Next step look. At you you see that it's just understanding hey you all are here for a reason you didn't come to see. David as egotistical as. I am.

I know that. I did i fine you came here for very personal reasons you have things you want maybe for some of you that's idle curiosity maybe for some of you it's to help your clients more to be more organized right. Maybe it's to build your practice maybe it's because you want to. Finally make that leap into becoming a hypnotist right.

Maybe you want to close better deals faster and be more in control of the situation true or not true right. As you link your reason for being here to the things. I'm teaching you your unconscious mind is already processing connecting all the things you need to know and do to utilize these principles in a way that's right. For your system that gives you that ability to implement the critical path of influence what we started with the ability to control your state the ability to get deep rapport the ability to tap into the things that people most want and need on an emotional level and connect it using your language to what you want them to do in a way that they know that they're getting it that they can get emotionally excited about doing it while simultaneously eliminating resistance at its at its foundation as you think about the possibilities and realize it's only the beginning imagine what you'll know a week from now if you've just been implementing what you've learned tonight yes.

Sir have you tried using any of this in emails all the time have you been reading his emails all good writing has a structure by the way you look. At romance novels they're written in the seven must magnificent seven plus or minus two it seems to me. I mean like. Facebook.

I have 400 friends now fighting anymore arguments on. Facebook. You know um going on there i have no. Idea how that's relevant to tonight's discussion well it is the.

I thought it's for it's easier to argue uh instead of face to face you know language indirect to be is is what. I'm getting at is is that we're we're jumping to hostile language patterns all the time yeah most people do who try to use. NLP style language and suck at it they sucked at it because they don't understand the concept of softening you see. NLP style languaging which is basically.

Eriksonian derivative languaging okay. Is extraordinarily powerful almost too powerful remember. I said at the beginning of tonight's class that there were three sources of resistance plus one that plus one is called reactants malcolm can. I use you real quick i'm just going to push you around is that okay.

So. I don't want you to be compliant or overly resistive i just want you to do what comes naturally. So face me face me okay. So if.

I pull you see the resistance if. I push you see how he wants to kind of push back and kind of have that you right. I always like to get that you factor going that's reactants it's physical reactants i teach martial arts as well. So one of the things that we we look.

For is we try to sometimes we utilize that if we we we know somebody's going to be really uh fight going to be com combative or whatever we'll cause pain somewhere else to distract them and as they resist it we'll use that resistance to go in that direction we can do the same thing linguistically i use my martial arts many times as a direct analog for what we're doing conversationally what happens is when you use. NLP style languaging the way most people are taught it if you're doing it from an. Ericonian perspective you come across extremely confusing which has its uses except in most cases that are non- therapeutic confu confusing language will get you thrown out of a boardroom definitely get you thrown out of the bedroom you can laugh guys it's all right. Obviously you don't haven't tried it there okay.

Okay. But it works fine in therapy my my job is to make these these patterns cross-contextual to allow you the ability to go from the classroom to the boardroom to the bedroom to the treatment room whenever. So we have to change how we look. At things when you use an.

NLP style language it has a very powerful impact on your nervous system. But it's almost too jarring it's like me pushing him he feels that and even though he knows it's for his best and highest good there's an instinctive push back. So if you want to be very very good at. NLP style languaging and conversational hypnosis you have to preframe everything that comes out of your mouth no.

Thank you that was all. I needed no. No. Pain this time you haven't signed the waiver yet.

So in other words when. I was asking people about their uh their criteria and values like. Darren what's important to you is this. Darren or.

Daryl daryl darl what's important to you about why you came here tonight what did you want to come for i want to add to my proficiency add to your proficiency absolutely excellent and and how would you define that well. I know a lot of the basics and facts and things like that application is a challenge basics things and facts applications like that okay. Excellent i picked up a lot just in sitting here cool i mean it's been worth it excellent thank you thank you very much now. I'm going to do the exact same thing with.

Daryl. But this time what. I did there it was still very smooth okay. He's got some rapport with me he's.

I've demonstrated skill sets enough that. Okay. This guy's not full of right. Darl just.

So. I understand you better sorry just. So. I understand you better.

So. I can. I can better deliver okay. What you really came here for what was it about tonight that that really inspired you to come out that inspired me to come out well yeah what did you really want to get out of it tonight well what.

I wanted to get out of it was better proficiency better proficiency i want to be able to affect my people very deeply affect your people very deeply and you know what i totally agree the whole thing it's the whole reason we're here really is to affect people deeply either our absolutely either ourselves or other people. So just. So. I understand you better how do you know when you're affecting people deeply how do you know when you're you're having that effect on people feel it you feel it absolutely and there is a feeling when you affect people deeply isn't there what happened to him i wouldn't do it see how soft he got what happened to my languaging everything was just.

So. I can understand just. So. I can give you more i basically told him why.

I was about to ask him what. I was about to ask him when you do that now the power of the language pattern is softened. But not dissipated to use a very a very violent metaphor it's like going to the proctologologist who uses enough lubricant right. There's a visual.

I didn't need thank you. David you right. But the truth is is that the reason that a lot of. NLP style languaging doesn't work well isn't because it's it's structurally incorrect it's because it's too strong it's too blunt and it triggers that push back if.

I were to go up to to to. Malcolm and say "Malcolm what's important about why you came here tonight?". He's like "Fuck you.". First he has that daring the headlights look.

Then he gets and that's where the act reactness comes in and. Then because. I'm in a. I'm in a superior in a dominance position he starts to want to comply right.

True or not true true okay. How do. I know that because. I've been on both sides of it.

So the whole idea is when you begin to talk to people using your language patterns and even if you only get two tonight. But you understand what they do and how to use them tactically your language becomes exponentially more powerful if you connect it to their values and their emotions and how they know you're getting it and it doesn't matter if they're coming to you for physical problems if they're coming to you for behavioral problems if they're coming for you to be deeply affected and moved right. They want to pay with paper right. The whole point is is that the pattern is is works best when it's not felt directly you soften.

But you must understand what the power of the pattern is you just don't throw patterns in there to throw patterns in there okay. I've only taught you two i'm using a lot more on you. But. I've only taught you two.

But look. At the power of what you've learned in two language patterns right. It's what you do with what you have not how much you know that defines you less is more just go deep really deep yeah there's two ways to keep people stuck give them not enough information or way too much. So as you begin to allow the learnings of the night to seep into the places where they'll do the most good as you allow your unconscious mind to continue to process in all the ways that are appropriate for you that allow you to express these skills in a way that's vitally useful for you that rapidly gets you what you want in a way that you know that you're getting it tonight while you sleep and while you dream your unconscious mind is already hard at work making those changes creating new connections in your brain new perceptions and insights that you don't even realize you have yet.

But will very soon as you continue to go deeper into that process both consciously and unconsciously you'll begin to realize just how much you've learned tonight and it's still just the beginning isn't it get there you're already there you just haven't realized it yet i wrote it right. To the hard drive okay. The reason. I utilize hypnotic language both teaching you the structures consciously.

But modeling them unconsciously is. So that you have both sides of the equation you have the conscious understanding which gives you the ability to recall and comprehend what you're doing you have the unconscious installation which means the information is there and the instructions are there to operate the program and you have the mirror neuron input of my neurology impacting your neurology. So that everything. I'm doing both consciously and unconsciously is being mediated through your propriceptive nervous system and it's firing all the same neurological connections it can't not happen it's physiology.

So you've got the model you've got the theory you've got the program now it's just up to you to let it happen and that's a good thing isn't it nlp power.com that's one of them and there you can find links to all my other websites i've got too many of them. Anyway what'd you learn tonight nothing no. Just nothing uh. I failed yet again uh.

I wasn't trans well what. I got from this today is um the definition of the visual canesthetic auditory because. I was always confused about that and it totally made sense the way you put it down it just. I know be able to use it i don't know how.

But. I will you're already using it right. The thing is. I make a joke i'm a certified trainer under.

Dr richard. Banler for. Society of. NLP and.

I often make a joke i'm often critical of. NLP i love. NLP it's changed my life in ways. I can only begin to describe.

But. I often make the joke to error as human to really complicate things you need a neural linguistic programmer okay. It's the bias of the training it's it's excellent training it's just there are certain things that get installed along with it that make it a little make people a little bit intimidated to use it okay. So we get you the principles we give you the minimum amount of information.

So that you can start being functional once you're functional. Then we add the bells and whistles what'd you learn tonight i like this uh state state control. So. I think it's very very powerful and also this cause and effect yes.

Cause and effect is huge huge. So that's where my. That's good you happy with that very happy all right. Eager what'd you get.

So um. I learned a lot uh. I learned the way how you use your language and. I was like looking outside what you say how you say it and.

Then it gives u. So you control with your language you basically do want can do everything you want with your language you can put people back when you start to talk about something my brain starts to show me pictures and. I. I.

I it starts to work and imagine pictures. But. Then you use questions to take me out and. Then you give me new pictures.

So you basically can control and it's really good. So. I can see how. I can use it in my you can already see how you can use.

So. I. I've been doing couple similar things. But.

I didn't know the meaning behind them i was just saying them and it worked. But when you have meaning and understanding. I think can be more powerful and absolutely thanks a lot you pleasure i've been feeling it give him a big round of applause he came a long way real quick big. John language stuff cool awareness i like the awareness one awareness is cool awareness is cool oh talking about the alphabet i learned from a awareness to.

B a. K uhu i learned that you know who. Dave. Elman is probably i learned.

I think the more you think about it the more you know that. I've learned wasn't that right. I could be mistaken you could be. But.

Then again you might not be and and that you're a parapotic pig i mean what what would you say about. Tantalus i mean if we're going to use illusions to mythology well that he was a version of. Tantalus okay. Well.

I. I like paretic mainly. But. Tantalus was very.

I'm very impressed with that and you should be too oh thank you okay. You sir the algorithm algorithm excellent excellent um uh the the word preconcious like really like light up a bulb in my head and and uh and uh and the thing the conscious mind is. Last to know that's like wow yeah that's neuroscience by the way that's neuroscience yeah those were like. I think like very in fact in some in some studies on like selfdeception and stuff like that the words that that came out of a person's mouth didn't actually register in their brain certain parts of their brain until like two seconds after they said it it's very strange the the actual process we do neurologically is.

First we believe. Then we rational we analyze and judge we decide and we defend the decision. So anything that comes in the. First thing that happens is your unconscious mind accepts it uncritically if you just stop the process there they never get to the analytical part and it just goes in okay.

What'd you learn um. I learned that. Hypnosis is. So much more and.

So much easier than. I previously thought it was isn't it cool i think. I've probably been doing it accidentally we all have we all. You're all hypnotist you just didn't know it i also learned that the get really cold at night i learned a long time ago that when you're in lecture rooms women always complain it's too cold guys just like fine yep laurel what you learn actually.

I was in a room with 600 people and somebody complained it was too cold and. So the presenter said "In any given room a. Third of the people are too cold a. Third are too warm and a.

Third are just fine.". So he asked for a show of hands and that was the exact distribution very cool. So what'd you learn that what'd you get out of. Well.

I really liked um you know the reinforcement of the techniques that you demoed with the framing and doing the ball thing. So you know for a while anything that's um you know uh that involves using physical stuff like that. I have to see it a few times it's not a matter of practicing it i actually have to see somebody do it before. I really.

So that got uh sank in and. I learned a bunch of um you know of my own trans words to use for self self hypnosis excellent and to link you know everything to feeling good if you just link everything you talk to people about to feeling good they'll find their own good feelings and they'll move towards it because. I know when. I'm feeling good people around me feel good.

So starts with you that's what. I want to emanate excellent i got a lot of valuable tools cool i have a quick question when she says. I need to see is that kinesthetic because this is how. I learn i need someone it could be v pure visual or it could be a.

VK synesthesia because need is a field to drive right. So remember remember something nobody is a visual nobody is akinesesthetic nobody is in auditory the cortexes in your brain the visual auditory kinesesthetic cortexes overlap by as much as 40% as much as 40%. So neurologically you're not a visual you just have a preference okay. You use all of them and if you really want to be compelling when you speak you use all the modalities in your speech when you describe things okay.

That's that that's another way of of creating very powerful trans effects in people without resorting to hypnotic language patterns yeah eliciting the values knowing what they want discovering about them before attempted going yeah the more you know about a when. I teach covert hypnosis there's three eyes. To what. I teach influence or identity sorry intelligence and influence identity is who you are and what you bring to the interaction your beliefs your capacities physical mental whatever intelligence is the amount of information that you can gather about your subject context or environment context and environment are the most powerful trans operators there are okay.

If you can engineer context and environment you control anything else that's sub to it or within it okay. Very very powerful. But most people overlook. It they negate it they they just they try to get all these tools of influence which is the.

Third eye the techniques of influence that you bring to the interaction just where you sit at a conference table will determine how much influence you have over the people in it if. I sit in the center of a conference table. I'm not nearly as powerful as the person sitting at the end of it it's called the mommy and daddy position okay. It's proxmic influence has nothing to do with.

NLP. But everything to do with your nervous system that's why it was. So hard for the. Paris socks at the end of the war they spent a lot of time figuring out what table to use y yeah round table i mean they could have gone back to literature anything else no.

Laurel. I have a question how intelligence um is related to context and environment intelligence is not intelligence in terms of. IQ it's in terms information like when we gather intelligence okay. The more we know here's the saying here's the axiom in the world according to.

David again if what. I work if. I what. I've given you guys tonight is useful for you go out and use it if it doesn't feel free to chuck it if you had a great time at this meetup please post good things if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's meetup i'm gonna adopt that okay.

And and tell people because the whole idea is to have fun i like. I. I started these meetups i never started with the intention of doing classes or creating products or whatever i did this because. I like to do cool things with cool people who like to do cool stuff are you cool people do you like to do cool stuff.

Then. I'm in the right. Place everything else the mentoring program. I run the products.

I created everything came out of that it was. It just came from a desire to want to hang with people who do the things that. I do i used to drive two hours to. Yeah she used to come to.

Mission. Viejo to hang out with us yeah you know she remembers a. Sleepwalker. Day some most of you don't are too young to remember that.

But uh. But yeah we. I mean that's how it started it started about just a bunch of guys and gals getting together to practice cool stuff and get better didn't matter who certified you if you were certified whether you've been in the business 20 minutes or 20 years you came to our sleepwalker meetings or hypnosis network meetings you rolled up your sleeves had a good attitude did the drills you left with the skills that's all it's ever really been about everything else came out of the need to service the community people kept saying "When are you going to do a class when are you going to do a certification?". I said "I don't do that when are you going to do a class when are you going to do.

I don't do that.". Two years. Later. I'm doing it because they won't leave me alone you know.

But that wasn't how. I started my my whole job was to make people competent that was my goal to that to give you the skills that was it and she she'll tell you every organization on the planet wanted to fish in our pond all right. Lovely people talented i'm still friend with everyone matter of fact if you if you can get to. Vegas in.

July or. June. Hypno. Thoughts live probably the best place you can go right.

Now for no. Holdsbard fullsp spectrum hypnosis you know whatever your application thoughts hypnos live it's the. Second annual hypnosis convention that they've run hypno. Thoughts.com is the world's largest online hypnosis social comm community community highly recommend it start my good friend.

Scott. Sandler who was one of the founding members of the. LA. Sleepwalkers by the way in case you didn't know that um.

Cristian what'd you get out tonight most of all just have fun with it have fun with it yeah cool darl it expanded my horizons a lot nice on multiple levels it really did and. I mean like. I said. I.

I think. I'm one of these guys who suffer from information overload most of us do i read constantly always looking for a new and things like that. But. Then you have all this stuff in your head it's like okay.

How do. I arrange it in a sequence that matters and tonight. I found sequences excellent give him a big round of applause that's big it's what. I call it the championship model you know everybody here has seen box a boxing match right.

Whether you like boxing or not you've seen it right. And you see punches flying everywhere you re. You realize that a boxer only knows five punches boxers only have five punches they have a jab a cross an uppercut a hook. And an overhand.

But they can hit you in any combination from any angle in any sequence with those five techniques well you've got seven language patterns that you've started to learn if you just master them and practice them and understand them and use them in any combination you can hit anybody with. So many lefts that they're begging for a right. Begging for a right. Elvis had too.

So. AC/DC has. Malcolm what'd you get out of tonight well. I would echo many of the other things that people said learning the sequence of things getting a better understanding of the of the concepts filling in some gaps and.

I hadn't really noticed that the room was cold and you still haven't till now excellent well. I want to thank you all for coming out i hope you had a good time we'll see you. Next month very good. So is it once a month once a month for now as things grow we'll see about doing more it's all based on what you guys want what you guys do okay.

Thanks a lot congratulations great job thank you i've been to different like seminars like that uh people trying to do meetups therapist here are you. I was tired there and thank you the table yeah it's going to go far sure oh thank you thank you.
