Title: rjDJDBoXKTY.txt
Video Id: rjDJDBoXKTY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjDJDBoXKTY

Next pressure point we're going to work actually we're going to do something a little bit different i'm going to teach you finishing points finishing points if you look. At and i'm going to give you guys a homework assignment if you go to youtube and you pull up mma fights you look. At what all the ones that ended in a knockout i want you to look. At where these guys are getting hit that's knocking them out when you look.

At them you're going to find out that there's basically five spots on the head that result in most of the knockouts the. First one will be if you look. At the at the at the jaw line the hinge of the jaw here to the tip is where we're going to focus for you guys on this side the hinge of the jaw here to the tip is where we're going to focus okay. First one i'll show this to the camera in a minute.

But everybody take find the hinge of your jaw that's the. First one. But we're going to start from actually from the point closest to us and work back. So from here i'm going to trace the jaw until i feel a little notch in the underside of my jaw yours is right.

Here you got a good one oh yeah all right. A little notch okay. That notch is the mental nerve it's the mandibular foramen you got a good one okay. To activate that's actually two points for the price of one okay.

The point has to be struck let me find yours here if i'm coming from underneath it it has to be up and in 45 degrees towards the opposite quadrant of the head. So in other words i have to draw an arrow that way because i come up i get a little buzz right. They do that a lot okay. So as i come up and i got to give it a little bit of a smear up and in this way if i'm coming down on it up and in through the spine to the opposite quadrant.

So for you guys on this side it comes up i'm not going to do it on both sides thank you i come up and in i smear it. So i smear the energy up and over the head and through the head if i'm coming down like a hammer fist strike or an overhand this way those of you guys are in my systemic class you'll see a lot of these hits coming in those are not nice hits okay. I need to come down and in 45 degrees down and in 45 degrees towards the spine okay. So a lot of you guys do moves in forms like this that's where that goes down and in that way you fit that little knuckle right.

In here okay. Now i'm teaching you these because you don't actually most when most people teach pressure point work in kyushu jitsu they try to set it up they teach you to hit an arm point. First and. Then we try to get to the head because if we do this right.

The body will be where it needs to be to be hit we'll get to that. But if we spend all our time on on setups we'll never get to finishes the beautiful thing about finishing points is they will work without a setup you just got to hit them hard right. So in combat you know where to go when you're training you're doing your brush traps and you know where to place that fist make sense even if all i did was just trap this in and come in on this that's going to give them a significant buzz okay. So we're going to start with the end.

First where are we going to hit them to make them go nightmare. So this is stomach five on the acupuncture charts it's the mental nerve you have two for the price of one if you're coming up up and in smear a little bit of a smear a lot of times if you don't do the smear it doesn't work don't know why just the way god designed the system up and in 45 degrees okay. Down and in down and in 45 degrees okay. So here's how you're going to play with this there's a training algorithm we use to keep it safe.

But to teach you how to strike through points without necessarily activating them. But giving you the right. Kind of feedback for combat it's called push or place press and push. So what's going to happen is he's going to we're going to start off with his hand out in the training position we're going to practice brush check place the hand on the point push through it okay.

That's all i'm going to do one two place the hand at the right. Angle and direction remember something pressure points need three things to activate them they need the right. Angle and direction they need the right. Stimulation and they need the right.

Combination okay. If you hit a pressure if you're doing advanced q show if you're not hitting in the right. Sequence you're not going to get the same effect okay. But if i just come in here and i do that just touching that hand pretty much anywhere gives me the right.

Right. Relationship okay. That's the beauty of this movement that automatically creates the right. Relationship because i'm working on energetics of the arm not necessarily the actual points.

So here's what i want to do i want to place it make sure i got that little knuckle in that little hole okay. Press on it that's all we're going to do this point requires hitting it's not pleasant to get pushed on. But it requires hitting to activate it. So you have much less chance of injuring somebody while getting the same feedback many times when we hit things we're used to pulling the punch we're used to not penetrating through there's a lot of things that we don't we're not used to moving a load when we punch or push this teaches us how to move through the point move body weight deform structure if you're struck if your punch isn't at the very least affecting his structure and movement you're not punching effectively if you punch and it bounces off that's pointless when you when you punch it should move him it should affect his structure in some way does that make sense because if you take his structure he can't launch a counter attack whether he goes out or not if you take the platform he uses to fight back and you make it weak and unstable nothing he does is going to be good plus it makes the pressure points work better does that make sense.

So when we do this this is the relationship that we want and i press through he can fight back if he wants to it just sucks for him because he creates tension and tension stretches the nerve and just like guitar string when you have a tight tight guitar string you have a good note well the tighter he makes it the worse it hurt the worse it hurts that make sense go play i'll come around.
