Title: 8RkvREeLrVc.txt
Video Id: 8RkvREeLrVc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RkvREeLrVc

All right. Now let's talk about one of my favorite techniques for getting rid of garbage okay. We call this the gry room the gry room is a very very simple technique you have stored in your body both consciously and unconsciously stuff that's a technical term. I won't give you the definition yet because.

I haven't thought of a really cool one. But your body is a repository for stored emotions those emotions usually take the form of some kind of tension either in the muscle the fascia the acupuncture meridians or the combination thereof sometimes even in the organs over time if you if you keep repeating the same patterns you'll start to build up a physical. Mass there or a a a very strong tension. Point anybody anybody here do body work okay.

If you've ever done any kind of body work you know the minute you hit one of these spots all kinds of things come out they start crying they start laughing they start doing all kinds of weird emotional things that from a cause or effect perspective shouldn't be there until you take into account that the body is just one big repository of stored emotion okay. That's what we do because that's what we nobody taught us how to really deal with it all right. The. Dynamics of your unconscious mind are such that the conscious mind you have an experience and usually the unconscious mind the body deals with it right.

There that's how we were that's how. Evolution programmed us to respond to things. But. Society forced us to evolve in ways our body wasn't ready to handle yet.

So we evolved this thing called the critical factor or the conscious mind this is the part of us that says don't think about that now think about this that part evolved. So that if we had two competing problems we focused on the more immediate one and put the other one aside like if you were busy arguing at your child for doing something bad back when you were a caveman and the. Tyrannosaurus. Rex comes.

Running. Out of the. Woods you weren't focused on on on on disciplining your child while the. Tyrannosaurus.

Rex came up and ate you that's the. Primitive mechanism unfortunately when our society evolved it turned into something a little bit different how many people here have ever had company coming over in the house is a mess right. Now. I expect a different answer from the men in this.

Next question that. I do from the women. But. I'm going to go for it.

Anyway when the person of importance was coming over how many things got herly stuffed under the mattress in the closet uh any place where they just were out of sight raise your hands right. And. Then they forgot about them anybody who's ever had a science experiment growing in the refrigerator know what. I'm talking about right.

Where does that behavior come from it comes from that. Primal mechanism you see your unconscious mind does things exactly the same way for your emotional experiences if for some reason you cannot deal with the emotional issue right. Then and there it takes that experience it shutts it off into a little holding area usually in one of the meridians the fascial body or the. Deep unconscious and it keeps it there until such a time as you have the opportunity to process it right.

Now. I'm going to prove this to you dramatically how many people here have ever driven a car. Yay good. I'm getting there.

So every now there always someone in the. Crowd. Goes no. Not me right.

Now maybe you're driving along it's a bright. Sunny day you're off from work favorite song's playing on the radio all of a sudden a shitty memory from when you were seven comes up yes. Should once again it's a technical term right. What's that about what's that about it's because your unconscious mind is sitting there here going he's not doing anything right.

Now maybe we can. Finally handle this. But what do we do what do we do when that memory comes up we say no. I don't want to think about that back down under the.

CL into the closet right. Well that's how. Cancers get formed that's how tumors get formed that's how pretty much most illnesses we suffer from start yes. Diet plays a role lifestyle plays a role usually it's repressed emotion that's the trigger that creates the pattern okay.

There is a pattern here. Tiger tyranosaurus. Rex yelling at the child stuffing stuff in the closet falls out. Later emotional baggage don't deal with it right.

Now stuff it down it's a meta pattern these are the things that create the directions in our life. But they do it outside of your conscious awareness it will systematically your unconscious mind will systematically force you you literally it doesn't need your permission to do this it will systematically force you to focus only on the things that reinforce your current view of reality and the only way to make those changes is usually through some form of intense repetition plus effort or emotional intensity in hypnotic jargon we call that a significant emotional event it's usually traumatic or religious what. I won't go there. But the truth of the matter is that's that's something that we need to understand because it's a pattern that all human beings have and if you don't understand it you can't manage it doesn't mean it won't manage you right.

That's where the gry room comes in thought. I was going to forget about this didn't you the gray room is what we call a blind alchemical process what that means is using a construct that we create in our mind and in our bodies because we have to engage the mind and the body to do this process properly we take it into a construct that has a very simple metaphor pieces on the wall represent positive experiences other color pieces on the wall represent less than positive experiences by physically acting out the process of removing them and feeling our body's shifting emotional states we can begin to release emotional charges that we've been holding on to that we didn't even know we had we don't even have to know what they are that's why we start with this anybody here ever wash dishes okay. Anybody you ever do any like heavy duty baking like making onion soup or something like that when that when that stuff comes out of the oven is that cheese come right. Off no.

Right. You got to soak that sucker right. Well that's what we're doing here when we start doing techniques like gry room there's another one we call universal solvent what we do is we apply a. Global negativity clearing exercise to the mind and body that allows it to systematically remove less than positive stuff after we're done with that process anything that's left requires more specific attention after you after you rinse out the pot after you soaked there's usually some tough spots left aren't there that's where we go.

Next and we go into what we call specific negativity clearing okay. Okay. So who would like to feel good come here e you don't want to come up there's a lady in the back who's salv to come up. I'll make her do it.

God. I'm to be happy to feel good you want feel good okay. This is the lovely a okay. So.

I'm going to do this in a very civilian kind of way what does that mean. I'm not going to ask you to go deeply into trans. But. I am going to ask you to pretend to go deep deeply into trans deeper than you've ever gone if you if we break up to do this exercise that's all.

I want you to do have your subject your client pretend to go into trance if you're doing this by yourself pretend to go into the deepest most powerful trance you've ever been in and really feel it okay. The secret to this. But how many people have ever been hypnotized raise your hand that you know of okay. I guarantee you've all been hypnotized numerous times that you didn't know of okay.

Let's talk about hypnosis and trance real quick there's only two things you need to understand we don't care about hypnosis because hypnosis is only a process to get into a. Trans. State. But anybody here ever watch a movie did you like the movie when you went to.

I thought about a movie you really enjoyed when you went into that movie theater and you sat down and the lights came down and the movie started at what moment moment did you realize you were completely absorbed in that experience exactly if you could tell me at what moment you became completely absorbed in the experience you weren't in trance you weren't absorbed right. How many people here were ever children duh dude what's up with that anybody here ever played pretend when you were a kid right. Like maybe you played. Soldier or maybe you played you you the.

Queen of. England or. France or. Belgium or whatever it was yes.

You had little teacups and maybe your little stuffed animal was across the table from you and. First 5 minutes you knew the stuffed animal was a stuffed animal. But 5 minutes. Later you're having a full-blown conversation with whoever that is right.

Were you asleep no. Were you aware of everything that was going on were you immensely focused congratulations you're in trance that's all you need to the degree that you're willing to become absolutely absorbed in the experience and give yourself permission to play. You can have anything you want to the degree that you're not willing allowing yourself to do that you will hold yourself back do you need to know all these miraculous hypnotic inductions no. You just need to understand two things absorption in the experience narrowing focus of attention just pay.

P attention to what the hell you're doing and enjoy the process. So just real quick if. I want you to think about something. I this is a different technique we'll if we have time we'll get into this one.

Later. But. I want. I want to show you just one of the other things that we can do to create absorption one of the things we want to do when we we do these kind of techniques is we want to link the mind and the body a lot of.

NLP style interventions neural linguistic program they spend a lot of time on on visual constructs of manipulating where these images are in space and size and shape. But what happens a lot of times is because the person is focusing on the imagery their mind is engaged. But their body isn't and and if we like. I said before if we want to engage every the full range of our our our resources we must.

Engage. The. Body and if we can calibrate change in the body everything else must change okay. So the.

First thing we do is. I want you to think of something that um is a little. Annoying maybe or or maybe something you you don't something you don't like okay. Good now what.

I want you to do is. I want you if you could imagine it somewhere out in front of you. I want you to just. Reach.

Out. And. Touch it good as you touch it. I want you to notice where in your body you feel that feeling that good right.

Now here's what. I want you to do. I want you to look. At that place where you feel that feeling.

I want you as you look. Inside. I want you to notice there's a color associated with that feeling black good. I want you to reach in and take all of that energy out hold it in both of your hands and look.

At it make sure all of it's in your hands just dig it out just get it all out excellent perfect hold it in your hands and look. At it now let me ask you a question did it change color or stay the same it's the same good is it moving in a certain direction yeah it's p good here's what. I want you. I want you to take it in both your hands.

I want you to turn it with both your hands. So it's the opposite of what it was good how. I want you to do. I want you to double the spin triple it make it.

Unstoppable. I'm going to take off that's right. Keep going faster faster until you know it's. Unstoppable till you know it's perfectly the exact opposite of what's when you know you've got it slam it back in and notice what happens that looking.

I'll try to feel bad did you say something how good is that it's good she look. Stoned or what all right. Okay. I'm try serious this is a process we call neurosomatic energetic patterning wow this is really nice.

So you don't look. At it before you put it in your hand you can if you want to. But it doesn't matter does the process is is is is it's a bullet point process which means you don't have to get hypers specific about it now did. I at any time ask her what it was.

I don't need to know which preserves your privacy when you do this okay. This is a specific negativity clearing exercise size. But it's designed to integrate what's going on up here with where it's stored in the body it also does something that pretty much no. Other technique that.

I that that's out there really does it magnifies absorption in the experience because not only do you have the subjective channels in her mind being activated you have her physically taking actions in the external environment. So all of her resources do this and everything becomes focused and absorbed and even if if she didn't believe what was going on at. First by the time she hits the. Second or.

Third spin she has no. Choice okay. You do not need to believe this stuff will work that's what's cool about it you just have to follow the instructions okay. I spend a lot of time trying to idiot proof these techniques because nobody will screw you up faster than your clients right.

So this is a very you guys want to play with this one okay. We have a couple of um a couple of my graduates are in here raise your hands if you've graduated from my program okay. You've done this technique before right. I know you have.

But ran you had okay. So here's what we're going to do um let's break up let's have. Tara and. Ryan and.

James you're going to take little groups and you're going to guide them through this exercise just real quick. Then we're going to come back we're going to do the gray room that be okay. All right. Just go to the sure it's very simple think of some and it doesn't have to we'll talk about bucket listing in a minute cuz here's the thing here's here one of the ways your clients will screw you up or we'll screw ourselves up when it comes to self how many people are into self-help we buy books we have a problem we buy a book.

We has a cool technique in it and. Then we try to use it and it doesn't work right. Never happened any of you guys right. It always works here's why that we have problems with that and why.

I think why there's some processes that we teach that. I think are useful for this the process. I'm going to teach you is called bucket listing. But the reason.

I had to create that was because the only time we take action on something is when it's intoler which means by definition it is the nastiest evilest most foul thing in our universe and we must get rid of it right. And. So we go and we buy a book. Or we buy a technique right.

And we take this technique that we have no. History of success with we try to follow the instructions work on the nastiest thing that's taking up our resources and still be absorbed in the experience and. Then wonder why it doesn't work right. That's what we do we buy a book.

We buy a tape that's for for some kind of emotional thing or whatever we have all this emotional stuff that we're trying to fight through in order to deal with and follow the instructions on the technique what if we flip that around what if we take the te a technique that we have. So much success with that it's like we falling out of bed and. Then apply it to things that are ridiculously easy and. Then just keep getting better as we get more and more levels of success with it what do you think would happen by the time you reach all that nasty say it doesn't matter okay.

So here's the thing. I want you to focus on when you do this exercise this particular exercise that you're going to be going through with with our group leaders you can make it what you want for this point. But as we get into like the gray room or beyond the gray room we start getting into like dealing with fears or dealing with um other issues take take the most intense level of experience that's less than positive that becomes your 10 on a 0 to 10 scale cut it in half that becomes your five cut it in half there's your 2.5 and. Then a zero when we begin doing any new technique whether it's something you learn from me or something you learned somewhere else take this principle of bucket listing find things that are similar or in the same family as the big thing you want to deal with.

But have an emotional intensity of zero to one take the technique you're learning and use it on the little thing and keep using it on the little thing until it's ridiculously easy and. Then go up to a level two until it's ridiculously easy and. Then a level three until it's ridiculously easy and. Then a level four and you'll notice something that by the time you hit four or five sometimes even sooner depending on how quick a study you are the process starts to automate and what happens when we do this is that the process your unconscious mind goes through whenever it encounters something is it immediately looks at the situation and it looks for situations in your past where it's dealt with a similar thing and.

Then it cross references what did we do the. Last time now here's a roote. Awakening for most people your mind does not sort the way you think it does it sorts for what is familiar not for what works and what doesn't as a rule because a lot of times the way your unconscious mind comes up with ways to deal with stuff is works in the short term. But in terms of long-term growth it's really bad.

I. I. I deal in my in my practice. I deal with a lot of very personal issues with people a lot of it deals with sexuality and molestation and a lot of it has has to do with weight gain that comes on as a result of it weight gain that's more than 20 lbs is almost never because of what you're eating it's never because of your lifestyle it's body armor and.

I don't care if you're male or female okay. And that. I'm using that example for a very simple reason person is the object of some unwanted sexual attention they assume it's because they were attractive in some way the unconscious mind which is deeply as intelligent as you are. But not rational it's deeply emotional it says well this happened because.

I was attractive if. I'm not attractive this problem won't happen to me anymore and. So you pack on the weight and you're right. You know what it works to a certain degree.

But what are the ramifications of that decision right. You don't like yourself very much either after that after a certain amount of time if you like yourself at all you know from that event. So one of the things we need to understand is your unconscious mind is always looking to make things familiar if it has to choose between something that is potentially threatening and could lead to a positive outcome or something that is familiar that you've done many times before. But has some pain associated with it it'll usually default to the one that's familiar we need to understand this.

I could get. I could spend hours in my hypnosis classes we we talk a lot about this. But. I want you to understand it.

So you can make practical use of it your unconscious mind sorts for what's familiar when we use this bucket listing process we're creating a history of success at the unconscious level. So that the minute your unconscious mind runs across a problem that you're seeking to solve it immediately looks back to something similar it looks at what you did and what worked what got you out of the situation and it sees that technique and. So it says oh we'll do that and it does it again and it works and it gets reinforced. So what you get is the same process.

But now we're using it in a way that generates the ability to change to generalize does that make sense guys weren weren't planning on getting this level of depth were you all right. I told you. I'm going to give you something you can use now it sounds really complex all it really is is where is it reach out and touch it where do you feel it look. At it right.

Look. At it with your inner eyes. Notice that there's a color associated with that feeling what's the color and. I usually ask sometimes.

I'll say are you sure. I go okay. Yeah okay. We take it out and look.

At it and make sure right. Notice what directions it's spinning did the color change or stay the same doesn't matter what they answer doesn't matter what the answer fact that they answered it is enough now take it in both of your hands and turn it around. So it's spinning the opposite of what it was right. Now double the spin triple the spin until it's.

Unstoppable until you know it's. Unstoppable and when you know you've got it and only when you know you've got it slam it back in and notice the difference there's a whole lot going on there. But you don't need to know it you just need to follow the instructions now here's the secret to the degree that you have absorption and the less you try to analyze the technique you will have success with this. I promise you it can't not happen you're all wired the same way it's based on your physiology and your neurology has nothing to do with what you believe just got to follow the instructions.

So that being said let's take five minutes come back get into your groups we'll do this exercise we'll come back and we'll start taking out more trash and program and more good stuff go thank you a round of applause for a anybody's too hot let me know.
