Title: rLCZmtShDB8.txt
Video Id: rLCZmtShDB8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLCZmtShDB8

All right. So. I told you guys yesterday that. I would talk about um.

SE the six levels of dress now a lot of the information that that. I'm going to share with you came from a woman named. Taylor. Sinclair she's uh she was a s student of.

Susan bkill who uh was also the instructor of the woman who created the. Color. Me. Beautiful system.

But this is not from the. Color. Me. Beautiful system.

Taylor's a brilant brilliant fashion consultant uh image consultant um and she's developed some very very powerful fashion-based. Technologies. So. I want to give her credit even though.

I'm going to. I'm not going to give you her system verbatim because it is a trademark copywritten system uh. I want to compare and contrast and give you some ideas remember that when we talk about the four pillars of hypnotic influence uh when we talk about covert hypnosis in general you you can divide the things you do into passive and active what. I mean is.

I don't have to turn them on. I don't have to turn them off. I don't have to decide to use them they're just always on right. Uh your your clothing statements the clothes you wear are one of those things now you do have to choose your clothing obviously.

But once you're wearing them it's done you can set it and you can forget it the clothes that you wear will set the frame wherever you go you understand that the clothes that you wear will set the frame in the world of covert hypnosis frames rule frames rule you can have all the cool. Linguistics in the world you can have all the um knowledge and. NLP certifications and you may have the best product on the planet you go into a prese presentation and you lose the frame you're done okay. You will lose access to your skills you will lose access to your abilities because your reality crumpled all right.

One of the most and the the power to hold a frame is once again analogous to the intensity of the feelings in your body. So once again we're coming right. Back to the most. Primal fundamental element feelings feelings are the foundation in my world other people will argue that.

I don't care if you can do with your system what. I can do with mine as fast as. I do it go for it. I'm extremely competitive in that regard and.

I'm not bashful about it. I'm extraordinar competitive in general because my goal is to be the best and. I want my students to be the best too. So kick in your asses in gear right.

All right. So let's talk about social status social status is that unique combination of attractivity and. Authority right. Henry.

Kissinger once said powers is the ultimate aphrodesiac right. Not the best looking man in the world right. Okay. So at the most uh.

Primal fundamental level this is uh basic um surface fabrication determines the level mixing levels appropriately can provoke a desired response avoid loose earrings in in business with men women are perceived as flirtatious bare arms and low neck lines are perceived as fetching any movement or sound from the apparel equals c casual or flirtatious. So in other words when you're wearing something that has a lot of rustling to it it makes you it makes you appear or sound more casual. So things streamlined right. Um.

So we'll start with the very top level and work down okay. So the. First level is what we call uh evening wear is this anywhere in our. B no.

It is not because. I didn't have this when. I wrote the book. Okay.

This is actually relatively probably in the. Last six years that. I've. I've actually acquired this and field tested the technology and if you and some of you have actually done the illuminent raise your hands if you've done the luminesence are you actually doing wearing the she picked up the shirt for me yeah.

So yeah uh. Taylor. Taylor's uh technology is like bringing a gun to a knife fight it's it's that unfair yeah right. Um and yes.

You will wind up wearing clothes that you would never pick it was very traumatizing it is it's extremely emot it's. I had to get out. I had to get rid of like 10 years of acquired stuff it was very very traumatic. I'm still in therapy.

But uh we talk about the highest level of social status okay. We're talking about evening wear. Formal. Wear tuxedos evening gowns prom level wedding level stuff anytime you put on a tux you automatically go to the top of the charts regardless of the context you're in now it will look.

Dramatically out of place at a rave right. But. But the status will actually emanate that's why uh it's. John right.

Or. Jim. Chris. I'm.

Jimmy or. Jimmy yeah. Jimmy that's. John you got have two ores in here that was kind of weird.

I don't know if you guys knew that yeah that was what screwed me up for a while. I was looking at you guys' names on the. PayPal list like or here and or. I'm like did he sign up twice right.

But if you look. At just just to juxtapose the or the or twins right. Right. This is extraordinarily casual this would be lower status than him- yeah.

So again even though even though we're in the same room for the same reason if if both of these gentlemen got up to speak who would we pay more attention to who would we give more credibility to even though we know he's just as smart as him right. That's right. Right. So tuxedo evening wear this is the top of the pecking order right.

Has to look. Expensive dramatic shows. Authority. Black.

Tie formal. I mean very formal okay. You go to. Executive.

So you go from evening to. Executive this is this is just below that looks expensive it's a very busyed very intelligent refined means business shows. Authority. Black.

Tie optional three-piece suit okay. Think for those of you for ladies who are looking for an archetype for this thank. Hillary she's always wearing a a jumpsuit or a a something that that mimics a business suit right. This is what we're talking about now it doesn't mean you can't wear a nice dress.

But it has to be you know a conservative hemline it can't have these plunging necklines it can't be your cups can't be running running over you know um be very and actually in your books there's actually a. SE a segment on attractivity we'll talk about jewelry we'll talk about some of the more feminine things. But. I want to give you the overall this person which person.

Taylor. Taylor. Sinclair okay. So this is the top level anybody who's going to be out there dealing with people should probably jump on it right.

Below that let me see here yeah. So the the qualities we get here are are business refined sturdy right. Um within that also we have what we call she calls daytime and again this is very cryptic and very hard to read. Because.

You see. I've kind of pieced it together oh thank you you got it okay. Um now. Taylor had a hard time with me and my group because she caters to 99% women and.

I brought her an entire group of men. So had to tweak everything no. She doesn't [Laughter] okay. Oh my gosh um.

So what we're seeing here is control. Power blah money um this is has more control. Power less money right. So we're going from we're actually going from um the evening to the executive to the business level which is in here once again now this may this could have a threepiece suit level this might not have a have a vest to it.

But you'll have the tie. So this would be business level right. Executive would have the the uh the three piece or the yeah. Then from here you're going to go to business casual now this might be you know the guy who's wearing jeans and and a blazer right.

Might be a polo shirt. But it's still very nice. But it's it's obviously far more casual right. You're going to have man this is decreasing levels of social status right.

Um it's a it's a much more relaxed look. You're put together you're somewhat refined the. Fabrics tend to be knits rayons. Linens with matching finishes um um look.

Separate and uh unstructured jackets. So again. Resort. Wear think right.

Then you're going to drop down to uh what we call business. C to to the actual casual level and these have some of the lowest social status now what you'll see in in a lot of especially on the. East. Coast.

I think is actually um where this can to stick out a little more is you'll walk into a meeting with a. CEO and they'll be in like. Bermuda shorts and a t-shirt right. And what you're seeing there is a power demonstration they're it's a frame.

War they're sitting there saying. I have. So much power. I am.

So in control that. I can. Buck the rules and it doesn't matter okay. So when you see those obvious ju to positions that's what you're looking at you're looking at somebody who's trying to prove something and the moment you understand that they've already lost the frame sensory acuity is power because once you once you can observe.

OB erve and calibrate you know more about what's going on than the person you're dealing with right. The moment you detect somebody doing something for the sake of demonstrating something you should already think. I've won are they really like if they really have that much power though are they demonstrating it or they justy with their no. They're demonstrating it and flamboyance is just another way of demonstrating.

I'm. I. I don't have to. I don't have to follow the rules right.

That's what they're saying says. I don't. I don't acknowledge the rules the rules don't apply to me of course they do. But they don't.

David what about. Steve. Jobs. D and jeans all the time.

I mean yeah what about it what was. Steve. Jones his trademark what he was consistently bucking the system wasn't he he says your rules don't apply to me what is. Apple about the whole brand think different different be different right.

Don't do what everybody else is doing that's the brand psychology right. They're smart creative outside the box would that to well remember he's the head of the company already right. And. I'm frame he's setting the frame.

So. Then it doesn't. So. CEO comes in and just jeans in a t-shirt he actually even though he's bu the system he's still setting.

FR mhm. CEOs are always setting the frame and it's easier for them to do it because they have the power right. But when you're going to present to somebody like that if you let them set the frame you're going to lose right. Remember anytime human beings interact a frame.

War ensues the psychologies. The. Meta frame the reality. Distortion field around you are jockeying for superiority who's going to lead that interaction.

So you're saying if somebody was to present to steeve jobs. Then it would be in their benefit to be an exective it's possible even or dress exactly like him. But you may not get the meeting right. Isn't it interesting that if you were to go into somebody who dresses like that not dressed the way everybody else is that they actually might not take the meeting with you why ah see yeah do you find that this mostly applies to like.

Western. European and. American cultures or is it global. I.

I haven't had enough. International experience to tell you one way or the other. I'll be honest. I've only been to a few countries and only in certain contexts although.

I will tell you that the people in. Britain were remarkably better dressed than the people in. America when they came to my training right. Not all of them.

But more yes. Each culture has its own kind of. Standards. I mean you go to.

Japan and it's like they've got the. Kum and they different fancy attire that they have their right. This is based on what. I have only applies in.

America. I don't know. I can't speak to other countries yes. Okay.

I get what you're saying about. Steve. JS. I mean he own why are we getting fixated on this guy he's dead you're basically saying you know your.

First concept was you know somebody that's in the daytime business. C and comes into with. Bermuda shorts and he's really trying to not follow the rules he's already lost a friend is what. I understood you to say what.

I'm saying is when you walk into a culture where everybody else is dressed in a three-piece suit and the boss isn't okay. You're you're you're you're looking at a guy who's saying. I have. So much power in this world that.

I don't have to follow the rules. I've set for everybody else right. And when you recognize that you can take the mental perspective that he's somebody trying to prove something and when you're in the presence of somebody trying to prove something you've already won the frame. But you said with.

Steve dos. I mean he comes in very casual he's he's the company and he can he can do that he can set his own dress. But. Then you said said.

So if you go into a meeting with. Steve. Jobs that type of person you go into a meeting you could dress like him. But you you might lose you might lose.

So you because you're challenging him. So you need to really address what that level you have to figure you have to think strategically who do. I need to be how do. I need to present myself in the way that.

I'll get my outcome uh. I'll give you a classic example from the one of the few times. I did trainings overseas. I was actually in.

Israel uh. I was doing a training for the vice presidents of essence security and one of the guys there was a very very um well-traveled uh executive he'd done a business in a lot of countries and things like that and he was talking about uh how what. I was teaching in terms of frame control and stuff you'd have to be very careful in place like turkey where if you walk in and you show any form of dominance or or attempt at being an equal relationship they're going to get extremely offended right. Remember our job isn't always to be dominant in the way that is.

Alpha that is obvious that is threatening to people our job is to be dominant in the way that makes us effective in getting our outcome even if that requires us to play the subordinate playing the subordinate doesn't make you a subordinate right. How many people here have children right. I have a 2-year-old who tends to to get whatever she wants cuz she asks right. She doesn't say daddy get me that she goes.

Daddy can. I have this you're like a right. You've had those moments they just look. At you that one way they ask one thing and even though you are brimming with cosmic power infinite resources and the ability to say no.

You say okay. How much who's really in charge in that. Dynamic. I can say no.

At any time right. But. I don't because. I have the power and.

I can pour to be benevolent right. That's why the one of the most powerful statements you can say to another human being is. I need your help because it simultaneously raises their status and gives them a frame of benevolence and that's you'll see me whenever. I pull a lot of.

Magic. First thing. I'm. I'm sorry to bother you.

I really need you they told me you're the one that could help me. I really need your out boom it's like flipping a switch changes their frame puts them in the. I can help you position and if you deliver it sincerely and congruently more often than not you'll get the help you need believe it or not want to tell that story you guys give him the phallic thing no. I'll probably never release this one.

Anyway. So all as you guys know we got to do the flipflop flip flop and they were actually going to put us back in the other room today to be honest. I was too damn tired to want to pack all this stuff up and set it back up. So.

I went up to the head desk and and asked the uh gentleman there said. So uh what's going on in this room tomorrow and he looked it up and he goes nothing. I said. I really need your help man is there any way that you can arrange for us to just stay in that room you'll save the hotel money from having to reset and do all the other stuff and he was like okay.

I'll see what. I can do and. Then he came back here and he's like yeah. I we got it worked out.

I was like appreciate all that you do and you're very professional about it. I appreciate it off he goes doesn't take a lot right. Don't need these long elaborate scripts to get compliance you just got to know what button to touch right. Okay.

So we have the evening wear executive business daytime business casual okay. And. Then casual um we're looking at uh when you're when you go casual it has a much softer look. To it it doesn't have the clearly defined lines that we're looking for in in these kinds of clothing right.

Very contrasty very tone 4ish for for lack for those people out there uh. I am not a tone four. I am a tone three. So with a tone four less is more um and uh in a tone three the more.

I have the cooler it is right. Uh. So. I'm a very layered kind of guy uh let's see here casual looks nonproductive energetically your brain may be engaged while your body is working.

But is unproductive for your mind. I don't know what the hell that means by that uh good for chores and vegging examples of things that will put you in the. Casual category okay. Running shoes shorts sweaters you know sweats jeans chinos.

Dockers khakis anything that has less defined lines very unstructured right. Um. So what. I have would be very somewhere up in here right.

What um. Zach has would be somewhere in the gutter right. Don't. Own.

Me right. Right. So when we start now let's let's think about this strategically now right. When we're going into a culture we need to evaluate who are the.

Rapport leaders who are the dominant figures what are their dominant. Mor forms of dress are they primarily in the evening wear category are they in the um executive category right. When we go in we need to dress either at their level or one level down one level down okay. Realize that when you mix and match things from different zones you're going to get some kind of a of a a a.

Del a dilution right. So a lot of times you'll see me like towards the end of a training not today. But uh. I'll come in and.

I'll be wearing sneakers instead of my dress shoes and even though you don't see me from you know the waist down most of the time it still does lower my social status because they're casual shoes right. Now my frame is. So strong it doesn't make all that much difference right. But um it does have an effect right.

You walk like and and test this right. Go in with dress shoes one day and pay attention how people respond to you and wear the exact same set of clothes on another day and we're a completely different set of. Footwear and notice what happens right. Okay.

Yes. The same reason. I dress up for seminars and classes because. I found yes.

Yeah this goes to embodied cognition they literally uh they tested this with a a group of people. I don't know where the exact actually one of my students found this particular test. I was telling him about how uh uh dressing a certain way or or uh holding certain objects like warm drinks versus cold drinks soft chairs versus hard chairs changes how people think and he was kind of call in calling mode. So he decided to do some some.

Google searches on embodied cognition and he came in the. Next day and he found a study where they literally took. A bunch of civilians put them on an airplane tested their visual. Acuity.

Then dressed them as. Pilots put them on an airplane and their visual. Acuity went up 20 points just by dressing them as. Pilots okay.

I tell myce to put uniform yeah. Clothing. Matters. Clothing.

Matters a lot because it goes right. To self-image and anything that goes right. To self-image goes right. To capabilities right.

I'm dressed like a slob. Therefore. I'm not that smart. Therefore.

I deserve to not be as sharp sharp lines sharp thoughts. Blurred. Lines. Blurred thoughts yes.

My daughter must to dress like a wizard all the time because she's got a hippie for a [Laughter] mom [Laughter] know what's that yeah this is right. Interesting because she has a cape and she like that's her that's her. Jam that's her trademark it's all right. So is this useful yeah yes.

Sir. I um one thing about dressing is the way clothes actually make you feel not just about. So. I can put on nice clothes.

But if. I don't feel good mhm um it's going to affect how. I if will affect to a certain degree. But it will still have more visceral impact on the people around you and that's what we're talking about right.

I hate honestly. I love. I love the style. I use.

But. I don't like dressing this way. I don't like having to dress this way because. I'm a sweatshirt and t- sweats and t-shirts kind of guy because.

I. I love martial arts. I love to just you know be comfortable right. What yeah well.

I was right. Um yes. I mean. I guess part of it is like in congruent.

So you see somebody put on a suit and it's clearly like they borrowed the suit they clearly don't look. Comfortable and that to me says less power than somebody who's actually in nice jeans and nice shirt looks clean and comfortable for shirt even though one's a suit and one's technically casual if you can't pull off the suit and it's sloppy that goes to self-image doesn't it it it totally. Tes everything on this list versus if. I well the in congruity is what does it yeah right.

It's not the social status of the clothing it's the in congruity which goes back to self-image right. But let's make a distinction between feeling out of place in the clothes and the clothes not being comfortable right. Right. Yes.

When. I go to work. I dress like this every day this is a business grp. I'm most comfortable when.

I'm dressed the way. I'm dressed um it's familiar sure that my shirt is a half inch bigger than what is normal. So. I yep don't get.

CH when. I whenever. I am in an uncomfortable situation. I got enough.

I get two fingers in there. But go. I guess that's acceptable in certain context what goes to my mind though is. I only have one opportunity to make a.

First impression that's right. I want to exhibit. First of all self confidence control of my own thoughts and where. I'm going and disl the people that.

I've had a client say. I knew you knew what you were going to say before you even opened your mouth. I. I.

I knew you knew what you were talking about. I just he had that feeling just because the car. I drove the way. I walked the way.

I was dressed is that hypnosis yeah that's my point the clothes that you wear the body posture you move through the world in are the lenses that. Focus or defuse the signal that you send out now that works in the suburb area if. I go out in the country if. I don't have cowboy boots on and a straw in my mouth.

I they look. At you with a tie on you're see he's he's demonstrating tremendous tremendous cultural and sensory acuity by this and by the. I used to do the same thing and anybody who's good at what they do knows to do that you go into the you go into the sub when. I was going up in.

Pennsylvania you're going into some of these oil towns and stuff like that you walk in there with a three-piece suit on uh you know one of the things that. I used to do was um in fact. John. L.

Val used to tell these stories too. But when. I would go into a place that was like real redneckville the. First thing.

I do as soon as. I got out of the car. I would take the tie to skew it like. I'm like just kind of somewhat sloppy not caring.

So much glad to not be around that stuff right. Do you think that would mitigate like racist. Tendencies like if. I'm a client in a redneck this has happened to me.

I've had to go out to. Redneck areas in my environment for a client and it's been at some points not physically dangerous. But it didn't feel good because ofcial tension and. I'll be honest my fashion game is not there at all.

But it. But if it were if. I dressed more like the culture that probably would have what's the principle people like people who are right. Even if you're from a different racial background around if you adopt the clothing and the the attitudes for the time that you're there right.

I've met black people who are whiter than some of the whitest people. I've ever met right. And to me you're all people you know um you all eat the same. So youall taste the same when you cook.

Them up and just sorry. I've been hanging around. Zach's stuff a little. B he got me to eat human meat.

I guess. But yeah this also goes back to studies that we shown for those of us that are in home based business they they've shown that dressing even though you're home. Nobody's around getting out of your morning wear putting on your business clothing they've shown how it boosts your productivity simply because you you put your mindset into now. I'm into business mode.

I'm not in morning your your identity changes as your apparel changes period when. I say identities are like a suit of clothes it's more literal than you realize right. Dress for the person you need to be right. That's all.

I'm saying understand the levels of status the more the higher you go up the chain the more hypnotically suggestible the people become especially if they're at this level and you're here right. It's not just about whether what about this and what about the exceptions to the rule we can't focus on the exceptions to the rule we have to focus on what's most likely because once we master that now we have the bandwidth to deal with the exceptions nothing works on everybody and something works on and everything works on somebody yes. Um just when. I was in class there was a girl that she deals with horses mainly all day long in like high horses did she wear a saddle when she was around her horse.

But uh. Taylor was even telling her like even when she's working with horses she needs to be in her tone and like do her thing because it affects even the horses around her. So yeah. So.

I'm not saying you have to go get toned and and and jump into that technology that's a whole other kettle of fish. But you do need to understand social status and the dress and how it affects you right. It'll make your job easier or harder depending on how you choose to strategically use this and that's all. I care about teaching you how to make your influence efforts easy get bigger the biggest return on your investment the most bang for your buck yes.

I know it's comfortable to wear jeans in a t-shirt or shorts or you know the baggy pants and. I know that okay. But even when you know nine times out of 10 when. I'm at home doing.

Skype work in my bedroom. I still put this on. I still put this on and it really makes a huge difference for you yeah right. I still put it on now is it for me or the client right.

Yeah right. Um can have. I done things in in jeans and a t-shirt yeah of course. I have right.

But. I feel that. I give my best when. I look.

Like the person they're expecting to be right. Or be with right. So um any other questions on this.
