Title: rM-J1cJXx-I.txt
Video Id: rM-J1cJXx-I
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rM-J1cJXx-I

Hello hello hello everyone this is dr david checking in with you coming live from the nlp powerhouse in san diego california hope everybody's doing well on this fourth of july weekend or monday as this case may be i'm just popping in to see who's around if anybody's around i'm going to be hanging out for a little bit and uh happy to answer any questions people have if nobody shows up in the. Next five ten minutes. Then uh i will catch you oh there we have two people popping in checking out there's five more they're coming in fast now hey everybody hi from kurdistan terror stands in the house ground seven says greetings dr david nice to see you guys to see you too and maul chawa says hey david hey chris nice to see you is everybody doing on this fourth of july weekend or week is this monday or sunday i can't remember i think sunday was yesterday right. Yeah it's a monday phil south says hey dr david hey back bill ashwin welcome jennifer hello from vegas jennifer hey jax it's here davis is how are you uh chris i'm good i'm good like i said i was uh doing some work and i just got this incredible need to talk to everybody and reach out and see what's going on there is no.

Zoom link for this session uh i decided to go direct to just my youtube people you guys have got me forever along we're together you know um this is not this was not a scheduled thing. So i just wanted to uh just hang out hey heather there's uh alex's snazzy shirt wow thank you um let me just adjust my table just a little bit here. So i get the right. Height i hate having looking we out of proportion in my shots.

So good heart says hey hi liv uh lucy why are you feeling nervous what's going on with that. So you guys got any questions anything you want to talk about molly got me on here alex says this live stream just made my day chris says if i wanted to work with you on one-on-one is this possible right. Now it's very difficult right. Now one-on-one sessions are reserved primarily for my mega platinum and unlimited influence coaching clients.

So um. But we do have a lot of highly qualified people that we refer to that i've vetted personally or trained perfectly or are not perfectly personally uh. So the number to call for that is 858 282 4663 reach out to stephanie and she'll either put you in contact with my clinic or um or she'll refer directly to you somebody who's on our list of of uh clients that we feel are more than qualified to handle referrals. So let's see here uh alex p says i have a question do pheromone colognes work i believe they do.

But i don't believe they work the way a lot of people think they work and again and also a lot of that depends on the quality of the company that you're dealing with um in experimenting with various types of pheromone solutions the best one i have and this is again i get no. Money i'm not an affiliate for them um for the work that i'm teaching which is a lot of it has to do with advanced neuroplasticity uh the company i've worked a lot with is written is pheromone advantage is actually the the process of the the company i've used most often the one that most of my clients and and students have had the greatest success with you can find them on clickbank i think you can also go to pheromoneadvantage.com and uh and look. At their products hope that helps [Music] alex p says david helped me quit tuple my salary in two years you got to write that up and let people know brother that's something that i think a lot of people really need to hear about right. Now uh.

So the more you can get documentation you give us on that that would be awesome thank you uh lucy says is it lucy or lucy i don't know how i don't want to prince pronounce your name uh i'm doing a presentation tomorrow front of all my area managers cool um [Music] and what's and are you are you are you sure it's not just excitement a lot of times they uh they have similar physical symptoms. But the label that we attach to them can dramatically influence the resources we have access to uh based on that it's um something i teach my students a lot in their state control training and mall challa says i was wondering if image cycling can't be used to influence other people's decisions what else can we use that for that um actually image cycling can be used to influence people's decisions it's just highly recommended that you don't use it for influencing people's decisions um according to bill bankston um people who tend to try to use image cycling to influence others often get their outcome. But it often winds up blowing up in their face in some way i'm paraphrasing a little bit if i remember exactly what he says is yeah it'll work. But they'll find some way to screw it up.

So i've cautioned my students about using image cycling for that particular in that particular way. But i've taught them some workarounds and stuff like that based on my training in kabbalah that i think has helped people to get a lot of what they want uh let's see here um don't mind me i'm trying to read the list it's flying by really quick uh okay. Heidi robinson is asking how do we avoid fake foods also i hate margarine well read the labels if it doesn't if it's one of the ways that you can avoid fake foods is if it doesn't come from the periphery of the store it's probably fake usually the way most grocery stores traditionally are set up all the organic stuff all the natural produce and things like that around the periphery of this of the store where everything else that's processed is in the center. So that's just a good rule of thumb good heart i'm filling out an employment application right.

Now what powerful words can i use to convince someone i'm a perfect fit on an application uh i'd have to take a look. At the application because those words are going to be dramatically different based on who wrote the application and the way they're asking you questions the best thing to do is fill out the application as ethically and honestly as you can to get the interview once you get the interview now you can take things like the interview crusher the resistance removal formula echo technique things of that nature and customize your answers to the person in front of you. So that you can more precisely fit their ideals and values and desires for the perfect candidate for that position. So to me that would be the the place to use our techniques okay.

Um certainly there are people out there who can help you create a a better resume things of that nature. But again the resume really isn't going to do much except maybe get you the interview what you do in the interview is going to make or break uh where if you separate yourself from the rest of the herd okay. Uh lioness of gaia i wear pheromones for me it helps me calm my anxiety excellent excellent application that's what i highly recommend um in fact one of the things i tell my students is stay away from the the attractant pheromones and one of the reasons that i use pheromone advantage is because of all the different companies i've looked at out there they're the only ones that produce an oxytocin pheromone and this will actually cause your your social anxiety to diminish it will tend to cause you to move in a more trusting entrustable way and anybody who's within a certain range of you can get a little bit of an effect of that uh that trust and comfort and connection energy as well the other aspect of it which is something that a lot of people don't think about when they think about pheromones or or that kind of application is that oxytocin creates enhanced neurotrans neuroplasticity for social uh processes. So if i if i put like a few drops of an oxytocin pheromone into like an essential oil diffuser or something like that i may get an enhanced impact on my ability to learn social skills and and social cognition as well as other forms of interactional based learning most of the science around oxytocin seems to seems to indicate that is focused more on learning in neuroplasticity within social interactions or relationships uh how much of that oxytocin or based neuroplasticity extends to other things like learning languages or physical skills i haven't seen as much studies or science on that.

So if you're going to be doing anything that has to do with emotional intelligence relationship learning communication oxytocin pheromones are a good way to actually accelerate both your psycho-emotional states. But as well as your ability to learn things faster. So hopefully that helped heidi says thank you for this video you are very welcome alex says thank you you are also very very welcome uh esmeralda says happy fourth of july everyone yay um okay. Alex killer influence image cycling and understanding people's values and doing favors and introducing connections to others has assisted me in increasing my salary and interview crusher boom there you go just what i said perfect alex heather andrus says love the kabbalah work around the ball workarounds they've helped me they've certainly helped me yes.

Very good yeah heather's one of my mega platinums we call her mega babe for short and she's probably one of the best uh examples of someone who's taken this this technology and just run with it. So kudos out to heather a chemical process have you ever tried mutual work in conjunction with deep level rapport to stack states on top of each other to drop someone in trance as they can't keep up with the quick state changes you do all right. So that's a compound question the. First set of answers is yes.

I have um b if someone can't keep up with the quick state changes that i'm doing it's incumbent on me to slow down until they contract me. So part of what you're asking the. First answer is yes. These mudras can in fact enhance state work and deep level rapport there are lots of cool things you can do with them.

But the. Second piece is if someone is in deep trance and they can't keep up with me. Then i have a sensory acuity problem going on i have um an inability to perceive um what's going on with my client to the point where i move at the speed at which they can move because if you try to move faster than somebody can come up with one of several things can and will happen a uh they'll tend to go into confusion. But what will kind of sort of happen after they go into confusion is they'll break rapport.

So at the end of the day you have to think of it like i'm pulling i'm pulling a very very fragile string and if i pull too fast the string will snap right. Um and rapport is a lot like that's a lot like two soap bubbles right. That are kind of slowly merging to become one. But any sudden jolt or change of direction can actually pop both bubbles.

So you have to have a really strong sense what we call internal sensitivity in terms of being able to track where they're at one of the best extra set of exercises and the best systems i ever found for developing that understanding was believe it or not the martial arts specifically the arts of aiki jiu jitsu systema and tai chi these were absolutely instrumental in me learning to understand especially ikey um this con this this kind this concept of leading through connection pacing and leading on a physiological and and sensitive level. So you know the idea of sensitivity to be able to track what's going on with another person is absolutely critical in your ability to insert influence from the from the purely biomechanical to the psycho-emotional to the verbal to the energetic certainly visual sensory cutie which is where my friend chase likes to spend a lot of time comes in. But at the end of the day your kinesthetics are going to give you a greater sense of what's going on with the person that you're seeking to connect with to me the mojo's in the kinesthetics uh let's see here art david i want to get filthy rich how can i do that is image cycling the best for that yes. And no.

Image cycling is probably to me the gold standard in in rapid manifestation. However depending on the kind of person you are the life you lead and the way you choose to make your money the universe may require you to go through some very intense aggressive and radical transformations uh as my my one of my old school teachers used to say you can be or do or have anything in this life that you want as long as you're willing to become the person for whom that thing can happen to right. And. So a lot of times when we start to do image cycling for wealth which i'm i'm not against i mean i i started intercycling and my wealth my amount of money in my bank account literally doubled in three months um at the end of uh it was 2014 or 2015 i had x hundred thousand dollars i made x hundred thousand dollars for the year um after learning image cycling i had that much money in the.

First quarter of the. Next year in my bank account that i made the entire year previously. So there are ways to utilize image cycle to accelerate and amplify um everything the question becomes how radical is the life transformation you're going to provoke necessary to do that. So just keep that in mind um when you start cycling for things like wealth and things of that nature it may require you you may your whole life may blow up because that's the only way for you to build back better uh to code a much often hated term.

But it is sometimes the way things happen and again taking a buddhist approach is just rolling with the changes nothing is permanent sometimes we we want to reach the. Next level. But we're still holding on to this level here and we have to let go at some point between one trapeze and the other to get there. So again image cycling works i i you know bill bankston is still trying to figure out trying to figure out why and i happily let him do that.

But we do know what the you know anecdotally experientially case study after case study after case study there's hundreds of people on the youtube channel in planet david in our inner circles who have used image cycling for patently impossible stuff and it's worked. But a lot of times the process they had to go through to become the person for whom they could who could have that thing was pretty rough. So you know you have been told right. Take it for what it's worth okay.

Hold on a. Second here um hal anthony says dude you don't have a barbecue or friends to chill with actually i do i did it all yesterday because i wanted to avoid crowds that's why i've got a little bit of a red face i spent all day at the del mar county fair right. And what's in historically just you know the little fun factoid pretty much since 2010 uh when we created the nlp power mastermind mentoring program one of the things we would do for the for for many many years after we started the program was everybody would come to my all my mastermind members would actually come to my house on the fourth of july for for a fourth of july party and. Then if any if around when dos when dusk road rode around we would all get in the car and we would drive to the del mar county fair and just hang out at the fair and watch the fireworks that was a tradition for many many years uh kind of got derailed um mostly when we started having to go uh hide ourselves inside the house where masks do stuff like that uh and.

So in honor of an old tradition i decided well you know what i haven't done a public ama in forever it is the fourth of july i'm pretty burnt from yesterday um why don't i just hang out with my people here you know i mean some of you may have picnics and barbecues to go to and that's cool. But every now and. Then you ever notice that sometimes on these holidays they actually kind of sit around the house board off your ass watching this watching the the you know the deadhead tube or whatever not having anything really engaging to do i have to you know i try to offer an alternative if that makes any kind of sense. Anyway to me you're more than my friends you're my extended family you're you know i i don't know how to put this in a way that doesn't sound self-serving or creepy or weird.

But a lot you guys are largely the reason i do what i do you know um i was fortunate in my life to well unfortunate at. First just have god take my my life and wipe his ass with it for the. First few years of my life. But it motivated me to find answers to problems that i nobody seemed to have answers to and after a while of seeking out those answers i started sharing some of the solutions i found with other people and lo and behold turns out they had similar problems and i found out really really quick that sharing this information and and watching lives change fed something in me that i didn't know needed to be fed.

So i have a purely selfish motivation for uh for hanging out you know there's something that feeds my spirit to do these things and to watch people take these solutions out into the world and change their lives in whatever degree they're willing to do it at whatever level in their you know level they're willing to come into planet david at most of you will stay in the free level and that's cool others will want more and you guys know how to do that i don't have to tell you. But to me hanging out with you guys is the most fun i can have with my clothes on right. I did have another youtube channel that never mind i won't talk about that. But.

Anyway uh moving on david david i was curious how can i start approaching women using your attraction system somehow i can't approach girls at my college here's the. First rule don't try don't try to approach women because what happens a lot of times when we we want to approach somebody the. First thing that happens is we get this radical state change most beautiful people male or female tend to put us into an unresourceful state to begin with. So the.

First thing you have to do is control your state the. Second thing you have to do is stop running movies in your head about them rejecting you okay. Those are two things that whether you are going to do a full-scale approach or what i'm going to talk about. Next which is a incremental approach you got to do you got to get that out of what the.

Second thing is is don't try to do an approach. First walk around your college campus practicing one simple thing positive eye contact positive eye contact in our systems have three components to it without all three you do not have what we call positive eye contact. So. First part of a positive eye contact as you can probably guess is eye contact all right.

Look. Him in the eyes. But look. Him in the eye with a gentle cool uh hi nice to meet you kind of an energy rather than a creepy serial killer scare like okay.

We don't want that. So eye contact. First smile legitimate smile right. How do you know it's legitimate smile there's little crow's feet right.

Up here that appear this is called a duchenne smile okay. If you can if you take a picture of somebody and they're smiling right. And they're dead from the nose up not a legitimate smile the best place to really see this is on um like catwalk videos or uh runway videos where people are like going down the red carpet to you to an awards where celebrities are getting out of their limos and you can see who's got the legitimate smiles and who doesn't you can be able to track that um. So those two pieces have to the final piece is when you make eye contact and you smile and they smile back do their eyebrows go up just like this you see i don't i'm not using my uh my logitech i'm using my logitech phone.

But um i don't think i can use my i can't zoom in with this camera i don't have control. So i hope you can see this this eyebrow flash is part three of what we call positive eye contact if you don't see the positive the eyebrow flash as we call it sometimes people call this the unconscious hello you've got somebody who may be being polite. But isn't necessarily happy to see you or doesn't isn't inviting you to approach if you see the eyebrows raise. Then um you have a chance there's there's more of a welcome there's there's a signal that's passed between you and this person that kind of signals friendship okay.

I'm saying i just got to check a message all right. Um let's see here what we'll see i hope that answers your question all right. But i would just walk around college campuses doing nothing like just 30 times a day well walk up to a person or buy a person look. Them in the eye smile and give them that positive eye contact and see that it's returned right.

Get used to that once you really come with that words like oh my god do i have to do this again. But now it's kind of a it's not a it's not a question of fear it's more of like oh just it's just something you do right. When it becomes like just regular nonchalant now you have you now you take the. Next phase which is say hi that's it hi how you doing boom get him to answer that do that 30 30 times a day for three or four days until that becomes old and.

Then once you're comfortable with that start working on level one of the three magic questions which is location occasion right. Teeny pieces overlearned. So you're really really comfortable with it that's micro approaching right. Or micro steps right.

Some people want to jump in with both feet some people want to are better off with that incremental overlearned approach find it find your you know find your happy place find which one works for you that makes any kind of sense um let's see mahdi shabbat david do you plan to teach or do you teach in one of the courses kabbalah i just actually taught kabbalah uh hardcore really for the. First time uh in may in costa rica we did a seven-day vibrational influence training uh where one of the capstones of that particular program was an introduction to the kabbalah according to david uh the stuff i've been doing people were blown away um because it we tapped it onto all the other vibrational training stuff that we've been doing and showed them how it all blended together i just finished my. First mega platinum retreat we didn't talk too much about kabbalah directly at this training. But it was asked about and it is on the docket for future mega platinum events.

So yeah we do teach it. But we like you to have some real world experience with our other systems. First especially things that have to do with rapport and state control. So that you can better tap into the forces that we're going to teach you about in like vibrational healing face reading vibrational influence and advanced techniques like that secrets of internal power would also be a great place for you guys to come out and learn the physical side of these things and how they can be tested on a physical body okay.

But i hope that helps we do plan on teaching more of it. But only to set only at certain levels uh esmerelda at hell anthony okay. Uh i think how anthony's question was very valid and yet you are here welcome to david snyder live yes. Okay.

Ashlynn and india it's already the 5th of july here well happy 5th of july ashwin let's see lucy i need to remember it's all just excitement after all yes. It is right. Remember if they didn't find value in what you had to say they wouldn't be taking the meeting to begin with. So you're right.

They're already at your mercy liam says oh a. Second don't worry it's not yours okay. Hold on a. Second here wait a minute people are just thank you by the way those of you who are donating thank you.

So much for that uh how do you deal with a persistent cough. First and foremost notice if that persistent cough has anything to do with what you've been eating lately uh. Second of all i would start with a transformational triad point to where you feel it reach out and touch it write the lessons while you have it and see if that starts the process of eliminating it you may have to you may go through some purging from the lungs as the body gets rid of the emotional components and the energetic components leading to that um. But let that happen that's just a natural purging process okay.

Um certainly i would go see a doctor regardless of anything that i recommend i would recommend that you you get checked out by a medical doctor. First and make sure there's nothing physiologically wrong that they can track or they're not going to do just blanket antibiotic antibiotics or whatever for that let's see here guys you guys are jumping around. So much uh hold on a. Second uh okay.

Is this is this useful guys i don't know how much longer i can stay on. But i want to stay on as long as i can i do have to answer one thing let's see here um what would you do with that okay. Hold on any techniques on injection okay. The stage hypnosis illusion ash when asked is stage hypnosis and illusion or magic inter they're all interrelated ashwin um and this is again one of the one of the peril points when we're starting to look.

At precipitation or stage illusion magic stage hypnosis mentalism and the actual practice of creating reality and manifesting they actually all start in a very similar place which is the art and science of state control largely more of the entertainment oriented stuff it's largely state control of the audience. But there is some degree of state control and acting skills that you need to do performance magic and. Then they go into the art of suggestion suggestion is a phenomena that regardless of what level you're you're working at whether it's the the entertainment stage hypnosis uh mentalism uh david copperfield kind of stuff or you're dealing with the things that we teach which is advanced persuasion and influence and or manifestation and magical practices suggestion has to be a topic that you have a certain level of mastery and competency with because if you don't understand suggestion. Then you can't really parse which is you know is something mostly suggestion with a tiny piece of the energetic or is there mostly an energetically charged suggestion being delivered they're flip sides of the same coin.

But you need to understand the dynamics and the nuances of suggestion. So that you can navigate these waters more more expertly and safely. But also not be taken in by people who are masters of suggestion and are using suggestion uh to make you believe that something magical beyond the mind is going on okay. Uh hopefully that helps okay.

David good to see you today love your surprise any. Second thank you for the secrets of internal power class very empowering way beyond my expectations now thank you liam i'm glad you enjoyed it i can't wait to see what what what comes up uh in october when we do our. Next one um i'm excited about it i may have to pull back more curtains and show more really cool sneaky energetic stuff the inner cycling is better than neville goddard techniques do i don't know any of neville goddard's techniques. So i really can't uh i can't comment on that a lot of people compare my stuff to his for sure.

But i don't personally know a lot about neville goddard's work if i've read anything about him it was. So long ago i don't remember it um when is your. Next free zoom webinar uh i think in about two weeks we've got we've got one got one coming up right. Before i head out to las vegas for the for the 11 day hypnotic certification celebration vacation uh let's see uh dave also asked the ms i think bankston teaches us images to produce feelings.

But you made us use gestalts in hidden laws of attraction what's better um neither um when i use gestalts it's just another type of image i bring a certain certain things to the bankston process that bill either never needed to use or didn't want to use uh or didn't know about uh one of the things that we do a lot with our image cycling process is once we've created an image because we understand what we call the primary encoding system how the nervous system actually gives generates amplitude and significance to an image we use those techniques to amplify the power of our list and the impression it makes in our nervous system even more powerfully and. So taking the time to do that embeds that information even more deeply uh into the neurology and makes it easier to cycle without consciously being programmed without having to consciously keep it in your head. So a lot of the things that we do in our image cycling bill doesn't know or doesn't seem you know doesn't necessarily feel unnecessary and this is the important thing going back to what how bill teaches image cycling his biggest thing that i think you need to take away from it is avoid ritual there is as far as we know no. Wrong way to do it avoid ritual be playful and as long as you're having fun and generating positive energies while you're cycling you're gonna you're probably gonna get what you want at some point i hope.

So um lots of differences. But they're basically my ways of kind of embellishing or enhancing the priming aspect of of the image cycling creation process much more. So than the cycling process itself alchemical processes thank you for the answer men that was doing a minute is doing mujo work connecting to different levels of trance and once you've got rapport you drop yourself quickly down to levels and get them i can do that for sure will wigginsbot my longtime friend and artist happy fourth of july happy fourth of july well danka welcome nice to see you too uh hi david what's your suggestion for conversations at weddings parties your echo technique works when the conversation is more private oh it works everywhere. But what i would do for you is um use the echo technique.

But use it in the structure of a three magic questions protocol and you'll never be lost you'll always be able to break off conversations come back to it nuances things like that. But absolutely echo technique three magic questions and ultimately um the emotional bonding checklist gonna be solid gold for you okay. Uh if you wanna there's there's an addition that we teach at attraction mastery we usually attraction mastery is coming up in february of 2023 in las vegas we call it 36 magic bullets 36 magic bullets is based on a study known as the 36 questions and these are questions that you can ask once you've gotten a level two and a half in the three magic questions process that will generate massive connection and intimacy between you and a stranger believe it or not. But if you don't have a good grasp of echo technique and three magic questions you really shouldn't be playing uh with the 36 magic bullets just yet.

But there's lots of extensions um that we can do okay. But i would start with the echo technique three magic questions emotional bonding checklist uh it's an interesting process find a way back to normal okay. I'm not sure what that's about um lioness of gaia says what a great gift dr david thank you for offering waves to internal freedom my pleasure my pleasure uh let's see here i think i answered maron's question about the cough david's uh end maul says i have some questions about the seven stages of attraction there's some reason i cannot move up to the touching stage the woman i'm with doesn't move in the nest. Then you're probably having you're not proud you're probably not spending enough time on the 3mq process you're probably not spending enough time on getting her to talk about the things that she finds exciting that she finds that she's passionate about the other thing you can play with um to get her to start to want to move into that nest hey are you.

First of all are you setting up the snuggle space uh properly that would be my. First thing is physiologically are you are you kinesthetically are you are you positioning yourself properly to make it comfortable for her to do that. Second of all are you following her cues up to that point because chances are you're missing cues the final thing which is kind of a um it's kind of a graft on kind of a a switch back to that 36 magic bullets i was talking about if you start injecting some of these 36 magic bullet questions into the conversation that may open up a deeper level of intimacy where she feels more willing to kind of let you set you know say okay. I'm with you kind of a thing.

So those are some things i would play with right. Obs without observing you or listening to you in the field i have no. Way of really knowing if you're deploying the other techniques effectively. So i'm just giving you some just spitballing some things for you uh let's see.

So let's see and while on the touching stage do i touch her the same way she touched me what if she just yes. If she just brushes past you. Then find a way to brush past her just to brush that area right. But again the more adeptly and organically you can copy the exact top touch and location as possible that's going to be the the safest way to do it right.

There's lots of other pickup systems out there there's i should say other pickup systems we're not a pickup system. But there are lots of pickup systems out there that will will try to accelerate and compress that kino. Period which can blow up especially now with everybody being. So hyper sensitive about touch and boundaries and things like that the safest most organic neurologically friendly way to accelerate connection is by perfectly mirroring the touch the time the place the location is possible now if she brushes past you when she goes to get up find an excuse to get up and brush past her right.

And come back if she if you're making a joke and she touches you on the arm you might just say hey touch it exactly the same place i say this isn't free you got to pay for that right. And make a joke out of it. But the idea is is that you mirror the energy that touched the intention in a non-threatening non-sexual way right. Because touches are always sex tests they're always a way conscious or unconscious they're always a test to see if you're going to respect the boundary or violate it and they're going to make a lot of judgments about you based on how you do that.

So again it doesn't seem like a big deal it's always always a big deal right. Revelation happy fourth of july david question how long did your darth snyder period. Last i'll let you know when it's over no. I'm teasing um i would probably say up to about 2004 2005 i'd say was the end of that that time when i had some revelations about things that and i really and i realized i needed to change my life.

So to speak um. But certainly it's definitely a phase now don't get me wrong someone crosses a line i'm more than capable of going you know opening up my old bag of tricks and lowering a neuro-linguistic spiritual boom on people. But by and large the deeper i get into the things i'm doing now the less i need them you know and it just seems to be built into the system that the deeper into these practices you go the harder you are to uh to really kind of attack you know i may be tempting fate with that. But um.

But i just i think a lot of it has to do with the the the way you evolve with what the the the relationship you develop with the universe the way you've evolved your nervous system and things of that nature um and you start to become much much better at screening people. So much of the darkness in our lives largely comes from the pain that we feel uh and the way it clouds our judgment in the assessment of others and. So i think once again like we have a class coming up in i think it's either august or september it's called defense against the dark arts which is all about behavioral profiling how to look. At somebody and flag them as a narcissist a con artist pedophile you name it uh and really being able to kind of thwart these people before they have they gave a foothold in your life and if they do get a foothold in your life what you can actually do to remove them and keep them from sucking you back into it um it's really a cool class it's based on our award-winning uh best-selling killer influence program.

But it focuses more on not just the influence side. But on the personality behavioral profiling side and the ability to look. At people and speed read them and know how to deal with them. So a lot of a lot of what happens as you get deeper into this is you start being able to just recognize the patterns of behavior and thought in people and you know where that's going and.

So you can get yourself out of a situation before it ever rears its ugly head right. Um. But if you always revert to what you've always done you'll always get what you've always got. So again the more you can learn about how to read people and understand them the more choices you have.

So i hope that helps [Music]. So vlad marius lungo david i just wanted to thank you a few months back you did an ama suggested i read barton's vibato i literally found the solution there for the psychic attacks that me and my girlfriend were experiencing boom bravo congratulations vlad dr j watch david's videos on youtube at no. Seduction oh that's that's not directed at me okay. Uh let's see here felipe says hey david apologies i'm going to be missing you in las vegas i'm back in london uk for a few weeks you missed ever okay.

Felipe i hope i see you soon can hypnosis help you stop drinking absolutely it can make sure you find someone who's very competent and work alongside any medical doctors or psychotherapists or psychologists that you're also or counselors that you're working with hypnosis works best when it's done as an integrative approach uh as a team effort with other healthcare providers and a lot of people like a lot of hypnotists out there like to build themselves as the uh the alternative don't do that if you're a hypnotist or hypnotherapist don't vilify the medical profession don't vilify psychotherapists or psychologists they're your greatest source of referrals if you can demonstrate competence okay. Um if you're a hypnotist and you are a hypnotherapist and you don't have a lot of academic credentials behind you you can be very competent. But if you say the wrong thing and you go outside that scope of practice they will lower the boom on you all right. So always always always whenever possible.

First of all if you're hypnotist don't use the word hypnosis you're going to get a lot. But gotta get a lot more business. But that's a different topic for a different day don't build yourself as the alternative and make other people bad okay. Those that everything works for somebody nothing works for everybody.

But you're always going to get a bigger return on your investment in terms of marketing promotion and and client outcomes if you work as part of an integrative team okay. Just putting that out there you can take it or leave it throw it out the window whatever okay. Um let's see here evie star music says or most effective way did it i think i missed something evie said earlier let me go back up here really quick what's the best way to change negative patterns and behaviors into healthier habits and behaviors well the quick and dirty way is what we call the transformational triad boom period end of story. However if you want a more fleshed out personal transformation process the identity by design silo which we teach in real world hypnosis uh.

But also teach in secrets of personality transformation and self-mastery supercharger is probably the fastest diy solution to getting all those things changed in the shortest amount of time possible. So that's where i would start let's see here and fall when assuming this person had a trauma in their life how is it possible to approach them and manifest them to help them get over their past experience greetings from kuwait okay. So and phil i'm going to ask you to restate that question just because when you say manifest them to help them are you trying to manifest people who've had trauma. So you can help them fix their traumas or are you trying to manifest a healing to someone with a specific trauma because i'm not sure exactly what you're asking me there okay.

Let's see here danka says royce boom says if not putting yourself out there as a hypnotist what. Then well here's the thing royce most people have an allergy to hypnotists to the word hypnosis now if you if the client tell that you have is comfortable with that word keep it. But you're going to find that a lot of hypnotists all over the country in different parts of the world the the culture that they're in right. Now with local communities churches religions have very very very uh varied baggages around the world hypnosis and.

So as i've told all of my students um hypnosis doesn't care what you call it right. If you're in a place that has a strong new age component you may get away with calling what you do creative visualization advanced meditation um psychos if you're in a place that's very strongly medical that has a lot of technical oriented kinds of businesses people may not put a lot of a lot of confidence in the word hypnosis. But you could easily call it something like psychosomatic neuromodulation closed eye process and get the same results okay. So again what is again when you think about not whether you can do the work or not.

But what is going to be the most palatable label for what you do i'll give you a perfect example from my life now you guys know i've been a lifelong martial artist going on 40 years now okay. You walk into the average karate school and you start talking about hypnosis and everybody gets a while stick up the rest you can that don't work you can't make me do that blah blah blah you can't heal people with that crap and they'll give you they'll they'll tell you all day long that you can't do it and. Then you won't and they won't let you do it. But in many classically classical dojos you go in and you start talking about qi energy ki chi gong you can get them to do all the same why different perspective different set of filters your job remember none of the magic you have to bring to the client happens until they do what you say you can't get them to do what you say you can get them in the door.

So are you fishing with if you're looking for clients are you using the right. Bait right. Remember hypnosis as a practice doesn't care what you call it. So change what call what you do different stuff to find out who is going to response it to that based on the place you're at and where you're advertising okay.

Now my experience may be dramatically different from yours other teachers out there i know jason lynette and i often go round and round back and forth about advertising hypnosis versus a problem for a solution a solution for a problem we go back and forth on that right. You choose test everything right. But i hope that answers your question transformational coaching works right. Um i think i answered the.

First part and phone. But i hope you guys are really you guys are barraging me with this stuff i i got to find a way to get through this stuff faster are you guys having fun with this is this cool you guys enjoying yourself. So bob is asking what is your suggestion to name our practice since bob's hypnosis would be bad well here's how i would start bob what is the number one problem that you're the best at fixing in terms of if you have a hypnosis practice right. And assuming you've had clients what has been your favorite client to work with with the greatest level of results right.

Once you understand what that is. Then ask yourself a question what was the problem that they had right. And that's if that's the kind of people you want to work with that's where you should start thinking about what to name your business people individuals can be very very very intelligent. But for some mysterious reason i call it this the law of inverse iq the bigger the group the the less critical thinking and analysis tends to happen don't know why.

But if you've been to my killer influence class or you've been to events against the dark arts or even identity by design or vibrational influence we show this little stupid metronome video where you have 36 different metronomes all moving at the same time within two and a half minutes they're all doing this human neurology tends to work the same way we all come into this massive group rock concert political rally whatever and we're all thinking different things and over time we start to get in resonance with the people around us and regardless of what we consciously might want our consciousness sends to change it tends to shift because you're all within eight feet of rapidly beating metronomes the human heart right. And your neurology's a large tuning fork for lack of a better word. So you have to be very careful about these group dynamics right. Because i have a very powerful way of overriding your critical faculty.

So again the more people in the group the lower the aggregate iq of the group tends to drop right. Okay. Let's see here i'm scrolling up here. So nasir abbasi asks david my wife has a phobic personality has a strong fear of flying is there anything you can suggest absolutely transformational triad magic frame color breathing energy spinning try those see what happens i think our record for removing a flying phobia is 90 seconds using this the energy spinning technique.

But you got to make sure she wants to get rid of it. So that's where the other two techniques come in uh tp creative how would you use nlp and energy work to help someone release fear and freeze when it comes to the things they love transformational pride magic frame color breathing energy spinning okay. We have lots of videos for that by the way on it for free on the youtube channel you can just down you can def bin watch it to your heart's content or come to one of the events and we'll teach it to you personally um they love yeah uh felipe i'm a mindset and wellness coach that uses hypnosis is behavior change thing perfect perfect right. But here's the thing i wouldn't even worry about saying what you use my experience with clients has been for the most part once they're in the room with you and they've shared you told they told you their problem they really wouldn't care if you waved a dead chicken over their head singing the star-spangled banner backwards as long as they got out of the chair better than they got in at the end of the day most clients really only care about the result you produce not how you got there right.

And. So most hypnotists especially fledgling hypnotists or classically trained hypnotists tend to actually prime their clients to be more resistant and reticent by using the word hypnosis and the classical intake procedure that they're taught the pre-talk as they're taught about it we've we've done away with. So much of that old stuff because it actually held us back uh from creating the changes we want in the shortest amount of time possible okay. Now again that's been my experience the experience of my students um i'm not by any means putting down classically trained therapists by any stretch imagination hypnosis as a practice has stood the test of time.

But a lot of the things that we're taught in classical hypnosis we haven't actually most people haven't actually bothered to test they just that's what their teacher told them because their teacher told them because their teacher told them and. So that's what they do right. What do i think of mental coach mental coach isn't a bad thing except you need to actually be very very you got to you got to know who you're talking to what kind of customer needs a mental coach right. Again again i would recommend i know for some of you this is going to rub you the wrong way.

But if you can go back and and get anything that dan kennedy ever put out to start with his magnetic marketing system you're going to find a lot of simple fixes to a lot of complex what you think are complex problems the biggest one of which for most people who are starting a business is a lack of specificity about what they do and who they're doing it for and what problem they're seeking to solve they try to talk to everybody and when and when it comes to internet work when it comes to marketing in general offline or online if you try to talk to everybody you wind up talking to practically no. One human beings need to have very simple clear lines of reference they need to know who you are what you do and how it relates to what they need fixed if you if that's not stated in your website address in your business cards in your promotional material as a headline in some way you've lost them from the beginning very very few people go onto the internet go to google or yahoo and type in hypnotherapy my place they don't do that they go in looking for how to stop pain how to lose weight how to stop being afraid and. Then hypnosis tends to come up people are very very problem solution oriented and. So when people are looking for those solutions they need to know that you have that fix and.

So when you talk to them what you do and what you fix who you fix it for needs to be as very clearly defined as possible or at least arouse enough curiosity in them that they're willing to click the. Next link or go to the. Next page to find out more right. You have to lead them one click at a time through your process.

But if they can't relate directly with what you have versus what they need fixed you've lost them from the beginning it's going to be in the pickup terms they have that we call fools mate which is getting anything that comes your way just because they were interested not because you actually did something specific to get them. Anyway. So i hope that helps. So dave sun says i purchased one of your courses on attraction how do i actually internalize the frames you mentioned i know the frames are beneficial.

But not sure how to install them identity by design get the identity by design silo see if it's a personality transformation or self mastery supercharger will allow you to systematically install those uh frames into you come out to our live attraction mastery training in february we'll help you do it okay. Mike says yes. Enjoy the conversation cool um how can i prepare myself for something i never saw i need to administrate three people at work. But my only character in life was being companion for someone not to moderate people okay.

The magic question you want to ask yourself is if i were comfortably in charge of three people and i had to administrate them if i were doing that perfectly what might that be like the moment you ask yourself what that might be like your brain is going to start to generate a scenario allow yourself to fantasize of what that might be like okay. Create that movie in your head and run it over and over and over again and you'll find. Then there's lots of things other things you can do with that. But the secret is is that once you create what it might be like and you run through that multiple multiple times at the very least you created an avatar inside of yourself that has some foundations right.

And. Then what you want to do is once you have that foundation you might say well what if i have three people and one of them is like this what might that be like the magic question what might that be like opens up possibilities in your imagination that allows you to run scenarios as you run through these scenarios over and over and over again you'll start to gain a type of behavioral foundation and perspective a template or a plan if you will for how to manage people effectively right. Certainly you want to absolutely go out there and study as many different resources on how to manage others as possible anything on emotional intelligence behavioral profiling understanding how to read people all of these will add to your lexicon of resources that you can bring to bear. But they don't really do anything for you until you start running scenarios in your head that give you a tour a kind of vicarious experience of what that situation might be like now keep in mind when you go from in your head to the real world they're not going to be the same.

But there may be enough similarities that can allow you to have an idea of what to do in that situation um based on the priming work that you've done. So let me take i got to make one message here really quick i don't open all right. Let's see here um yeah keem says uh did i miss something that dawnka said i might have all right. Well if she had if she's interested she'll ask it again uh let's see here or can't use the natural okay.

There's and fathers uh your questions are really fragmented. So i'm trying to i'm not following you as well as i'd like to let's see. So alex p is asking how to develop a mysterious presence jewelry that sounds like two different questions. But having this develop a mysterious presence is to never really be an open book.

So the idea behind being mysterious is making people curious about you the fastest way to make people curious about you is to be curious about them to get them talking about themselves without ever really volunteering a whole lot about yourself it does it's not that you're deliberately evasive it's just that you minimize the amount of information you give out versus the amount of information you entice the other person to give out that happens as a natural byproduct of three magic questions right. Um you can actually use behavioral scarcity to amplify that um which we teach in attraction mastery there's a lot of different behavioral things that you can do um that make you a scarce resource that combined with you know way more about them than they know about you creates that pleasant. But mysterious uh persona that i think you're you're going for okay. Tp creator says thank you.

So much you are very welcome see god only might be found praise jesus okay. Bill souther the lists on youtube are all based on dealing with issues can a series of lists be created for videos that show specific processes um i'm sure they could. But all those processes are embedded within context content i'd probably have to do a separate line of videos for that or um put some of my paid content on on a public view if you have things like pardon me if you have things like our mastermind videos or um identity by design all the processes are there in the order that we do. So at higher levels the stuff gets a little bit more systematized and organized at the public levels we we put out what we think is going to be most user-friendly uh to the general public right.

Let's see here of shirabi says your wisdom is beyond word well thank you i uh i don't know if i really live up to that that phrase. But thank you. So much for that um let's see here dave's son says how do i become more comfortable talking to attractive women there's only one way to become more comfortable talking to attractive women that's to go up and talk to attractive women now one of the old-school ways to do this a is clean up all your pertaining to being rejected or not accepted by attractive women the. Second thing is make as many attractive friends as humanly possible not.

So you can date them. But. So that you can have attractive friends that you can hang out with in a a purely platonic way that gets you used to dealing with attractive people the fastest way is through the fastest way around is through make attractive friends go to places where attractive people hang out and just befriend them interestingly though when you flip the friendship switch on you may find that a lot of these friends suddenly take a romantic interest in you don't bite the hook. Keep them as friends because attractive friends have attractive friends date the friends of the friends not the friends in your circle.

But really the truth of the matter is if you want to be perceived as more attractive you need to hang around more attractive people if you want to be comfortable around attracted people you need to hang around attractive people right. Until it's do you just get desensitized to it that was one of the one of the benefits of actually moving to los angeles from oklahoma after about the. First six to nine months everywhere i looked i was falling over a beautiful woman or a beautiful dude for that matter i'm not into dudes. But you're surrounded by you know the world's largest genetic experiment here in los angeles beautiful people are everywhere and after a while i was like okay.

Another beautiful person what else they got besides a cool exterior right. Why you get the sense of attention after a while all i saw was eyes. In a brain i didn't even you know didn't matter how they looked in a bikini i saw eyes. I saw a a neck a brain on a brain stem and a set of eyes.

And and i just talked to the eyes. And i wanted to find out if the person inside was just as interesting as the person on the outside. But old school just hang around with as many attractive people as possible befriend them right. Until it no.

Longer is a big deal because as long as you continue to make it a big deal it will be right. Of course there's a certain stroke you know lots of mental processes that we can do start with the you know the transformational triad energy spinning and magic frame and you can start negating a lot of that crap right. Off the bat i think i started with that. But.

Then just immerse yourself in that environment let's see here vlad says david what do you think is the best hypnosis protocol for removing addictions start with the transformational triad and. Then go into hypnotic regression either classical regression or holographic regression that we teach in rapid trauma resolution those are going to be the fastest ways to really you know get to the bottom of an addictive behavior as well as to dissolve it let's see here david chan which course has more info on attraction archetypes that would be attraction mastery probably some killer influence. But largely attraction mastery uh let's see here tangible ways to create a slimmer or there's a technique we teach in cpi and attraction mastery and killer influence called the rockstar meta frame learn it danka any deeper way to release attachments and thought forms to someone or alternately attract them if they've been dating someone else above energy clearing hypnosis plant medicine not work um a are you using three magic questions b are you signaling uh that you are approachable [Music] if you've got attachments are you cutting those energetic chords right. Are you truly willing to let go of those attachments that's what i see what i see is the the biggest impediment to led it to healing is that even though we say we want to get rid of the attachments we don't.

So that would be where i would start if i if you know ask yourself the magic question if if is it okay. For me to get rid of these attachments all right. And if if the answer is anything. But a resounding yes.

Point to where you feel it reach out and touch it magic frame it and see if that what happens there let's see lamar saunders says what is the most impressive thing you've recently manifested or attracted hmm most impressive there's been some pretty impressive um i would say my doctorate program absolutely if you if you go to the video on youtube funny. But true law of attraction stories you'll hear me talk about some of the coolest manifestation things that i've done using the techniques i teach how effective i found permission to close when selling i never ask for permission in fact i almost never have to ask them to buy my hardest clothes most of the time is how soon do you want to get started or what's the. Next step we need to take and it's largely because um i use the emotional bonding checklist and. So the minute people see the the achievement of their hearts desires right.

In front of them most objections go right. Out the window and they ask you to buy they ask you to to take the job or whatever um is there an attraction mastery fb group yes. Yes. There is royce.

But it's only for people who actually attended the original live event um let's see here evader says david cool to get a chance to say hi to you i think i watched all your youtube videos about hypnosis that are free i learned a lot i feel much invited to my channel invader for drawing okay. Uh hagerstown at gnosis center hey marie hi david miss seeing you working with students teaching etc on video within hypnotic methods on the fly. So to speak at least more recently we're trying to fix that pheromone clones by dr men yes. Let's see here will melvin says have you ever seen blatant use of nlp out in the real world that put a huge smile on your face i asked because i recently saw a pastor chaining anchors i got a kick out of it yes.

I i do in fact in my uh class i've got coming up in las vegas uh july 25th through the 20th 25th 26th 27th 28th 28th is called hypnotic presentation skills and it's all about what i call the system behind the system you know a lot of a lot of high level presenters out there will have a trainer's training where they teach you to do what they do. But they don't actually teach you to do what they're doing and. So in hypnotic presentation skills i teach you how to create a presentation how to create an offer how to position your audience. But.

Then i also pull back the curtain and i show you all the hidden nlp techniques there's about 14 of them 14 to 15 of them that high level presenters like t harbecker and robert allen and lisa sasebic and tony robbins all utilize to hypnotically mind people to run to the back of the room and i teach you what they look. Like i actually take i actually take a transcript that i required uh from a very high level presenter and i actually deconstruct it for you as part of the class. So you can see what this stuff actually looks like in application not people trying to teach you hypnosis or nlp. But just vetted have a vested interest in using it on you to get you to rush to the back of the room it's as much a self-defense course as it is a empowerment course for people who are going to present in public speak and if you are a coach a teacher um anybody who makes a living helping others in interactions the fastest most economical way to build your business with a minimum budget is through public speaking.

So if any of you are interested in that uh this is one of the few classes of the few hypnotic presentation skills class where we've waived all the prerequisites we can study three-day training it's a four-day training. So you can come in with absolutely no. Idea about what's going on and we will teach you from the ground up how to walk into an audience and just rock knock them dead and have them run to the back of the room to sign up for your business whatever that is or just teach them better or have them experience profound changes and transformations for those of you who are interested i will put the um i'll put the link in the chat slash hopefully this is the right. I got this right.

If anybody's interested in that class you're invited to come out just reach out to stephanie we only have a few slots with that one left because again because because it is a presentation skills class um we actually put you on stage and have you practice presenting right. We actually gave hypno. Thoughts presenters a 500 discount because half of them were new and we wanted them to be able to go in and uh and just be able to rock it their. First time out we wanted you know if you're gonna be a.

First time presenter it's nice to have a presentation that doesn't actually suck right. So that's why we're doing it okay. Um let's see here lamar says where can i buy your hypnotic present uh you can go to davidsnydernlp.com type in charisma and conversion in the in the products box and the cpi4 class will come up that's what we call it on the website let's see here evader says i live in germany i'm not coming to vegas. But your stuff is awesome thank you uh keon says i always had like two personalities child another and now i have.

Third which is like a judge and i'm overwhelmed with the ideas i'm talking myself i'm doing good. But i can never not there okay. So alex is asking how to deal with intrusive negative thoughts change your posture change your breathing point to where you feel it spin it the opposite way color breathe it or magic frame that's going to be the fastest way to deal with that uh i did not see your your you're taking a new approach says you skipped my question what was your question i did not see it. So keon says find a stable state.

So i'm always in the wrong state because of them change your posture change your breathing brother that's all you got to do hold it for at least two minutes your will change king sakura hey david you said that once you can install skill using magic frame how does one go about doing that i don't know that i said you can install skills using magic frame you can in fact change limiting beliefs and mindsets and things are keeping you from installing limiting skills you can program new beliefs which can lead to new skills uh you probably have to combine magic frame with something else to install a skill that other thing probably being color breathing uh and actually the identity by design style would probably be a magic circle would probably be the best uh the best combination for that the identity by design silo is really what you're looking for it has all those components in it uh let's see thinking thank you for this live stream you're very welcome danka can you remind us the resistance removal protocol ask them what they you know. First of all restore personal autonomy um ask them what their reason for wanting to do the thing they just said they didn't want to do might be ask them on a scale of 0 to 10 how much they might want to do that once they give you a number ask them why they didn't rate it less agree with them ask them what the. Next step they need to take is to move forward on that particular process okay. That's hold on a.

Second i've got texts coming in okay. I got to jump out of the way soon. But i hope uh weight loss tips um really depends on what's causing your weight and. So if you're if you're more than 20 pounds overweight you probably want to get a physical and make sure there's nothing physiologically wrong with you.

Second i would say i would start with hypnosis as a way to anything over 25 20 to 25 pounds is usually emotional rather than lifestyle. So if you're more than 20 to 25 pounds overweight hypnosis targeting the emotional reasons behind the eating is probably going to be a good place to start combined with behavioral modification and new habit formation if it's less than 20 to 25 pounds you may just be better served by getting up off your butt and walking more changing your diets not necessarily going on a diet. But changing your diet to something that um is more healthier more in alignment with your body making sure that there aren't a high degree of food sensitivities or allergies contributing to the binges that you might be having uh being very aware of any foods that make you start to binge eat like sometimes like when i one of the problems i didn't realize i had was pizza like i eat a piece of pizza all of a sudden i can't stop eating pizza right. It was a food sensitivity that i had right.

So this is often a telltale sign of problems like if there's a food that makes you a bottomless pit probably food sensitivity right. Probably one of the best books at a beginner level is called the virgin diet by jj virgin a good place to start inventorying the food choices that you're making how inflammatory or food sensitive you might be follow that up with um talking to a dietitian a medical doctor make sure you all of your stuff is working right. Before you start changing the other things okay. How can you have more physical energy again proper diet proper nutrition getting up and moving even when you feel tired finding activities that you love to do and realize that everybody has a bit of inertia when it comes to getting into into the game even athletes um they've just gotten used to what that inertia feels like and they know what to do about it most of us don't we don't understand that our body is always trying to slow us down because it wants to preserve energy until it's been forced into enough situations where it knows it has to recalibrate its energy processing to give us more energy okay.

Taking approach what techniques would you use for cold calling primary care practices i sell emr to doctors that is a great question um. First thing is i would start with a question uh uh i would i would say i would i would tell them your uh try to try to turn your cold calls into warm calls. So if you can do a little bit more backgrounding on the people that you're going to um to reach out to and use them as a referral like maybe you're talking to a colleague and you ask them for five or six names of people who you think might benefit from from your services. But i would talk to only the people who've actually bought your service ask if they know five or six people that would benefit from it get their contact information and say you were speaking to.

So and. So and they recommended that they said you might be interested in in this solution to your problem as well um. But any my good friend james situ was a master at uh getting past gatekeepers my experience with getting past gatekeepers was just cold calling for insurance sales [Music]. But i would always talk about how you'd like to ask the doctor's opinion about something.

So calling up with the idea that you're actually looking for information rather than trying to sell them something is actually a much better way to get to talk to the decision maker. But remember a lot of these um a lot of these uh receptionists are excellent gatekeepers one of the things my friend scott sandlin did some of you know who scott is some of you don't scott is the founder of hypnothoughts live the world's largest hypnosis convention. But i knew him when he was just the pasty kid from newport beach the way scott made his name was through pain control for dentists and he did something very very interesting is he would walk in he he went to dentists that he knew and took. Them out to lunch and rather than hit them up to let him in what he did was he said do you know anybody that could use my services or something that effect and he got names and he reached out to them and.

Then what he did was he said hey would you be um my name is scott salin and and one of the reasons i bring this up is because one of the obstacles he had to uh he had to deal with was pharmaceutical reps always calling these doctors and trying to trying to get face time. So one of the things you might want to do is you want to start befriending the obstacles you want to start looking for people who can refer you by name that you're more likely to get face time with um turn your do your best to turn warmer or cold approaches into warm approaches open with a question like james c2 would say hey your name was given to me in reference to a project i'm working on and i was wondering if i could pick your brain on some stuff right. He was a head hunter for fortune 500 companies right. Your project is electronic medical records your name was given to me by uh in reference to a project i'm working on i was wondering if i could um pick your brain about something if you had a few minutes boom that gets you in the door and now you start talking about i'm curious about something what do you currently use electrical medic electronic medical records i'm curious is there anything from your service that you're not what are you not getting from your current electronic medical records service and now they're going to start telling you all the things that they're not getting the services they'd like better and now you have an in right.

But you didn't do it by saying hey let me sell you electronic medical records you did it by asking them to be the trusted resource you did it by flipping the script on them. So to speak and positioning them as the go-to guy you may find that that works a little bit better for you um. But it'll get you in the door faster okay. Test it let me know what happens uh echo technique three magic questions is great.

But it's probably going to be used better on the gatekeepers at. First simply because the more you can befriend the obstacle the person between you and them the more access you're likely to get weight loss tips a um lower your carbs walk more get blood work done make sure you don't have any thyroid stuff going on um walk 20 minutes a day and eat lots of green vegetables i don't know what i mean weight loss tip i mean there's a massive field of weight loss tip i don't know exactly what you want to know about okay. Let's see here a chemical process are there any other shamanic methods for specific techniques you've adapted besides the breathing and state change ones present in your video courses watts. But they're all they're all an extension or a foundation in those we give you foundations.

First you know one of the more colorful members in the qigong world the guy named gary kleinman likes to say masters are made in the beginning which means mastery of the fundamentals mastery the foundations is is necessary for anything else. So these things that we keep teaching you over and over and over and over and over again yes. There's other stuff. But if you don't have a mastery of this you're not going to be able to do that other stuff right.

Finance medical equipment. So you're speaking to me and finance minute okay. Great uh warm approach and networking can lead to amazing opportunities and new connections that have little yes. Absolutely all right.

Okay. Let's see here it works really well my my friend james um was was an absolute master at that going on a diet implies an end okay. Good blue says very much thank you very much for this ama any experience or opinions and suggest i i don't have any anything i don't have any knowledge whatsoever about molecular hydrogen you know who the person to talk to without molecular hydrogen would be my wife dawn she has a phd in biochemistry. So she probably could tell you more about the applications of that than i could do i have any new face reading classes coming up soon.

Next year i believe we do i'll double check and i will post it as soon as possible um okay. Let's see here i'm new to the concept of image cycling what's the best resource start with hands-on healing by bill bankston and. Then get the energy cure also by bill bankster probably you know he's the guy who created the syst the the process i learned it from him and i've adapted it for my methods. But i always credit where my sources music marketing tips um lunatic you're gonna have to be a little bit more um helpful with your question alex says i've had a hard time relaxing my mind is always focused on growth and success what do you do to relax other than meditation and hot baths um meditation is fine.

But i think any hobby that gets you off the uh off the treadmill even for a few minutes is gonna be helpful go to a movie you know um listen to music right. Uh read a comic book. Read a novel right. Do things do things that are dramatically different from orienting on just growth and success there's a pro there's a problem that we have many times when you're a go-getter when you're someone who's focused on achievement you get into this hamster on a treadmill mode where it's all you think about and you and many times people start thinking if they're not doing something they're not being productive well you know what they call me if you don't notes and music are right.

If you have notes with no. Space in between them you know what we call that noise right. One of my other proxy mentors a guy by the name of scott in his book. On peak performance says over training feels a lot like under training and i'm as prone to that as the.

Next person. So one of the things that we have to do is we have to put the spaces between the notes and the music it's the downtime that adds power to the uptime right. Many times when you physically move away from the thing you're active in and you get your mind off of it epiphanies come out of nowhere. But we try to facilitate that process by spitting our wheels faster when in actuality what we have to do many times is just stop break that state do something completely different and come back with fresh eyes.

Okay. Uh what was what author's name hit distraction okay. Okay. Well listen guys it's 12 it's 124 i do not actually know it's 401 here it's time for me to officially jump off.

But i i want to thank you all for hanging out for asking amazing questions please like and share this video with as many different people as possible if you have ideas and questions for future content please please please let us know okay. This has been the highlight of my fourth of july weekend i want to thank you all for coming out i love you all in the awards of the immortal carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night my friends have a great fourth of july remember the only freedom we have is the one we fight for goodnight and god bless take care.
