Title: Platinum AMA Today 4:00 PM Pacific
File Name: rpHBQD1HN9s.txt
Video Id: rpHBQD1HN9s
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpHBQD1HN9s

You know hello yeah. I'm here. I'm here hello uh here well again what you uh what you do with it you understand that the elements are going to be a life study and what you do with it is based totally on your understanding of the correspondences of the element and how you apply it to what you're doing um. Elemental work is really really powerful.

But it's it's not something that a lot of people truly get uh. So. I mean what you do with it depends on on the correspondences of the application you have in mind. So if you want something that is creative you're going to focus in on the fire element and maybe the water element depending on what kind of um uh creation you're interested in uh if you want something that's a little bit more spiritual or contemplative you're going to focus on the water element if you want to do things that deal with the intellect or um hire faculties of the.

Mind you would focus on the. Air elements or the wind element and. So there's a there's a lot here and this is why. I keep telling you guys you got to go study the books.

I give you the books to study that will tell you what you need to know about the elements and. Then depending on which school of mystical practice you're engaged in those are the techniques that you use to to create specific facts you know again if you don't and here's here's the biggest piece and. I don't want to sound condescending or assholish when. I say this.

But if you don't know why you're doing something don't do it well that makes sense that makes sense. I mean. I have it you know. I've listened to your lectures and.

I've read about um the principles of the of the elements and. I mean. I. I would say.

I have a cursory understanding of what they do and what they are and what they mean and. I. I've listened to how you explain doing the breath work the corresponds to it and. I mean.

I'm getting some some superficial effect. So. I'm into that accident. I think it's up.

I'm okay. With it okay. But. I mean.

I um. Anyway those are my questions. I'm also thinking about your um your your 10-year plan oh oh. Jesus oh did.

I lose you seems like he dropped hello hello did. I lose you. I think we all. Lost.

David he'll be back sorry about that folks. I got blipped. I hate when. I get blipped flipping sucks just saying all right.

Let me see where. I'm at here meeting is now streaming live. I don't want to uh hold on a. Second.

I got. I got some.
