Title: Secret Weapons of Personal Self Defense - Dirty Rotten Tricks for Protecting Yourself
File Name: rUE_svl11OI.txt
Video Id: rUE_svl11OI
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUE_svl11OI

You guys having fun yeah hey maybe you know the problem with self-defense a lot of times is a self-defense instructors and a self-defense people we take ourselves way too freaking serious and it's not and not that we shouldn't right. The problem is is that being too serious actually slows down your learning one of the things i learned from a very very great teacher a world-class master in the martial arts man by the name of professor remy prasas the world's leading authority on the filipino. Martial arts and is really one of the people responsible for bringing the filipino. Martial arts to this country he had a very very specific methodology of training it was required for you to smile whenever you were training to be happy why because the happier you are the faster you learn and this is this is a a stressful enough topic without you know getting a lot of these instructors who are basically insecure in and of themselves and trying to you know prove that they actually know something i get people test me all the time it's all right.

You get used to it after the. First two or three years right. But my point is have fun with what you're doing because if you have fun with what you're doing. But in the back of your mind you know why you're doing it you'll learn it faster and it's something you're more likely to practice at home why because when you think about the move it feels good you have fun those feelings come back and everybody wants to feel good right.

So i feel. So pretty oh. So pretty are you. So deadly and pretty pretty deadly dead and all of a sudden your significant other will let you go you're pretty honey right.

So um you notice that there's a lot of people in the room who are of the feminine gender which is cool i told that give yourselves a big applause for coming out a lot of guys in the room which i expected. But give yourselves a round of applause. But one of the things that you'll notice between the average the average female in a room the average male in the room there's a significant height difference as george carlin called that those with superior superior height deficit vertically challenged kinds of people and. So one of the things that i want to share with you when dealing with that or learning how to train as a small person because i was a small person i am a small person i used to be much bigger around back in 2005 my my weight was 270 pounds that's amazing 270 pounds okay.

And i was really good at the martial arts and i used to proclaim to the world i'm not using strength i'm using technique well guess what i was lying. Then too i wasn't using i was using technique don't get me wrong i was using it. But i was relying on mass i was relying on a 40-pound arm to deliver a technique as opposed to something much more important technique and principle. So one of the things that i started to do from 2005 on was i started to study other martial arts.

But i was looking for a very specific kind of martial art a very specific kind of instructor a the instructor had to be less than 160 180 pounds and if they were at least five seven to five ten they were useful does that make sense and if the and if the martial art happened to have been designed by or for a woman i paid significant attention to it okay. Vast majorities for here want to stay pretty even the guys and none of us want to train to be mma fighters who have a notoriously low lifespan by the way some of us want to do combatives and things like that and that's okay. We do those things too i'm a certified instructor in combat systema it's an art specifically taught to the russian special forces and uh we do billy's been moving on for two three years four or five years now and he has a class he teaches up in oceanside now a systemic class. So we do go there.

But the vast majority of us just want to stay pretty feel good move good and know that we can we have a good chance of taking care of ourselves does that make sense. So what i'm going to share with you now is one of my little secrets not really a secret some arts have it. But they don't make it as explicit i call it the cutting board. So what i want you guys to do and one of the biggest problems that you have when you have these people with really extreme height differentials is the person the little person is always the defender is always reaching up to try and protect themselves or push the person away that's the worst thing to do against a big person it's the worst thing you can do.

So i'm going to teach you an alternative strategy to play with we call it the cutting board. So everybody take your forearm or take your arm like this and pay attention to the length of distance between your elbow the crease of your elbow and your wrist now what i want you to do is i want you to place it on your hip fold your wrist up like this now if you can imagine corners doesn't see how it kind of indicates a block or a cube turn that wrist go like this now come here i see this see how it forms the base of a cube between my shoulders my hips here i'm trying to right. Reese can i use you again i don't know for something i just like you i don't know why. So the whole idea is is everybody even taller than rhys here no.

I think john i'll probably pick on you. Next. But the whole idea the problem that we have a lot of times when we're dealing with these extreme height different is i can't reach we're going like this if we understand the cutting board principle anything that falls in my cutting board i'm allowed to attack i never reach i never distort you'll see when we get to the systema portion of today you'll see me talking you hear me talk about structure alignment and breathing i never want to distort my structure to reach him whatever's in my cutting board is what i'm allowed to attack and notice what happens when i attack what's in my cutting board i'm strong and he's not when we're doing these techniques and now i want you to target anybody who's significantly taller than you okay. [Laughter] everything we did with the hairbrush if he's too far away see how it violates my cutting board what just happened i moved my el my hair brush inside my cutting board i attacked what was there and everything else came to me pretty cool right.

I thought it was cool made my life a whole lot easier i'm all about making your life easier. So from this movement as you turn pay attention to your cutting board instead of reaching for him attack what's in your cutting board now going back to yin and yang that's the yang line see always there's a slight bend in his elbow. So this is one line this is another line see how he let's go grab tight if i push straight if i push straight it doesn't work you see if i follow the bony vector have a weak line now it doesn't mean that some big strong guy isn't going to be able to hold on to you. But it does mean that he will be weaker along that line than he will like this see how he gets strong.

But it all goes back to the cutting board concept i can cut him in this way i can cut him in this way i can cut it in this way right. Don't violate your cutting board. But that's the principle i want you to work now we have the entry okay. No.

Matter what we do we're going to do this that's it that's all you got to know he grabs me i go and let go he crashed me again he grabs me again ready sorry sorry okay. So hair brush cutting board young meridian or yang vector invector practice got it work on getting the body to fold if you start to have trouble if his body's not folding one of two things is going on you're either not operating from your hip or you've got the vector wrong make sense play with it thank you give him a big round of applause go rock and roll.
