Title: RUycQm3kgrA.txt
Video Id: RUycQm3kgrA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUycQm3kgrA

For for for [Music] for e [Music] e e e e e hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David. Snider checking in with you welcome to decoding the face uh how to read emotions and personality at a glance today we're going to be talking about one of my favorite topics which is the.

Art and. Science and there is as time goes on becoming uh more and more science available that supports this idea that certain psychological emotional and behavioral characteristics can be in fact seen uh in the markings of the face couple of things before we uh get into the administrative component. First of all. I know you're all going to have questions and.

I love questions anybody who's ever been in a in a class with me for for real knows. I love questions. But you know the more questions. I answer the more rabbit sweet.

Chase or the squirrel squirrels we. Chase. So a couple of things. First administratively if you want to get the most out of this webinar you don't have to believe belief is optional you don't have to believe anything that.

I'm about to share with you teach you talk to you about all. I want you to do is take the information go out into the world and actually put it to the test and see if these things are true in your experience now keep in mind that for every principle or trait. I give you there will be an exception to the rule remember that when we're looking at systems of behavior systems of. Personality systems of emotional profiling it's not the exceptions that we need to focus on.

First we need to look. At patterns we need to look. At how does this pattern keep recurring the majority of the time and once we have a very good idea of the patterns that we're looking with now we have the bandwidth to sort for and and process the exceptions okay. So for those of you with an.

NLP background uh we're using a meta program known as sorting for sameness. Then difference right. Now there's a lot of people out there who don't use that particular approach to parsing reality they sort for differences and if if they find anything different from what their experience is they invalidate the response. I'm going to suggest that's not the best uh the best filter for the information that.

I'm going to teach you right. Away. So if can if we can agree with that and move forward. Then you're going to get the most out of tonight's webinar tonight's webinar does have an offer attached to it.

I'll be right. Up front with you about that there's always an offer connected to every single class that we teach. But this is a class because this is a class. I am going to expect you as the students to fulfill your end of the deal and that's very very simple.

I'm going to teach you as much as. I can in the time that we have. I'm going to go as far into the material as our this medium will allow and. I will will point you in the direction of where to go to take your skills to the.

Next level is that fair that's part one is if if you feel that's fair. Then type that's fair in the chat okay. Thank you okay. Now part two of that you're here as a student right.

So your job as the student is to be as participatory in this experience as possible the way that you get the most from these classes is by being interactive if. I give you a drill or a skill to do and perform do your best to safely perform that exercise this is a face reading webinar. So there won't be a whole lot of like altered state work or overt trans work or anything like that other classes that. I do there's quite a bit and.

So it's always important that if you're going to participate in the altered state eyes. Closed portions of my other webinars that you actually do it in a way that's safe okay. That being said um let's just make sure that that uh we get some basic administrative stuff out of the way usually. I pop.

I try to pop on like a half hour 20 minutes before the actual webinar starts to kind of give you what. I call the pregame warm-up right. Which is to get all these administrative things out of the way. So we can get the most out of the training tonight.

So. First and foremost if you budgeted 90 minutes for this webinar you might want to rethink your scheduling okay. For. First and foremost um our webinars tend to run long.

So don't be surprised if we start hitting two and a half three hours depending on um where we're going with the content and that and the question becomes well okay. David why why does the webinar have to be. So long it doesn't have to be. So long it's long because we divide our webinars up into three parts the.

First part of our webinar is what we call the foundations phase this is where we lay the foundations and the principles and the the introductory skill sets and drills that you're going to need for part three of the webinar part three of the webinar is what we call the applications phase what's that mean part three is where we take all the things that we taught you in part one and we customize the content of the training to the exact applications that you as a group want to learn most about right. I always come in with uh probably for three or four our webinar. I probably have five or six days worth of material that. I could teach you okay.

And. So phase one foundations phase two. Next steps we're going to go through the offers and the programs for taking your skills to this level of cert certified practitioner home study whatever that's what phase two is about. So you're going to want to be here for phase two because there's a lot of cool things that we talk about in phase two and that that sets the stage for phase three phase three is where we pick up what we did in phase one we ask you specifically what topics you as a group want to drill down on and we cover we cover those and drill you on those for the.

Next half hour 45 minutes an hour. However long part three of of the webinar is. I'm not married to how long that that that part of the webinar goes. I try to get through phases one and two as quickly as possible.

So we can get on to your class right. And that's the whole important thing to remember is this isn't. David's class even though. I'm teaching it.

I'm guiding you through it this is your class and. So you are going to get out of it what you put into it. I'm a. I'm teacher that thrives on a lot of interactiveness right.

So that being said how many of you by a show of hands are brand new to. Planet. David this is your. First time webinar with us go ahead and type me in the chat if that's you okay.

Good excellent if you're a veteran of. Planet. David uh type in your name how long you've been in. Planet.

David and where you're checking in from for those of you who are brand new to. Planet. David go ahead and type your name and where you're checking in from as well and for my veterans. I have a special job you're my teaching assistants tonight if you see a question come up in the chat that.

I don't answer or because it's going to draw me away from the the content of tonight's webinar um. But you have experience answering it using our. Technologies by all means reach out to that person in a way that won't distract them and go ahead and answer them tell them your experience right. Everybody tell everybody expects me as the teacher and the the guy running the webinar to say hey our stuff will fix everything right.

You expect me to say that right. It's the people on the webinar right. Next to you who have been using the material for years and years and years that are the ones that have actually tested this for you right. So between them and me uh we're going to take you as far as we can in the time that we have and show you um how to take it to the.

Next level right. That being said tonight's class we'll cover some things like understanding personality traits based on facial cues. I'm going to actually teach you some things that. I've taught in other webinars.

But. I'm also going to show you. I'm going to pull the kind of curtain aside and show you a few more ways that traits can combine and stack to create more complicated personality traits we're going to teach and when you have these skills you're going to be able to gain the upper hand in communication persuasion and most types of relationships whether it's a business relationship a social relationship uh romantic relationship a platonic relationship for that matter uh you're going to teach you more about how to look. At somebody and know if they're going to be more or less sexually romantically compatible with you and a whole lot more face reading has changed the course of my life uh.

I feel very honored to be able to carry this lineage forward into the future and. I'm excited to be sharing these things with you that being said let me just point out like. I started with the beginning of this webinar belief is not necessary for anything that we're going to teach you. I don't ask you to believe anything that.

I'm teaching you what. I ask you to do is just go ahead and take the information go out and test it if it works for you keep it if it doesn't work for you find something that does is that fair does that sound like a plan uh quick shout out to all of my wonderful loving. YouTube family out there. I'm.

So excited to have you guys with us um. So for those of you. So let's go ahead and jump into the. Dr.

David dog and pony show. But before. I do remember have things to write with have things to write on be prepared to do drills or or respond to me when. I ask you to do something or say something and.

Finally um have fun be playful okay. You're going to learn some amazing things today and uh. I'm excited to share them with you that being said um covered questions we've covered uh how to get your questions answered veterans you've been assigned your job. So to speak we've said hello to our our loving.

YouTube family and uh okay. So go ahead and let's get started. So let's go ahead and start was. I what.

I lovingly call the. Dr. David dog and pony show. So for that.

I'm going to go ahead and share my screen and the. First question that people inevitably ask about face reading um. First and foremost is is this stuff even real right. Uh and who is.

Dr. David. Snider and why should. I care uh.

First and foremost. I am in fact an actual doctor of. Chinese medicine and acupuncture. I graduated from.

Pacific. College of. Oriental medicine uh back in uh actually. I got my master's degree in 2005.

I graduated from uh pcom in 2019. I just finished a. Second doctorate program on. Chinese energetic medicine which is all the stuff that was taken out of.

Chinese medicine postcommunist. Revolution. So it it was basically a doctorate of medical. Chiang and shamanic healing practices uh through the bian.

Hang. Temple here in. San. Diego or actually in uh in.

Los. Angeles. So this is a copy of my uh my doctorate from. Pacific.

College of orona. Medicine. I've had a practice in salana. Beach.

California where my specialty has been treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion uh since 2005 since. I graduated from. Acupuncture school my primary modalities have been using energetics hypnosis neural linguistic programming holographic memory resolution and. I use my training in uh.

Chinese medicine as a way to. Target the emotional underpinings of psycho emotional illness or or swi psychosomatic illness which is basically everything. I've also written over 15 different courses on various forms of human influence everything from conversation hypnosis persuasion influence conversational belief change hypnotic presentation skills therapeutic hypnosis or hypnotic language patterns for healers vibrational influence obviously many forms of body language and personality profiling in 2020. I was named the number one.

NLP trainer of the. Year by global gurus. org. I've been in the top two slot top two. Guru slot for the.

Last eight years. So. I've been uh it's been pretty consistent. I appreciate you guys keep voting for me.

So. I like that starting in 2022 actually starting in 2020. But up through 2023 the course. I created which we're going to be talking a little bit about in this training killer influence was named the number one.

NLP training program of the. Year by global gurus and we've been the number one training program uh hopefully we we'll continue that tradition in 2004. But from 2020 up to 2003 we've been the top dogs on the. Block.

So. I'm excited about that and this is from a few years ago all right. This is from 2023. I also have uh.

I'm also a career martial artist. I have a 10th degree black belt in. OK. Allen karate in.

Ruki. Kempo. I have a fourth degree black belt in. Shaolin.

Kunal. Second degree black belt in kosho. Karu. First degree black belt in fan.

Kuru. Jiu-Jitsu now some people when they start seeing me list these these martial arts degrees they say what the heck does this happen to do with face reading well believe it or not uh the art that. I have my 10th degree in. Ruku.

Kempo is an art that's special it has two martial arts within it one is called kho. Jitsu the other is called. Tu. Jitsu and both of those.

Arts deal with how to manipulate the acupuncture points meridians and energetics of the human body based on movements hidden in traditional martial arts forms and one of the. First things. I was taught when. I got to a certain black belt level is.

I was taught how to look. At people's faces and body types to determine where their energy was the strongest. So. I would know how to defend myself or attack those areas if.

I needed to. So ironically the very. First place that. I was ever exposed to face reading was in the martial arts many many years before.

I walked into an actual. Chinese medical face reading class. I'm also a certified instructor in comat. Systema.

Sosa and modern. Ares. I have a basic instructor under the founder. Grandmaster.

Remy prau the late. Grandmaster. Remy prau. I've also have probably more energy healing credentials than.

McDonald sells hamburgers. I've been a raiki master and teacher since before raiki was cool back in the early 90s um. I've been. I've been doing cabala almost as long as raiki uh before.

Madonna even heard of cabala. So. I'm very much a primadonna uh. I'm.

Advanced certifications in as a pronic. Healer chronic psychotherapist. I'm. Advanced.

DNA. Theta healing practitioner. I am certified in the bangston energy healing method and like. I said before.

I have a. I just got my. Second doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine which is medical chiong and shamanic healing practices that were taught prior to the.

Communist takeover um and when they sanitized a lot of what was going on in true. Oriental medicine. So. I'm very excited and honored to have been exposed to these things and.

I love the fact that. I could get to share them with you right. Now when you look. At.

David's curriculum or when you look. At. David's. CV you know some people are looking at that might say okay.

David. So why why are you showing me this if this class is about face reading and it's because what what all these things have in common and it can be summed up in two words pattern recognition you see everything people do has a structure to it everything people think feel um every emotion that they manage has a structure and a mechanic to it and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can ex you can recognize those patterns and predict what's most likely to happen you can interrupt those patterns and change the direction of behavior or you can completely rewrite the pattern right. So there's lots of things that being able to recognize pattern and if you want to go meta to every single discipline.

I've studied from the. Oriental medicine to the martial arts to the neural linguistic progamming every single one of these disciplines is about some form of pattern recognition and if you get enough of these systems under your belt after a while you start to realize something else that a lot of these patterns are the same okay. And. So what does pattern recognition have to do with face reading and reading faces pretty much everything okay.

And hold on a. Second while. I just do that and. So let's go on.

So is this class for you. I'm going to ask you guys a bunch of questions. I want you to type in yes. If the answer is to you all right.

You guys ready how many of you actually would like to be able to like get snapshots into people's personalities and emotional un emotional health things of that nature would that be something you'd be interested in learning how to do yes. Or yes. Cool right. Uh how many of you would be interested in um finding finding a better mate or improving the relationships with your mate by just being able to look.

At their face and knowing what you're likely to run into would that be something you'd be interested in how many of you just for fun would like to be like the most fascinating person in the room everywhere you go would that be would that be fun all right. So. I'm. GNA.

I'm just. GNA. I'm just going to come out and say this right. Back beware of what you ask for because the moment that you start reading faces you won't be able to get out of a room okay.

Um there's a lot of amazingly cool things that happen as a byproduct of face reading um how many of you would like to be able to just banish fear and insecurity from your life move through the world being more confident and assertive and and and feeling more powerful would that be something you guys would be interested in okay. Cool um how many of you would like to make more money book. More clients for your business get that razor promotion you know you deserve would that be something that might be helpful you think if you knew. So if you could get a snapshot into somebody's personality and how they make decisions that you might be able to maybe modify how you present yourself to be more effective cool how many of you would like to be able to inspire your employees your children or your spouse to do whatever you want them to do when you want them to do it okay.

How many uh. I'm really curious about something how many um how many coaches or therapists or people who work with people in that in in that kind of a context do we have just type it in the chat okay. Excellent how many salese or or managers do we have entrepreneurs right. There has not been a single place in my life and.

I'm. I'm being very straightforward with you there's not been a single place in my life where this skill set has not helped me right. How many of you have ever dated the same person with a different face and would like to avoid that in the future all right. You're in the right.

Place right. If you answered yes. To two or more of these questions you're going to want to get everything that we're offering you on this webinar okay. All right.

So here's my personal promise to you if you stay until the end of the web the webinar today. I'm. I'm going to teach you the most powerful method for speed reading and profiling personality behavior that has stood the test of time literally 2 200 years of testing and and correlations and corroborations it's really cool right. If.

I'm going to teach you how to understand personality and temperament in a way that most people never do. I want to show you how to look. At somebody and have a pretty good idea really really quick if their baggage is going to become your problem right. How to track and understand a person's trauma history now if you're a therapist or a coach this is like literally like hacking their brain and looking at the emotions that they've repressed and and are running away from and that shit's going to come up in your sessions.

I'm. I'm sorry. I'm just gonna. I'm just going to be very upfront and by the way here's my my.

Second disclaimer uh if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your. Next 180 minutes or.

So okay. My intention is never ever ever ever to offend anyone. But my presentation style the topics. I talk about and the way.

I talk about them often provoke people in a in an emotional way. So my my advice to you is that as we're going through this webinar you find yourself having an extreme or an excessive emotional response to anything that. I'm talking about or anything that. I say the.

First thing. I want you to do is get a piece of paper out draw a little stick figure and circle where on that stick figure the feelings that come up are on your body because if you can point to where you feel it you can change it this is going to be very very true when we show you the other side of face reading which. I wasn't taught. I had to add it to face reading which is how do we fix what we find in other words if.

I've got someone who's got a huge amount of repressed emotional grief and sorrow how do. I start to alleviate that how do. I start to get to bring that up. So that.

I can help them process it. So for those of you who are therapists or parents um or even with your spouse which by the way. I never recommend doing therapy on your on or with your spouse unless you have absolutely no. Choice there's too many boundary issues that come up with that.

But sometimes work needs to be done and you're the only one that can do it or that they're willing to let you do it with and in those cases. You' got to know how to how to follow that right. How many of you if. I'm going to teach you how to read personality and temperament on the face.

I'm going to go actually deeper a little bit uh into personality and temperament than. I would ever normally go in a webinar or even in uh my face reading for fund and profit level one class there are more advanced ways of stacking traits or clusters of traits that come together to to create uh more. I don't want to say complex. But more varied emotional responses.

So we'll talk a little bit about those things in part part three of the webinar. I want to teach you. Finally how to become a master of people reading and human influence. So that you can move your life and the needle of your life in the direction you want to go does that sound like a plan does that sound like something everybody would be on board with yes.

Or yes. As as. T harder would say. Okay.

Cool. So let me go ahead and jump into um a different. Power note. I'm actually going to go into a a one note now and uh let me do this okay.

So unlike some of my other webinars this is a a a program or a class that is very very. Graphics dependent. So what you're seeing here on my one note is two things a the beautiful young woman to the left of the the weird dotted face is my teacher uh this is. Lillian.

Pearl. Bridges she inherited her the reading system that. I'm going to be sharing with you uh through her family uh she passed away in. I think it was 2020 or 2021 um and.

Then she left a lot of students behind and people are trying some of my classmates and stuff are trying very hard to move that lineage forward uh because that's what she wanted more than anything else she truly wanted this information to get out to the public she had a tremendous fascination with human psychology uh she's an author of the book. Face reading in. Chinese medicine medicine from which much of this information is drawn not all. But much um the the picture immediately to her right.

Or maybe to your left is a picture from a very very old. Chinese medicine book. The book. Itself was over 2500 years old this was the.

Second page of that book. And this is all about how to read the face the different parts of the face what they mean in terms of what the organs what going on with the organs what's going on with emotions what's going on with the personality uh their. Fortune. I was.

I'm very very grateful to have trained with. Lillian and. I'll and. I'll.

I'll share. I'll share why with you um. I'll just be very upfront. I have once.

I started getting into face reading um. I started. St. I started started discovering something really interesting is that much of face reading is locked in the what we call the batza or the.

Fortune the. Chinese divination or fortunetelling side of the world it's more it's more into the metaphysics the other place that. Chinese face reading is is seen heavily is in. Chinese medical diagnosis and it's very very powerful in terms of being able.

I can look. At your face and. I can look. I know how your organs what's going on with your heart your lungs your kidney your stomach your spleen your intestines.

I can see all of that from the markings on your face and lilan in in her. Infinite. Wisdom decided that people needed to understand not are you going to be wealthy not are you going to have a lot of children not are you gonna um have good luck in life although those things are definitely a part of the the more metaphysical side of. Chinese face reading she wanted people to understand the.

Chinese. Medical. Diagnostic side in terms of the physical health. But she wanted to take it further she said each of these organ systems has a series of emotions and personality characteristics connected to those systems and they're very very accurate and they're very very reliable and.

So that was her. Focus her. Focus was on bringing those aspects out into the mainstream as best she could and bringing the science that supports it with her she could literally look. At your face and and give you an approximation of your.

Myers. Briggs profile she was that good there were at least two three-letter agencies that were trying to recruit her and as. I study all these different face reading systems. I become more and more grateful that.

I had the teacher. I had because she was able to teach me exactly the things that are most relevant to you because they're relevant to me and that's understanding personality. Behavior patterns of of of thought and understanding emotional repression things of that nature these are all things that are going to change how people respond to certain types of stimuli and they're literally as plain as the nose on your face right. But there's no.

Guesswork here really what we're looking at is a science that's over that's a 2500 year old observational science a lot of people try to confuse what we're doing here with an art called um phenology which was complete hogwash this is not this is something that. I can if you have a thyroid issue. I can look. At your face and with a high degree of probability find the markings right.

So there's a lot of that that goes into what we're doing like. I said. I don't need you to believe it. I just need you to do it okay.

That being said said what is possible with face reading well we've already talked about the things that we can do with it face reading by takes a lot of guesswork out of communication when. I look. At somebody let me ask you a question if you could look. At somebody and know how they make decisions what kind of information they want.

First what kind of information they want. Second what kind of information they want. Third do you think that that would help you present your project service offer in a way that they were more likely to say yes. To would that do you think that might work type in the chat yes.

Yes. No. No. Okay.

Yeah okay. Good and again. I know some of these questions are like duh. David why that's why.

I'm here. But. I want to make sure that we're our head's in the right. Place okay.

So let's talk about that let's talk about uh several aspects of the face that we all need to understand we can look. At the face from a very very. Global meta perspective and we can keep chunking down. So how do we where where do we start a every head shape tells a story.

But lilan never placed a lot of emphasis in her readings on the shape of the head she considered the the shape of a person's head to be like the frame of the picture it can enhance or detract from the picture itself. But it's not the picture right. The real magic the real. Masterpiece the tapestry of human personality is in the smaller pieces within the frame and.

So that. First thing we're gonna when you come to like face reading for. Fun and. Profit level one we're going to teach you a 90.

Second facial profiling system where we can literally go from the hairline to the to the chin line in 90 seconds and create a complete profile right. There's two types of profiling that we're gonna we're going to talk about in this webinar and that we teach in. Planet. David the.

First one is called passive profiling that's what this webinar is about and that's based on a lifetime of micro. Expressions uh emotional management or as as is often the case with other human beings emotional mismanagement see a lot of human beings are taught emotional management using that term. But they're what they're the mechanics of what they're actually taught is emotional repression and. So you'll be be able to look.

At somebody's face and very very clearly see the behavioral components of who they are and what they do as well as the emotional components of who they are and what they do the way we start that process is by understanding how to divide the head. So. First two divisions we want to talk about is public face versus private face public face versus private face how many people recognize that they are very different people when they're at work or when they're at a nightclub or when they're at church compared to when they're at home how many people have noticed that yes. Or yes.

Okay. So here's the. First division we're going to make when it comes to looking at a person's masks. The.

Mask they're showing the world the right. Side of a person's face is considered to be their public face. So you this is my right. Hand this is my right.

Face this is my public face okay. This is my left hand this is my left face okay. When we look. At a person's face because most people are right.

Eyed dominant we tend to look. At both sides of their face with the same eye and. So we often miss subtle differences between the right. Side of the face and the left side of the face okay.

So when we look. At these faces when we look. At. Public public versus private what are we looking for.

First thing we're looking for is symmetry how symmetrical are the faces right. Is my right. Eyebrow the same as my left eyebrow is my right. Eye the same as my left eye and if not how are they different now in general when we look.

At lines and wrinkles and features the longer and deeper the line the older and stronger the emotional charge or series of memories connected to it there are let me say that again right. Side of the face is your public face left side of your face is the private face we. First thing we look. For when we're when we're gauging a face we look.

Through our left eye at their right. Their left side of their face and we use our left eye or our non-dominant eye as much as possible it's probably the best. R of thumb okay. I'm looking for symmetry how closely does the right.

Side of my face match the left side of my face is one feature higher on one side than the other are the wrinkles deeper or longer or maybe even non-existent on one side versus the other the. First thing we look. At is symmetry okay. As a rule the longer the the line the the deeper the line line the older it is and the more energy is locked in the system in that area okay.

You guys with me. So far uh in your own way type into the chat the things. I just told you in in just a bullet point form. So.

I can see that you're with me okay. Stella is asking why is it better to use the non-dominant eye. I believe and if. I remember um lilan uh showing me uh remember that your left eye is controlled by your right.

Hemisphere your right. Hemisphere is the part of you that really takes things at a holistic um level and it can and and grasp things more intuitively and. So my belief is that hemispheric hemispheric uh usage or hemispheric domination dominance takes a place in that okay. So when we look.

At the face we can look. At the shape. But really what we're looking at is the right. Side versus the left side we're looking for asymmetry we're looking for lines length and depth okay.

Now as as we start to flesh out this map you'll start to be able to add more and more distinctions to your ability to read faces okay. You guys with me. So far okay. Tana said saying check symmetry right.

Side can be different than the left side in fact most of your right. Most of you with very few exceptions your right. Side will be different from your left side if you get one of those apps on your iPhone that will take your right. The right.

Side of your face or left side of your face and impose two left sides together you will see a radically different person and those are two very very powerful. But distinct aspects to your identity uh the one. I used to use was called faces or facer um. But that's very old.

I don't know what's out there now. But if you type face reading apps or something like that on your on your iPhone you can probably get it. So. Julie's asking does this formula change if.

You' had an accident that changes the face um the formula doesn't change. But the behavioral traits that are expressed do okay. Uh one of the things that my teacher and a story my teacher told me once she had a she had a student who had this massive massive um chromagnon level job and he was like the football player uh at his high school he was being recruited like they were going to like try and. Skip college ball with him this guy was.

So good and um for graduation his mom went and got him plastic surgery because you know he was very very he was a great football player. But he was super self-conscious about the size of his jaw and as soon as he got the surgery when he went back to play he lost his ability to play football. So it's it's actually not not uncommon for personalities to modify in some way when you modify the facial traits that seems to be more more consistent when you remove something from the from the system rather than when you add something like. I have not.

Botox. I would never recommend you do. Anyway because whoever thought it was a good idea to inject neurotoxins into a into anything in the human body was not thinking about your health. But that that be that as it may um.

But the idea is the bone in your body is related to a concept in. Chinese medicine known as. Jing. Jing is the physical and material substance and potential of your body and it's very very very difficult in fact postcommunist uh.

Chinese medicine says that once that. Jing is gone you can't get it back pre-communist. Chinese medicine has some very very secret methods for rebuilding. Jan right.

But it takes a long time and it takes a lot of work okay. So the idea that when you go in and you remove some of that that energy from the system it's going to change things right. That being said. I will tell you this for those of you who really get on this face reading train you're going to experience some weird stuff one of the weirdest things being is when you actually start to unpack features in their face and you successfully resolve it their face will change you'll see noses get longer cheekbones will pop out brow bones will get bigger some features will shrink um it's it's it's crazy um neam says uh.

I've seen that yeah very good and it happened it happened at a regression class uh two weeks ago where we literally. I brought a lady up her face looked one way we through this really intense regression program and everybody uh in the room says her face is different from when she got in the chair and when she got out yes. Fact some of the the the the more advanced face readers that. I trained with they're in their 70s and they look.

Like they're 40 because the wrinkles are all gone they were they look. 20 or 30 years younger after being in the discipline than they were when they started okay. So that being said. So are we good all right.

So let's look. Back at decisions. So when we look. At a person's face we can also divide we can also divide things up not just right.

And left. But we can divide the face into three zones. So. I have a picture of myself here.

So this. Zone here that you see from the about the eyebrow to the top of the head is known as the upper. Zone. The.

Zone from the eyebrows to the base of the filtrum is your middle. Zone and. Then from your chin line to the filtrum itself is your lower. Zone okay.

So each of those zones of the face tells you something about that person it will tell you when they're taking in information when they're moving through the world what kind of information they're going to look. For. First what kind of information they're going to look. For.

Second what kind of information they going to look. For. Third and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear it will tell you exactly the sequence you need to speak to them in.

So they'll to tend to be. So they'll take the information that you want and make the decision you want them to make. So that's where we're going to go. Next remember.

I said if we could look. At somebody and know how they make decisions would that be useful. So that's where we're going we good type in the chat if you're with me. So.

Tana says. I want to print a blank face page where can. I find it. So.

I can take notes while you speak well. I'm glad you asked hold on a. Second all right. Uh.

So we talked about social. Mass public versus private you guys. I see this okay. So this is what we just talked about in terms of public and private this is decisionmaking.

So this girl is far more pretty than. I am. So we'll use we'll focus on her face the. First thing we're want to talk about is what is known as the heaven.

Zone in. Chinese medicine or in. Chinese face reading this. Zone pertains oops okay.

Apparently. I'm not allowed to hopefully you guys are still with me because. I think my my thing just locked up all right. Nuts e e e hey everybody it's.

Mia here at. NLP power. I know that. David's rebooting right.

Now. But in the meantime. I would love to know a little more about what your questions are when it comes to decoding the face what are you seeing when you look. In the mirror um let's queue it up.

So that when he comes back we have a ton of uh uh. Trails for him to to wander down e. So looks like this chat is really really popping off here. Brad sees a handsome 29-year-old guy with with facial hair and 80 years of experience amazing thank you.

Brad yeah this comes up a lot uh another question that comes up a lot is is um you know in places like. Los. Angeles or whatever when people get a lot of plastic surgery um how does that affect how you face ra um that that also does come up hey this is moss with. NLP power also jumping in for minute while.

David's rebooting. So other questions that are seen is that there he is the man the. The. Legend all right.

Hold on a. Second guys reboot the computer. Apparently one note and zoom have some kind of incompatibility if. I try to if.

I try to draw or annotate on my one note while. I'm using. Zoom at least with the with this particular one note it just locks up on me. I don't know why that is.

So. I'm going to do my best to to work around this all right. So let's go back to screen sharing um. I just got to make sure that um my.

YouTubers are back give me a sec to make sure. I haven't lost my. YouTube family all right. Looks like they're back okay.

Good. So. Scott. Davis is asking what are the best practice observations from face reading.

I'll tell you what. I like um if you understand behavioral profiling um you can look. At things like people you can have them talk about issues one of the things that's going to happen to you um as you study face reading people are going to become far more emotionally responsive and reactive to the things you say and do especially when you start talking about the markings you see on the face this is a a quickening or an acceleration that seems to happen uh as a byproduct of face reading training uh you become a as. I tell my um as.

I tell my uh my hypnosis and and regression therapy students you become an. AB reaction magnet people will just start to vom um guys. I love your questions. But remember we have.

I have a program to follow keep your questions there will be a time in part three where. I'm going to. I'm going to take all of your questions and we'll we'll we'll drill down. So let me go ahead and go back to decision making oh.

Scott the other thing. I wanted to say um this is something. I used to do for quite a while can't quite do it as well now uh because nobody writes anymore. But handwriting analysis.

A lot of the traits and the zones of handwriting analysis specifically the system taught by. Bart bagot have tremendous crossover and correlation to the three zones that we're talking about in fact if you if you understand. BART system and you look. At these three zones there's a onetoone correlation you'll see it um and.

Then there's other things about the shapes of faces are facial traits that actually correspond to certain. Loop letters and things of that nature. Bart baggot. B- a g.

TT baggot he runs uh for those of you who are interested in that handwriting university.com. Tom. David sent you okay. Um for before.

I learned fa reading uh graphical analysis that taught by by. Bart was my go-to uh and it's still it's still a great great tool the problem is is that nobody writes anymore and. So it's not quite as useful as it used to be all right. You guys ready to move on yes.

Or yes. By the way. Moss is waiting in the wings uh me is waiting in the wings if by some reason my computer locks up again just hang out. I'll be back.

I promise you uh when the replay goes live. I will do my best to edit out those dead spots. But um that's what we've got going on okay. Cool all right.

So let's try this again. I always get nervous now when. I have to go and share my screen. I think.

I'm good as long as. I don't try to write try to outline something on this screen. I think. I'm good we'll see all right.

So let me make this bigger all right. So the the upper. Zone here is your. Heaven.

Zone people who are very datadriven they're their upper. Zone this area here will be much higher much bigger than the rest of the zones these people love numbers they love data they love spreadsheets um. But don't think it's just about math these people love any form of information that they can get their hands on. So if you go to somebody and they have this huge upper.

Zone and you start talking about how they're going to love something or how it's going to make their life easier they're going to look. At you and say show me they're going to say prove it where's your data right. They're. G to want all the information give me all the information on you have it and.

I'll make a decision right. So one of the ways that you can test this is if how many of you uh live near like a u a. Tech campus like an a. Qualcomm or.

Apple or. Google or or something like place where a lot of programming and a lot of thinking goes on okay. What. I want you to do is.

I want you to go to the the the most. Egghead part of the campus at lunchtime right. And. I want you to count the foreheads and notice the proportions of the forehead to the rest of the faces in the vast majority of people in that occupation you will see a much higher upper zone now by the way this does not correspond necessarily to intelligence.

But desire for data right. Go to your local. MMA gym or a. CrossFit gym or um a football practice right.

Um extreme athletes things of that nature look. At the forehead look. At the brow bone look. At the jaw in the vast majority of those super athletic practices you will see a very developed.

Jawbone and use your very prominent eyebrow. Ridge okay. Doesn't mean they're stupid it means that these people experience the world through their physicality through their gut feelings okay. Samantha says.

I was always teased for my five head not sure what that means. But. I'll take your word for it. Samantha all right.

So if. I go to somebody now now let's think about this let's think about this like a profiler now if. I have a project and. I need to present to somebody and.

I have a big forehead. But the person. I'm presenting to oh five oh. I get it now okay.

I was a little slow and. But the person. I'm presenting to as a really big lower. Zone what's likely to happen think about it for a moment they'll check out right.

Why because you're not it's like it's like. NLP and um certain. Love. Languages and things like that we relate to the world through our dominant modalities if.

I relate to the world through my gut feelings my emotions my instincts and my drives and you're presenting data to me a. I have to work hard to translate that that's going to give me less than positive body feeling and that's going to that's going to change my reticular activating system and. I'm going to have a less than in many cases. I'm.

GNA have a less than positive response to what you're presenting. But if. I have the awareness to look. At what.

I'm doing right. Then. I can start to change how. I present okay.

One of the things you'll discover is that friends become friends with people because they have certain physical traits in common not necessarily skin color. But a lot of people will have similar jawbones or cheekbones similar foreheads there'll be one or two traits that are very very similar okay. One of the things that. Lillian taught us and she showed us this in our.

First day of face reading in the. First few pages of her book. She would show photographs of couples who got married 30 40 50 years ago when they. First got together and.

Then she would show you the same couple 50 years. Later and they look. Like brother and sister right. How many people have ever seen somebody who looks like their dog right.

How does that work it works through. Rapport right. It works through. Rapport okay.

Um it's a very bizarre thing it gets a little on the woo side. But it's more it's more. Quantum and holographic than it is metaphysics right. You're nothing.

But light. Anyway according to quantum mechanics and quantum physics. So if your angle of refraction changes which is your emotional density. Then the way light behaves when it interacts with your system changes and you look.

Different right. It's it's actually pretty cool all right. So let's finish this up. So we can get into the more practical applications of this the.

Next. Zone. I want to talk about. I'm going to use.

The annotation function here and see if that helps us the. Next. Zone. I want to talk about is this middle.

Zone here this middle zone is actually one of the things that can kind of save our butts if we're go like say you're a highly data driven person in other words you got a super large upper. Zone here right. And you're dealing with somebody who's got a super large middle. Zone one of the ways that you can kind of save yourself is by talking about things in terms of the middle.

Zone the middle zone is your your practical. Zone it's your pragmatic. Zone it's the part of you that wants to know how is this going to make my life easier what's this going to do for me right. So when you look.

At somebody we want to know the. First thing is we want to figure out what's the dominant zone is it the the upper. Zone the middle zone or the lower. Zone what's the.

Second dominant. Zone upper middle or lower what's the. Third that's going to give you a sequence. So let's say we're talking to somebody who has a very they have like a diamond shaped face which generally speaking has a very pronounced middle zone right.

Let me erase this right. They have a very pronounced middle zone. So this. Zone becomes my one or actually no.

Let's let's let's make it simpler because if. I start changing it you're going to get confused. So my biggest. Zone that.

I when. I look. At them the. First.

Zone. I notied that's really big is their middle. Zone right. I look.

At them. Then the. Next thing. I notice is the.

Next zone is is here right. And. Then their. La their smallest zone is here that tells me that their code or the the sequence.

I need to give them information in on a. Second is um 231 two 3 one oops wow that's not working out real well okay. Pardon me two three one what does that mean that means. I have to talk about the.

Practical benefits. Then. I have to talk about how they're going to love it and. Then.

I have to give them the data that supports my claims. But what if what if there a one two three right. What if they're one two3 well what does that mean it means they parse the data they look. At the.

Practical applications and. Then they get a feeling about it well. Then. I have to do exactly that.

I have to give them all the data point out the. Practical applications and tell them how much they are going to love it and to follow instincts you guys see what. I'm doing here yes. Or yes.

Right. So. I can look. At somebody if.

I'm if. I'm just getting the basics. I can look. At somebody see what their dominant zone is and.

I can present just to that and. I could. I'll probably get a pretty significant shift in their openness to my presentation. But the more perfectly.

I can match all three zones the more perfectly they're going. I'm going to follow their decision-making pattern okay. So pseudonymous is asking uh what if they're equal great question these people with balance zones usually have a hard time making decisions because the three zones are are kind of battling for dominance. But one zone will usually predominate my recommendation is to if you see somebody who's really really balanced right.

Always start with the practicals or always start a little bit with with data and jump right. Into the. Practical. Zone because you'll be able to tell right.

From the. First few seconds what direction they're going to lean now remember this is primarily if they're. Bal if they're really really balanced right. Um because someone who's pragat who's data driven.

But you start with the pragmatic. So either they're going to ask you we show me show me the proof or show me the data right. Show me the results prove it. So somebody who's more instinctive driven is going to listen to the the the.

Practical side of things oh. I like that tell me more right. And now you can you can fit better. So.

I'm always a good. I've always found it's a good idea if you don't if you can't measure their zones start with something that everybody can agree on there's just something they wanted to do for them and unpack that and see what direction they lean and follow that line of questioning or inquiry usually one of those zones is going to be pretty fairly um yes. Keith say you're cracking their coat yes. Now here's the other thing about this those can change depending on lifestyle changes if you've got somebody who is very athletic right.

Super bodybuilder you know crossfitter whatever and for some strange reason they walk away from that and go start working for a. PhD you'll start to see the zones shift. I can't tell you how much they'll shift. But the the person they are at the beginning of school will be different from the person they are at the end of school it's kind of interesting to watch that transformation take place okay.

Is this useful yes. Or yes. Cool all right. So.

Next thing. I want. So we've talked about let's. I'm going to use my face right.

Here just. So. I don't get knocked out m m says that's scary oh it gets scarier if if this is scary way do you see what's coming now. I gotta warn you.

I gotta warn you once you're trained in this. I mean really trained like certified level trained you can't unsee this stuff. So you're going to have to be careful a who you tell that you read faces and. B just because you see something doesn't mean you say something let me repeat that two more times it's very easy to weaponize this material just because you see something doesn't obligate you to say something and the people you should not be saying things too regardless of what you see are people under the age of 18 and and the reason that.

I was told that what. I was taught that by my teacher. Lillian is because people at that age. First of all when when you start reading people's faces they become hypers suggestible to you.

I have never. I've. I've rarely seen such a powerful hypnotic amplifier and. Charisma.

Builder than face reading and it will give you tremendous tremendous psychoemotional leverage over another human being you have to handle that with respect because of the amplification of suggestibility because it creates a very vulnerable state in a person you have to be careful who you say it to and how you say it because it can be installed like a suggestion. So. I was taught never never read children under the age of 18 because they take what you especially if you're a parent or authority figure they take what you say at face value no. Pun intended and they they actually it becomes a program right.

Let's do it one more thing we're going to start on emotions and we'll move through that as quickly as we can and. Then. I'm going to move into phase two of the webinar uh we talk about how to you can become a certified practitioner in face reading and how you can integrate these things into your practice into your into your management team into your personal business coaching whatever that is that fair is that cool can we do that. I'm always studying something is my head going to get too long on the top like a wizard maybe it's more likely going to be your forehead okay.

All right. So let's go to emotions in the face this is one of my favorite. Maps when. I was introduced to face reading there was.

So much. Chinese medicine involved that. I. I really struggled to figure out how to make this practical for you guys uh and.

So. I actually wind up creating two separate uh systems for face reading one is the classical. Five. Element ching and.

Ling based system that. I learned from. Lillian. Shen based uh and the.

Next the other one. I developed uh for. Western audiences people who don't have any clue about. Five.

Element. Theory. Ching sheni or. Jing or any of that.

So they go out and use this to repas it. So we look. At this we're going to do this in groups of five. Okay.

So. First and foremost let me annotate. So let's start with the. I the.

I and specifically the eyebrow when you see lines that start at the center point of the eyebrow and move laterally you're dealing with the trait of skepticism now when you're reading people's faces and you see these skepticism lines there's several ways you can approach this. I would never walk up to somebody with skepticism lines and say you're a skeptical mofo right. I wouldn't do that what. I would do is.

I would soften the statement and. I would turn the statement into a question. So. I might say something like you know you have the most amazing eyes.

And. I've noticed that there's this marking right. Above the center point of your eyebrow that moves to the right. And what.

I've discovered is that people with those those particular markings or that particular line are very very evidence-driven they're very they they tend to move through the world with a a kind of a skeptical show me show me the proof kind of an energy would that be true for you and when you when you phrase it that way you'll get a lot more people volunteering information than becoming defensive because one of the things that happen. Happ s if you go up to somebody and say you're a skeptical some people will take offense to that some people will get reactant or and and and go into denial even though it's true right. Because they're very private individuals. So.

I found that if you're going to do readings with people and this is also true when you're doing like conversational belief change and reframing and stuff like that which is one of the primary ways that you unpack this stuff by the way and and change it is through reframing um it's always better to frame things as a question that their brain has to fill in the answer for. Then just give them a direct statement okay. So when you see a line that moves from the center outward of the eyebrow towards the lateral side of the face you're dealing with skepticism now many of you have lines that start at the outer canthus of the of the outer corner of the eye and. Trace upward these are.

Joy lines these are people who've experienced a high level of joy and happiness in their life. But they've also experienced in many cases a lot of excitement some of which they may or may not have fully processed yet now in. Chinese medicine they'll talk about virtues passions and toxic emotions or um uh internal pathogens and external pathogens and you if you look. At a a map of of.

Chinese pathogenic emotions you'll see the word. Joy. But the term joy as we. Define it in the.

West is different right. Well actually you're not wrong niia uh and. I'm going to talk about that in just a moment there's two kinds of. Joy there's there's a healthy.

Joy which is kind of like a peacefulness or a comfort that resides in the heart. But the joy the pathological joy that the. Chinese systems are talking about the. Asian systems are talking about is more like.

Mania excitement think like winning the lottery level excitement right. Think of somebody who's up at 3:00 in the morning texting right. And. So what you'll see in people who are pathologically are at the manic depressive or the borderline area they have strong manic.

Tendencies you're going to see that line go up past it's going to go up past the eyebrow. So if you look. At the map if you go directly across from. Joy you'll see the line same line.

But now it's traveling beyond the eyebrow you guys see that it's traveling beyond the eyebrow when you see this line if they're if you're in a relationship with these people or you're about to get into a relationship with these people you better hang on right. Um if you're a therapist and you see these lines and their new clients realize that you're you're dealing with somebody who have may have a high degree of manic behavior okay. Again. I'm not going to try and.

I'm not giving you the ability to diagnose through a. Western. Medical sense. But in.

Chinese medicine this would indicate a lot of heart fire which is usually uh or. Shen disturbance which is usually a psychoemotional uh imbalance okay. So. Joy healthy.

Joy unhealthy. Joy you guys with me. So far you look. Get my.

Chat. N says. David this is [Laughter] freaky well again it's it's real and sometimes when we're given access to something like this and it corroborates. So many of our experiences it's it's it can be very surreal.

So. I understand where that's coming from all right. The. Next line we want to look.

At starts at the same place as a joy line. But now it travels down and there's three degrees of sadness. So we've got sadness we've got sorrow. I'm sorry um yeah and we've got grief now for those of you who see clients many times when you see these long lines going down the face there'll oftentimes be lung issues they'll have asthma they'll have um uh.

COPD allergies and when you you start to to process their emotions a lot of times their asthma symptoms will kick up and. Then they'll go away or or conversely um if you start to work on the. The. Asthma itself they'll start to cry or their breathing pattern will change to a grief or sorrow pattern okay.

Okay. So. Samantha is asking the question uh if. I'm not smiling.

I don't see any eyelines. But plenty when. I do which is correct both are correct um got to remember that the the emotion lines that we're looking at are the consequence of a lifetime of. Expressions okay.

Most of us will have some of these lines present when we're not making an expression which shows that you've done a lot of it other times these markings will only appear when you're making a specific expression the lines that are the most telling for us are the ones that are present when you're not contorting your facial muscles when you're not making a specific expression okay. Um. But many times when when people go into like emotional the only word. I have is abreaction.

But an emotional a strong emotional expression lines will appear that are hidden it's pretty interesting. But it that you. But what. I look.

For when. I'm reading faces. I look. For what's there when they're not making a specific expression when they're not laughing when they're not crying when they're not um being frustrated.

I'm looking for a baseline. And if the lines are still there. Then. I know what emotional expressions or lack of emotional expression they're they're engaging in right.

So again everything starts with a. Baseline and. Then you can look. At other things from there um the.

Next element. I want to talk about is also connected to this emotion of loss. But this is called a lost love line and this line starts at the inner canthus it travels down through the cheek and can sometimes meet up with the grief line now. I've seen this line manifest two different ways.

I've seen it manifest exactly like. I see here. But. I've also seen it manifest where it starts at the inner canthus travels across to the sadness or sorrow line and.

Then. Works its way down the cheek now let's talk about this line because this is one that is not. NE is there's a little bit more to it. So when you see this lost.

Love. Line. This usually indicates someone or something uh something that this person has lost now. Sadness and.

Sorrow is related to loss too the primary difference that my teacher taught me was when you are born into this into this reality when you take on this body your spirit comes into your body and you have a set of spiritual missions that you are here to fulfill the. Dallas call that your. Ming or your golden path right. And and if you're a coach or a therapist you've all had people come in and go.

I know. I'm supposed to do something with this life. I just got to figure out what it is right. That's that inner call for your to fulfill the destiny the spiritual mission that you came into and when you come in with that mission you intentionally choose a body a set of parents and a specific set of relationships that you're going to encounter to move that needle forward when you're moving through the and and because you chose that body that body will have specific talents loves skills weaknesses and sensitivities that are unique to allow you to either overcome or to move you forward to fulfill your mission.

So you may come in with something that is in alignment with who you came here to be and every time you do that activity your heart just opens up and you it's all unicorns and. Rainbow let me ask you guys a question is it has there when you were young was there an activity that every time you got a chance to do it you were all over it like it just made your heart sing for no. Other reason than you got to do it it was like your reason for being type in the chat if you've ever had that okay. Okay.

So what happens is whenever we. ENC whenever we lose the ability to have that experience doesn't have to be a person. But that experience or that activity or that thing that made our heart sing if we lose the ability to do it if it's taken from us in some way will. Mark with a line like that and.

So one of the most therapeutic and healing things that you can do with a client when you see that line is help them. ReDiscover their purpose and reclaim that thing that was taken from them or in some way help them resolve that that's what that line indicates and that's why it it it's it's a loss. But it's a deep internal loss and they need to find a way to get that back in some way or or at the very least be at peace with it does that does that make sense does that resonate with a bunch of you guys now. I'm seeing.

I'm seeing a certain. Behavior starting to manifest and it's almost how many you ever been in a psychology class right. When they were and you've been in a maybe you were in a psychology class when they were going over psychoemotional disorders manic depressive depressed schizophrenic blah blah blah and every time they led the list you oh my. God that's me oh my.

God that's me oh my. God that's me right. Same thing can happen here we can start to really um start to. B you know become hypers suggestible to these things right.

Right. If you have these lines it doesn't mean you're broken right. If you have these lines it doesn't mean that you're always sad it means that you've had experiences that made you sad or that you lost something that was important to you that you haven't finished processing and your job is to. Simply look.

At the markings unpack them and resolve them and your face will get younger the the lines will disappear they will go away their clients their faces will change. But you're not broken you understand you're not broken there's nothing wrong with you you've just been doing as. I like to say some up right. Because anytime we hold on or stuff down an emotion rather than expressing it in a positive constructive way we're hurting ourselves we're poisoning oursel through emotional toxicity and that was a theory that my wife and.

I came to independently uh through 20 years of of uh. Medical. Practice was that a lot of. Aging was due not to the body getting old per se.

But the actual buildup of emotional toxicity in the body and after 20 some years of looking into terminal cancer uh multiple sclerosis. COPD um. Parkinson's lupus muscular distrophy uh herpes and. SE and.

STDs any form of social phobia active. Shooters um any form of trauma cult abuse 99% of everything that makes us old or sick can be distilled down to emotional toxicity of some kind. I have not found anything in my clinical practice that emotional clearing won't help if not completely alleviate that's a big claim it's a really big claim. But that's been my experience and.

So face reading if you understand it and you're willing to learn it and do it is one of the ways that you can take an instant snapshot every single day of you and everyone you meet and unpack who they really are and make decisions about how part. A how big a part of your life you want them to be how to make their lives better how to make your lives better and relate to people and see people. Through. The.

Eyes. Of compassion and wisdom okay. There's. So much to this there truly is and.

I. I wish. I had another three and a half four and a half hours to to deal through every single trait. I just don't right.

So with your permission. I'm going to give you three or four more traits and. Then to keep on our schedule. I'm going to go ahead and talk to you about ways that you can level up your skills your knowledge and your abilities cross contextually and actually integrate these things these skill sets into your life in the way that's going to to.

Really move the needle of your life forward and give you the biggest bang for your buck is that fair type in the chat if you think that's fair okay. Good this is the interactive portion of the training by the way. So. Katherine is saying.

I think. I have stored a lot of trauma in my fat tip to start to unpack that would be great okay. There is a program it's a cleansing program called isogenics start with that and. Then start to learn the transformational.

Triad uh old man in the tide poool and beating the bag and. I think you'll start to see some changes okay. Okay. Uh let me go to the map again and by the way.

I. I do apologize earlier for the the technical difficulties before. I was some lessons just have to be learn the hard way. I guess all right.

So let's look. At some of the most important lines um for for those of you who are going to be working with humans um. I want to talk about the markings specifically in this area of the face and in part three of the webinar with your permission. I'd like to drill down even more on these.

But. I want you to to focus on everything above the mask if you think about you know our covid days. So the. Next line that.

I want to. I want to look. At is this double line between the eyebrows okay. This line indicat indates some level of irritation annoyance or impatience.

I like to call this the traffic markting the traffic face why because when if you ever seen anybody in traffic especially. LA traffic this is what they look. Like right. You'll see this a lot when people are concentrating you'll see this a lot when people are frustrated when they're impatient this area of the face is one of the most important areas for understanding how people deal with boundary issues and aspects of boundary okay.

The eyebrows represent the wood element of the body now that means nothing to people who haven't studied. Chinese medicine what it does relate to is your how you deal with and express. Authority how proactive you are how well you deal with people telling you what to do how much energy you have for other people what your self-esteem is like uh how athletic you can be how well you control or don't control your anger right. The brow bone itself is all about athleticism and again higher degrees of of how you relate to.

Authority we're going to talk about those in part three of the webinar. But. I wanted to just give you an understanding that we're talking about emotion right. Now.

But that's only one map of the face and a level that it relates to okay. So when you see these double lines what you're seeing is somebody who spent a lot of time feeling frustrated a lot of time uh suppressing or experiencing or managing annoyance or they're irritated and if that. Mark is there even when they're not obviously physically or visibly irritated this is someone who's repressed a lot of that okay. So they're always these people are kind of almost always a powder cake waiting to go off they'll have a bit of a temper right.

Um every now and. Then you're going to see someone with three of these lines. So literally like three of these lines right. Right.

Through here. So they one two three. So let me. I'll draw it for you really quick.

So the line will now look. Like this there'll be three of them when you see this line it indicates somebody who's actually learned how to manage their frustration and annoyance they're more. Zen or will tend to be more. Zen than somebody uh who only has the two lines every now and.

Then you're also. Al going to see somebody who has one big line or one line right. Down the center now there are many names in the. Chinese systems for this marking.

However and the the common name for this is called suspended needle if it's really big they call it suspended sword what does it indicate anger usually at the authority figure in the family back in in the traditional times the authority the dominant authority figure in the family was usually the father and. So um a lot of a lot of people who were training with. Lilian would say that this person has father issues. But because the family the family unit has really changed significantly since classical times.

I like to use the term authority figure or in in many cases um the most masculine energy in the family this is often expressed as some form of anger between a son and a father between two brothers. Etc now the important thing to remember about about this particular marking is that it's unfinished business and let explain why when you see this marking this single line it indicate that there was a conflict between two people and in that conflict one of those people person with the marking specifically that person got super super angry and they vented and expressed anger in other words person a is getting angry at person. B they lose their and they just explode maybe they hit them maybe they say something they shouldn't have said that the person can't forgive and that person punishes them that person who expressed that anger got punished and they got punished bad and while that person is going through that punishment period they they review in their mind what happened what they did and they make a decision that they are never ever going to let themsel get that angry again and they put a blocker or a governor on how much emotion how much anger energy they're willing to express and the moment they make that decision the marking shows up okay. Now this is really important because remember.

I said that this area of your your face represents the wood energy of the body you know the important thing to remember about the wood energy of the body is it relates to everything regarding. Authority boundaries and achievement the most. Woody people are the people who never stop moving in always trying to get something accomplished and something done they're going all the time right. They're focused they're driven when a person gets angry and they realize that they were punished for expressing that anger they decide in that moment.

I'm never letting that happen again they put. So if they if this is the 100% of their energy they put a they put a block somewhere between here and here. So they have all this unused untapped energy that they can they can use to become more successful. But they stop and.

So this creates a pattern in people that looks a lot like self-sabotage uh if you've ever met people who are they they go to learn something and they take off like a rocket they reach a certain point and their life explodes they get bored and move on to something else they get in a fight with their manager their boss or have a fundamental disagreement with the authority figure in that business and they're off doing something else these people become. Jacks of all trades masters of none even though they have the potential to become masterful it's because as they're expressing themsel they have all this energy that they can use and. Then they hit that block that would allow them to become. Superstars long term.

But they have to leave they have to they just they they leave and a lot of that is because they're still fighting that original battle namami says just shoot me it's okay. It's fixable right. There's you're not broken what it means is that you're far more powerful than you've let yourself be right. Now sometimes that marking is really small sometimes it's huge.

But one of the things. I've seen behaviorally is that that reoccurring process of acceler cating blowing up accelerating blowing up accelerating blowing up right. And these people are always trying to win the argument that they lost many many years ago. So these people are always trying to prove how good they are they're always trying to prove themselves and.

Then they'll get to a certain point and they'll do something to blow it up. So. I consider it to be a strong indicator of self sabotage and insecurity because these people are still angry they're still fighting and if you can get that block remove man your life's going to take off you're going to take off okay. Is that useful hold on a.

Second. I got to change my settings here look. Immensely okay. Good if you've got that marking we love you.

Anyway right. My wife has this marking by the way. So. I have to be very careful what.

I say because she knows where. I sleep right. All right. All right.

So with that being said there's one more um. I want to finish this up in part three. But we're gonna we're a little bit behind. So.

I hope you'll bear with me with your permission. I'd like to talk to you about the training programs and opportunities we've got coming up the packages we put together for you and show you how to take this glimpse into the re the universe of face reading into a much more vast and pragmatic way is that okay. Okay. So without further.

Ado. I'd like to share with you one of my favorite courses this is called face reading for. Fun and. Profit uh this is a set of programs.

I've put together specifically. So you can learn the art and science of face reading from the privacy of your own home uh it is easily one of the most comprehensive face reading programs available it will effectively teach you how to read anyone in as little as 90 seconds and just go from their hairline to their chin line here's what here's what it's going to do for you right. It's going to teach you how to understand yourself how to read people instantly in any situation or circumstance it's going to allow you to effectively create profiles that help you predict and influence human behavior it'll be able to and because you can predict and influence you own behavior you'll be able to help more people you'll move through the world feeling more confident in the relationships you create and the the way you handle people and the people you let into your life you'll feel more powerful because you'll be able to influence people anytime you want you be able to speedread people and really understand how to slot people into the positions you want them to be in in in a way that makes them happy and as a byproduct of this you're going to become more. Charming charismatic and absolutely irresistible it's it's it's one of those.

First time. I launched this at. Hypno. Thoughts live it was it was on a.

Sunday it was the. Last time slot of the. Last day of a three-day hypnosis convention and literally 400 people showed up it was supposed to be a two-hour slot. I was there for four hours reading faces this is something that will completely change every aspect of your life that you choose to apply it in this offer is good until 11:59 p.m. today.

September 26th 2024. First thing we're going to start with is the secrets of face reading home study course it's valued at $1,997 uh it comes with a complete set of manuals it's a powerful proven real world face reading skills and psychological secrets for reading personality temperament trauma history and more you're going to be able to assess and the personality and temperament of anyone you meet in just a few seconds uh know instantly understand and utilize how their thinking and decision-making. Styles how to unlock the emotional map of their face. So you know who you're dealing with below the surface it'll allow you to understand their management style.

So that you can decide if they're someone you want to work for someone you can work with or someone who needs to be moved to a very very far uh division in your company it'll allow you to connect with people and show compassion for these people in a whole new level and you'll allow it and every morning when you look. In the mirror you'll understand yourself better because you'll see what's below the surface in ways no. Other system could show you as a byproduct of this you're going to be able to predict not only just predict human behavior. But you'll become the most fascinating person in the room and you'll never be fooled again that's a big claim.

But if you understand what you're looking at and what you're looking for people become no. Pun intended a very very open book. The total value on this is $1,997. But we're also going to include some very very special bonuses just for you being on the webinar tonight these are things that are going to take the face reading curriculum and expand it into levels that you might not have thought were relevant.

But are dramatically relevant to making sure that you move your needle in your life forward the way you want become the best version of yourself and protect yourself at the same time. So the. First thing we're going to include is one of our our bestselling programs. I talked about this earlier this is our.

NLP defense against the. Dark. Art speed profiling influence and counter manipulation home study course this is the course that was one of the courses that was ranked one of the number one. NLP training courses in the world by global gurus. org it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free when you grab your face reading home study package and here's what it's going to allow you to do it's going to start with 16 videos that teach you the universal persuasion protocol how to think like a master influencer how to control your psychoemotional state.

So no. One else can. Power report skills for connecting with anyone anytime anywhere it's going to give you the most irresistible hypnotic language patterns. So that you can.

Leverage. The. Natural suggestibility that you're going to have as a trained face reader it's going to teach you how to manage the emotional states of other people how to use their own internal. Behavior code.

So that you can more perfectly match how they experience the world to the messages you want them to accept and to teach you how to emotionally bond to anyone's deepest desires and get them to do what you want them to do. But we're not going to stop there it's also going to teach you the fundamentals of lie detection on demand how to literally spot sociopath narcissists and other evil a-holes before they have a chance to sink their hooks into your life or ruin the life you've built. So hard for yourself it'll also help you to learn how to extricate yourself from relationships with these people. I'm want to teach you very powerful speed profiling secrets that allow you to prevent.

Predators from getting their hooks into you in the. First place we're going to teach you the ins and outs of predatory psychology in other words how do these people select their victims how do you take yourself off the menu and most importantly how do you turn the tables on the narcissists the machiavellians the dark. Triads a sociopaths and other forms of character. Disturbed persuasion.

Predators right. It's a deep dive into the dark side of influence. So that you can emerge on the other side on the side of the. Angels right.

We're going to teach you some of the most powerful hypnotic reframing techniques imaginable for winning any argument and keeping yourself from being gaslighted or otherwise mind mind washed uh by these evildoers in the world we'll show you the 21. Telltale conversational red flags that narcissists and sociopathic individuals character. Disturbed individuals tend to express in everyday conversations that allow you to spot them and avoid them or neutralize them in whatever way is appropriate we're going to teach you how to instantly spot micro expressions and changes in subtle active behavioral cues. So that you can tell when somebody's suppressing an emotion somebody's duping you or things of that nature and many more bonus chapters on other forms of psychological tactics and influence it's just a tiny piece of what's in defense against the dark arts total value on this is $1,997 if you combine uh the defense against the dark arts program with face reading for.

Fun and. Profit level one total value on this is $3,995. But we're going to give it to you free and we're not done yet we're also going to teach you one of the most important aspects of hold on a. Second my my my mouse wheel is very small um the identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study course one of the things that we discovered or. I discovered when. I was going through my face reading training was that. Lillian loved to talk about and diagnose people's emotional health their physical health their spiritual health and all she would do was talk about it she would diagnose and diagnose and diagnose and.

Then she would have to refer you out to a psychotherapist or a social worker or a hypnotherapist to get that stuff fixed and. I got really frustrated with that and. I decided since. I had all these skill sets that.

I was just going to combine them. I was just going to integrate them. I created a program called. Chinese medical hypnotherapy and it's an integration of face reading and the transformational skills that we are known for.

Planet. David. So to move you in that direction. I'm including one of our most powerful hypnosis training programs this is the identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study course it's going to teach you in no. Uncertain terms how to hypnotize people any time anywhere under any circumstance for any reason it's going to show you specific tactics for removing blocks to your success and dissolving limiting beliefs. So that they never come back again we're going to show you how to find and remove hidden negativity that you didn't even know you had stuff that's buried below the surface face reading is one of the tools that we can use to do that. But there's many many others that you'll learn about in this course we're going to show you how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away something goes away or you something comes up you go you get treated for it by the time you get home it's back you get rid of one person the same person with a different face shows up we're going to show you how to keep that pattern from recurring once and for all because there's always a lesson to be learned from that and once you understand how to extract those lessons and let everything else go that pattern has no.

Reason to stay in your life okay. We're going to teach you how to resolve and dissolve and and. D drain all the energy from the negativity in your past and use that to prep you into a more powerful positive future when you look. Back on the past you'll only remember it in ways that make your life better okay.

And. Finally we're going to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics that you want more of based on the people you've studied and learned from. So that you can reproduce their their results in life and much more it's a really powerful program uh it will take you from. Zero to.

Hero in a few short days um it's a $1,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free as part of your package your face reading certification package tonight because we want you to be able to do everything you can based on this face reading curriculum if you need to heal somebody or help somebody through a rough time this course will do it if you want to learn how to use face reading to protect yourself and create powerful relationships with other people defense against the dark. ARS will allow you to do that right. Uh we we put a lot of thought into making sure that this package gave you the biggest bang for your buck now there's a lot of other ways to read people besides face reading and. So several years ago.

I did a two or three day course called people reading for. Fun and. Profit and this was all on my approach to reading and understanding body language. I've spent a lot of years uh and spent a lot of money on body language training and over over and over again my.

B my my ability to read people would come down to a few core sets of. SK skills and a few basic algorithms and formulas that you follow and if you take these algorithms and these formulas and you apply them you'll be able to read people's body languages and expressions anytime anywhere under any circumstance very very quickly you'll be able to understand the body language of. Attraction both the male side and the female side you'll be able to detect lies and other deceptive behaviors you'll be able to influence people without using your words this is really powerful in fact. I think.

I'm not quite 100% sure. But. I think in this training. I actually hypnotize somebody without using any words.

I'm not sure. I think that's in this course. I correct me if. I could be wrong there men you'll learn how to understand women better women you'll learn how to understand men better you'll learn how to dress for success and the different levels of success if you ever seen some of my videos uh on on uh.

Planet. David about the different uh social status and dress you'll learn about those in this course we'll teach you how to eliminate the behaviors and the body language things that you're doing that weaken your influence you as a byproduct of this you're going to get more deals you're going to get more dates you're going to people will become a very very um navigatable set of of uh things for you when. I say things. I don't think things in a in a derogatory way.

But you'll be able to manage the people in your life much more easily you'll be able to make better decisions and as a byproduct of that your life will become everything you want it to be okay. Total value on this is 149 $7 we're going to give this to you once again 100% free uh as a byproduct of this package right. So total combined value on this is $6,998. But you know what we're still not done right.

But let's look. At what we've got. So far. So we're going to start off with the secrets of face reading home study course that's the three-day training with the manual with the manuals.

I should say um $1,997 value we're going to do the speed profiling defense against the dark s. NLP home study course valued at $1,997 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course valued at $1,497 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the people reading for fund and profit two-day intensive $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free and. Finally the total value on this is $6,998 now some people might be saying okay.

Well what's this actually going to cost me. David is it really going to cost me 6,000 988 bucks the answer is no. Well is it going to cost me half that you gonna give it to me for half price $3,497 well. I thought about it and.

Then. I said no. Well. David what about like 14.97 that's that's pretty low.

I mean that's a. Third of the price right. Yeah that would be that would be a good value at 1497 wouldn't it now for those of you who want to get the the head start on your package for those of you who want to move the needle you can get everything. I just talked about for one low installment of just $99.97 or if you want you can break that down into three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is click the link in your in your chat there npower.com slf click the link uh and get your and and get get into the funnel um there's not a lot of these packages that we're giving out and you'll see why in just a few moments click that link right.

Now it shows up in your chat if you have questions you can reach out to. Moss at. NLP power.com you can reach out to. Mia.

NLP power.com the phone number is 858 282 4663 oops what happened there okay. Um that was weird 858 282 4663 okay. Um. So click that link if any if if you said yes.

To any of the things that. I started the webinar with this would be a good time to click that link right. Now. But we're not done some people might say well.

David how do. I know this will work for me. I promise you it'll work for you take our course test drive it for a full 60 days if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to speed reading people eliminating the people in your life that are problematic attracting more of the people that you want if you're not managing people more effectively and and your life isn't improving pick up the phone let. Moss or me and know and we will refund every single dime you invested in this program.

But. I promise you you'll be happy because you'll realize you underpaid for this course you have absolutely zero risk if after 60 days you're not moving the needle of your life in a way that allows you to become the best version of yourself we'll refund every dime no. Fuss no. Mus if you have questions we're here to help you okay.

Give us the opportunity to coach you to guide you and if after that you're not you're not 100% convinced that it's what you need we'll give you the money back because if it doesn't work we don't want your funds okay. So click that link right. Now you got absolutely no. Reason not to this is the best price you'll ever going to get it's going to be one of the most powerful transformational experiences of your life and it will only get better that's the best part the longer you're doing this stuff the more powerfully you change and transform right.

The link okay. So once again for those of you who are action takers those of you who are ready to really move the needle if you click that link right. Now before. September 26 2024 11:59 p.m. today and specifically when.

I log off the webinar you're also going to get the following fast action bonuses you're going to get a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program now this is where the rubber really hits the road for most people. So let me.

I'm. G to jump out of my. PowerPoint for a moment just to explain this to you the. NP power.

Mastermind mentoring program has been the world's longest running. NLP hypnos is. Mind. Body.

Energy communication skills study group in the world it's been running every month non-stop give or take since. October of 2010 and the way it works is on the. Third. Saturday of every month sometimes that changes depending on my training schedule.

But on the. Third. Saturday of every month people log in from all over the world um if we're doing an open house and you're in the south in the. Southern.

California area area you get to come to the. NLP office to our conference room and participate live and in person and. I literally say. Maria what do you want to learn.

Mia what do you want to learn kyung what do you want to learn cool guy what do you want to learn. Stella what do you want to learn. Nia what do you want to learn right. And.

I write down what you guys want to learn about on the board and. Then. I step back and. I look.

At where they all kind of connect and intersect and. I make a lesson plan for you guys right. On the spot and for the. Next four hours sometimes eight hours we roll up our sleeves and we drill together until you can do those skills in your sleep time and time again it has been the ability to get into a group of people who have similar desires and interests and physically practice your skills that is the difference between borrowed knowledge and owning knowledge and that's what we want to give you we want to give you the the opportunity to go from borrowed information to personal transformation and long lasting useful information the only way to do that is to roll up your sleeves get around a group of like-minded people and practice.

So we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to the. NP power. Mastermind mentoring program on the. Third.

Saturday of every month you'll log in or you'll show up. I'll find out what you want and we will drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep cool guy says. I got to do a mastermind session once it was intense yes. It is yes.

It is right. Why because my job is to help you get good at this stuff. I can't multiply zeros if you show up. I'll show up right.

Plus we've been doing this for over 13 years. October will be our 14th year that we've been running the. Mastermind mentoring program we've recorded we videotaped every single one of those training sessions and we've archived them at various locations in. Planet.

David and as a full a member in good standing for the. NLP power. Master my mentoring program you get access to 13 years of archive video that's never been that's never seen the light of day right. Stuff that's never been in a product stuff that's rarely shown on.

YouTube right. And you get to binge watch that for the entire 90 days that you're part of the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program if you decide you want to stay we'll show you how to extend your membership if you get what you need and you decide it's time to move on we have conos you go right.

It's just how it rolls right. But the idea you won't get a certificate from. The. Mastermind program what you will get is a skill set the ability to do these things in your life in real time with real people you'll become part of a community that loves and supports you that is interested in the same things you're interested in and you get access to a whole library of content and information that very few people in this world have ever had an opportunity to see to very limited opportunity.

I encourage you to click that link just for that. But there's more. So let's go ahead and jump to what else we got for you. So total value on this it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free total value is 8,985 if you're one of the.

Next people to click that link right. Now we're also going to include our. Next fast action bonus which is face tring for fund and profit level two this is everything below the mask and this is going to pick up where face reading one left off is going to teach you about the nose the cheeks the chin uh the lips the ears uh certain personality. Profiles.

In other words the shape of the face from the side it's going to teach you about how to use how to read their emotions how to read their personality and temperament and allow you to predict and influence human behavior how a completely different and even more powerful level right. It's going to amplify and magnify all the persuasion of profiling skills that you've achieved it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free total combined value on this program monetarily is $1,982 and. Finally because a lot of you are like me love live events for the. Next 17 people to register today we're going to give you a free.

VIP ticket to our. Next. Next face reading for. Fun and.

Profit level one 3-day certification boot camp set for. December 13th through the 15 2024 here in. San. Diego where you'll literally learn how to read anyone anytime anywhere in seconds it's a $3,150 value we're going to teach you how to read personality traits instantly how to find repr press trauma and emotions and how to evoke those.

So you can help fix them we're going to teach you how to determine romantic and sexual compatibility how to make people want to like trust and love you how to become the most fascinating person in the room detect lives deception mental and psychological issues and a whole lot more this is a deep dive into the. Art and. Science of. Applied face reading that you can take into any business or application uh that you can imagine it's going to move your needle in a direction of.

Positive. Growth positive monetary uh abundance and and happy fulfilling relationships plus you get to heal people if you want. Total combined value on this package is $1 14,132. But.

I'm not done this is a completely unannounced super surprise mystery bonus and it's only going out to the. Next 15 people who register for this package by clicking that link today on. October 12th through the 14th 2024 we will be hosting a very very special. By.

Invitation. Only healing event this is a three-day virtual healing intensive with me. Dr. David.

Snyder live if you've ever wanted to do session work with me. But maybe you couldn't afford it maybe you couldn't travel to. San. Diego uh for whatever reason.

But you wanted to work with me as your personal healer coach therapist whatever this is your chance to spend three complete days online as part of a group with me while. I lead you through one healing process one alchemical and transformation process after another and you'll emerge on the other side completely different completely transformed with some powerful tools that you can use to continue moving your. Transformations forward. But most importantly all you got to do is show up and let me work my mojo with you let me guide you through one process after another after another after another.

So you can get the healings and the insights and the skills you need to live your best life it's going to be online. So there's no. Travel involved it will be from 10:00 am to 6:00 pm all three days it's a $1,497 value and again we'll teach you how to dissolve negativity you don't even know you have we're going to teach you how to get rid of physical and emotional pain and suffering how to resolve traumas phobias and self-sabotage how to find out what truly gives your life meaning and purpose how to train yourself to work on yourself going forward how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination destroy your limiting beliefs once and for all and a whole lot more once again this is not a certification class this is you getting the help you need in the way you most need it from someone who's devoted their. Liv to helping people like you change and transform.

I kind of look. Forward to this one every every few months because. I don't have to worry about whether you can replicate the skill sets. I'm demonstrating.

I get to kind of play the equivalent of jazz hypnotherapeutic speaking. So if the idea of getting work of working personally with me uh appeals to you. I would recommend when would now be a good time to click that link total combined value on this is $15 15,629 do the math guys do the math okay. Go ahead and click that link let's review what you're going to get you're going to get the secrets of face reading home study course valed at $1,997 we're going to include absolutely free as part of your transformation super package the real world hypnosis identity by.

Design home study course valued at $1,497 we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the people reading for fund and profit home study course that's body language secrets $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get face reading for fund and profit level two home study course $1,997 value for free you're. G to get the three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring archive valued at $1,997 free and you're going to get that.

VIP super ticket to the. Next five element face reading for fund and profit super training here in. San. Diego.

December 13th to the 15th it's a $3,150 value this is a live event guys um. So. I just want to put that out there. But we're going to give you the access to the training for free and for those of you who are ready.

October 11th through the to the 11 12 oops. I got the dates wrong on that one. I think it's uh 11th to the 13th on there um it's going to be the it's. Friday.

Saturday. Sunday it's going to be uh the online virtual healing intensive with yours truly you and part of a small group going through three days of one transformational process one healing process after or another. So that you can live and become the best version of yourself humanly possible it's a $1,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free total value on this package is $1 15,629 you can get everything. I've just talked about and all of our support money back guarantee for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you want you can break that up into three easy installments of 3.97 each all you got to do is click the link that appears here is in your chat.

NLP power.com slf npower.com slfac. So. I want you to go ahead click those links we're going to take a uh seven minute break we're going to come back at 510 or 11 and we're going to pick up with part three of our webinar we're going to go deeper into facial cues and characteristics we're going to customize the content of tonight's face reading training to the exact applications and traits qualities that you want to know more about and we get to have fun for the rest of the time. So we'll see you at uh 510.

Pacific or in seven minutes eight minutes depending on how you look. At it uh from now talk to you soon e e e e e e e e e e okay. Guys. I'm back from my break if you guys are back from your break and you have questions you'd like to answer by all means uh or like answers to go ahead and type them in the chat.

I'll take a couple minutes and um okay. So there's some uh there's some questions regarding the events. So. First and foremost the thing about our.

VIP tickets which is really cool which. I didn't actually mention earlier is that they are tradable and they do not expire. So if you click the link right. Now and you get your package um.

But you can't come to face reading in. December well you just pick up the phone and let us know and we will move you to the. Next face reading training if the if there's a different training that you want to go to. But the and the price points are the same we will let you swap out that.

VIP ticket for that particular event and that ticket is good until you actually use it it does not have an expiration date as long as you're in our. VIP database as a ticket holder. Then you can use that ticket for anything of a equal agress equal or lesser value right. If you decide that maybe you've had a training um and.

So you don't want to come to the same training. But you'd like to maybe give it to a friend or a spouse or whatever and you want to gift them your. VIP ticket you can do that okay. If between now and the.

Next time you come to an event the price of the event goes up and you're a. VIP ticket holder your price is locked in you never pay a dime to sit in the front seat to sit in any seat as long as you have that ticket if something comes up at the. Last minute and all of a sudden you can't attend an event all you do is pick up the phone let. Mia or.

Moss know and we will move you to another training if a training is full and you have a. VIP ticket and you you all of a sudden your schedule frees up and you want to come pick up the phone let us know we will make a seat for you at the training uh more often than not right. As long as you're a. VIP ticket holder we'll do this for you yes.

Julie if if um if you see if you have some of the videos. I know you've bought packages from us in the past if you see in this package a course that you already have if you call. Moss or. Mia and let them know what you have they will give you the option to substitute a different course as long as the the price of that course is of equal or lesser value than the one you want to swap okay.

So there's a lot of flexibility uh in our packaging we we try to make sure that everybody who invests in in. Planet. David. Gets exactly what they need in the way that they need it right.

So we're very very service oriented in that respect all we ask is that if you call please leave your contact information right. Because if you call about the offer on tonight's webinar and you don't leave your contact information you won't qualify for any of the bonuses okay. And if you want to take advantage of the. VIP ticket the healing intensive and.

The. Mastermind you have to click that link before. I log off the webinar tonight that's why we call them fast action bonuses they're only available to you while. I'm physically logged in teaching this webinar if you're watching this as a replay you qualify for defense against the dark artarts you qualify for identity by.

Design you qualify for people reading for. Fun and. Profit you do not qualify for. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring you do not qualify for face feding level two you do not qualify for the. VIP super ticket you do not qualify for the extra uh virtual healing intensity. So if you click that link before. I log off the webinar you get the whole shabang or as we like to say the full monty right.

And yes. You can substitute um and you don't need to come to the training in. December as long as you have that ticket you can come to any training you're qualified for okay. So once again click the link remember it has a 60-day money back guarantee payment plans are available.

I recommend you just go ahead and bite the bullet and get it click the links and get it out of the way right. So. I know who. I'm dealing with over the.

Next few months and uh we'll build on that is the. December also available virtually there uh about 50% of the time albana uh we do offer a virtual option um we did for the. Last face reading class um. So as of right.

Now we weren't really talking about offering a virtual option. But as we get closer to the event. I would keep an eye out uh for the possibility of a virtual it's whether you come virtually or in person it's still going to cost your. VIP ticket right.

We would much rather have you in the room than not. But probably will be a virtual option available for those of you um who don't want to make the long perilous journey to. San. Diego and be in a room.

LOF in a room with me for three solid days okay. All right. Okay. Let me move this over and this is where it gets fun oops sorry that's the that didn't work out quite the way.

I planned it that's all right. All right. Guys it's your webinar what do you want to know about type it in the chat. Wendy says she's coming from.

Australia well by all means come on in girl good to see you what do you guys want to know about you guys want to continue with the emotions you have other applications that you want to talk about we're now in the process of uh your webinar what do you want to know about my skill set your applications. So. Lisa is asking please electromagnetic energy to manifest uh. Stella re ask your question sweetie heart energy the.

Second flash you see in the person's face okay. I'm and you guys need to ask me better clearer questions because these questions are very vague guys. I need something very specific you give me a specific question. Samantha's asking nose and genitalia size relation male versus is female okay.

You asked for it um the nose is about half the circumference of the genit male or female you asked. I gave it to you there it is. So yes. I know stuff about your junk that you don't want me [Laughter] knowing.

Lisa is asking open heart trust trigger how to use electromagnetic energy to manifest and how to stay in that state. So people respond to you in a loving way okay. First of all. Lisa that's two separate questions and it's two separate applications okay.

So if you're talking about manifesting which again is not a face reading question. But okay. All right. If you're going to do the.

Open. Heart trust trigger. Then you have to build up the electromagnetic charge in your field right. That's done through chiong meditation energetic practices okay.

Uh which. I don't have time to show here. But if you come to vibrational influence uh or unleashing the magic in uh 2025 uh or you join the energy. Mastery coaching program that.

I'm going to be launching in the. Next few months um you'll learn how to build your field and do all kinds of crazy stuff okay. How to stay in the state. So people respond to you in a loving way is based on your ability to maintain the posture the breathing and the the the frequency.

So it has to start with with having a a posture and a brief pattern that generates a loving playful uh enfolding energy and spending as much time as you can embodying that state now when. F when people. First start doing this it's they're gonna they're going to adopt the physiology and the state's going to engage and. Then they they'll the state usually has a halflife anywhere from five to 20 minutes depending on how the level of emotional arousal the environment you're in things of that nature and.

So you're going to need to keep reactivating the state and practicing moving through the world and staying in that state for longer and longer and longer periods of time right. There's there's a set of practices and drills that we teach in dark arts uh that we teach in killer influence. CPI to do specifically that. So that you spend longer and longer and longer time in the state of your choice right.

There's a training. Pro protocol for that right. We don't have time to do it on the webinar. I wouldn't do it on the webinar.

Anyway because those are kind kind of proprietary they're not things that we give to the general public okay. So hopefully that answers those two questions. So neam is is it how do. I pronounce your name is it.

Naomi or neam or nia how do you how do. I pronounce your name sweet. I know it's. I know it's.

Irish. But. I don't know how to exactly pronounce it. So.

I don't want to pron keep pronouncing it wrong um it's like you meet a stranger. But see a oh okay. All right. So the flash that.

I think you're talking about is called the eyebrow flash now this this is a face reading practice. But this takes us from what we call passive profiling into active profiling. So when. I when.

I look. At body language human behavior reading the face things of that nature. I divide things into two basic uh categories you have passive traits and you have active traits. So the.

So the best way. I can teach you to distinguish that is how many of you by a show of hands have heard of a guy named. Paul. Ekman right.

Just type it in the chat if you've heard of him if you haven't heard of. Paul. Amman how many of you have heard of a show called lie to me for those of you whove heard of the show lie to me. I highly recommend you watch all three seasons of that show.

Paul. Eckman was the consultant um and there's a lot of really good cool stuff in there uh that is actually true towards the end of the series they started taking more and more. Liberties which is why. Dr edman left the show because uh they were moving away from things that were true.

But the. First couple. Seasons had some really valuable information on micro. Expressions body languaging proxemic orientation uh hip contact things of that nature that was really really useful one of the things that.

Dr emman was famous for was his discovery that when human beings are commun unting they're they're trying to manage emotions below the threshold of conscious awareness in real time and every now and. Then an emotion they're trying to suppress leaks out. So micro expressions are facial cues that happen in the moment during an interaction they're very active and those are traits and characteristics that allow you to determine when somebody is actively suppressing or misrepresenting an emotion or state passive profiling are the things we've talked about in tonight's webinar a line across skepticism line a joy line a sadness line a lost love impatience and annoyance lines these are a consequence of a lifetime of micro. Expressions on you were conscious of once.

You' consciously learned and. On. You' unconsciously learned. So when we look.

At these things the eyebrow flash often referred to as the unconscious hello is a microexpression. But it's a very obvious form and it's also really in uh in anthropology. I think or zoology. I can't remember exactly which science it is.

I think it's zoology it's known as a key stimuli key stimuli are instinctive hardwire neurological responses that every time the stimulus is present um that's that trait fires. So for example uh there is a particular species of bird that has a white dot on its feathers right. At the throat and that that bird will go out and it will hunt for food and it'll eat and. Then it'll come back to its nest and the little chick in the nest will reach into the nest pull out a little twig in its beak and poke that white spot on their parent on the parent bird and the parent bird will actually regurgitate um the food it is consumed.

So the baby can eat it's kind of gross right. But um all mammals have specific key stimuli that they respond to the one that um that. Samantha is talking about is known as an eyebrow flash. So every mammal on the planet when they approach another mammal is going to look.

To the eyes. And go in some form depending on the culture depending on the part of the world you're in that it can be a very slight or it can be hey how you doing right. Depending on where you're at. But what will happen is in that moment when those two people make eye contact one person is singling are you a friend or not are you friendly or not if the person generates the eyebrow.

Flash and the person immediately. Returns the eyebrow flash that sends a friendship signal and. So. Rapport starts to accelerate and deepen if the person sends the eyebrow.

Flash and the person does not respond. Rapport slows down approaching slows down and people become much more guarded and much more defensive if the person flashes the eye and rather than an eyebrow flash going up or nothing happening those eyes. Start to cond the eyebrows start to condense right. You now have signs of aggression and now the.

P will back up and. So will the distance the micro expression the eyebrow flash is one of the most powerful and important body language triggers as well well as um profiling tools that we have. But it's active it happens in the moment and. But it doesn't it and you can do it intentionally at key points in an interaction to amplify.

Rapport to become more flirtatious and to ease social anxiety right. You. But as a profiler you have to become aware of the speed with which that eyebrow flash is either sent to you or it's returned. So.

I hope that answers the question. So. Sheila. Stella is asking what is a vertical line on both sides of the face midf face down to the jawline you mean from here down if it's if it's that line.

I was taught that that's some kind of stress or exhaustion. So when you have dimples that's usually a sign of extra fire charm or charisma. So ne ne okay. Thank you.

NE uh albena is asking how to recognize dangerous features on a face or body signs that tell me to run away uh and save myself well start with compressed eyebrows. I have to be careful with some of the things. I'm about to show you. But.

I did promise you. I would. I would teach you some things that. I don't normally teach.

So if you'll give me a moment. I have to find the manual. I will show you some things to be uh weary of um. God.

I hope. I find. I to find this really quick um this would be in face reading my face reading level two manual hold on a. Second just please be patient oops um all right.

I'm not going to be able to in the time that we have. I'm not going to be able to search for everything and not have you guys bored off your butt. So there are some traits that when. I'm teaching face reading and especially for those of you who are therapists or coaches who are going to deal with u marriage and family and social workers things of that nature there's three sets of traits that.

I want you to um start to look. For. First one is on our emotional map. So let me show you that one.

First. So the trait that. I want you guys to be aware of that can be problematic is right. Here see where it says disempowerment if you see somebody that has these wrinkles that go diagonally down the side of the nose.

So literally um if this is oops that's horrible sorry about that. So if this is the person's nose this is their eyebrow right. If you see diagonal lines that travel down the side of that nose right. What you're looking at is something my teacher called a disempowerment line now.

I don't. I don't really like that term and the reason. I don't like it is because it does not really. Encompass what the behavior and the.

Genesis of that line entail. So how many of you by a show of hands have ever seen a a sitcom called. All in the. Family.

Archie. Bunker. Edith. Bunker one thing at a time guys how many of you have seen that okay.

Okay. So in that show you have one of the most bigoted white guys on the planet. Archie bunk right. And his wife.

Edith is always trying to play. Kate. Archie it's okay. Archie.

I'll make it better just don't get angry don't get upset blah blah blah blah okay. Remember when. I was talking about suspended needle that this line was caused by someone getting angry and losing their temper at somebody and acting out in a way that they got punished for these lines are also the result of anger they're the result of a person having their boundaries violated physically mentally or emotionally getting angry and pushing back. However when they pushed back the person they were pushing back against pushed back even harder and for some reason this person's defenses crumbled and rather than continue to fight back they lapsed into appeasement okay.

Okay. Whatever you want just just don't hurt me and from that moment forward anytime time the perpetrator would push on a boundary and the person would give up would push back they just had they know they have just have to push a little bit more and the person would do whatever they wanted. So you'll see this many times in people who've gone through some form of domestic abuse some form of situation where when they tried to fight back they they either didn't have the courage they they lack the strength and they the only way to get through that was to give the person whatever they wanted you'll start to see those markings come out. So the suspended needle or sword is a result of being punished for expressing anger and them deciding never to get that angry again never to lose control like that again disempowerment lines or as.

I like to call them appeasement lines are the result of somebody getting angry trying to protect their boundaries the person pushing back even more and them giving the person what giving the person whatever they want to appease them now there's two more traits that. I want to talk about before. I do. I want to go ahead and uh remind you of the package that we've got for you uh all the stuff.

I'm talking about is in this package and more. But uh let's go ahead and just review that really really quickly okay. So um hold on. Second there we go okay.

So for those of you who have been on the fence um this is what. I got for you or if you've joined us late our webinar package for today and half of these bonuses go away when. I log off the webinar. So um here you're going to get the secrets of face reading home study course.

Val it at $1,997 you're going to get the against the dark arts home study course. Val at $1,997 we're going to give that to you absolutely free remember that this was the number one. NLP training course in the world for 2022 and 2023 uh real world hypnosis emty by. Design hypnotherapy home study course for those of you who want to make a little extra money helping people this will be a a really good um money funnel for you it's a $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get this the people reading for fund and profit home study course $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the three the three-month.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring trial membership plus the 13-year archive $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the face reading for fund and profit level two home study course which is uh some of the techniques and the traits that. I'm about to talk about um in the end part of this webinar actually come from this course rather than level one um is a $1,997 value and. Then of course um you're going to get the uh.

VIP super ticket for face reading live uh. December 13th through the 15th and. Then the virtual healing intensive coming up in. October.

I believe it's 11th through the 14th or 13th rather. I tried. So hard not to make a typo huh oh well 11 through the 13th sorry and that's going to be here in. San.

Diego or actually this will be virtual. So. I'll be in. San.

Diego you'll be somewhere else right. Total value total value on this package if you were to buy them individually on the website and by the way you can't because the virtual healing web intensive is not offered on our events page on our webinar the only place you can get access to three days of me healing you and helping you heal yourself is um through this webinar. So it's a $1,497 value we're going to give it to you free as long as you click that link before. I log off the webinar guys remember when.

I click off the webinar the fast action bonuses go away okay. And all you need to do is is click the link invest 997 or three easy installments of 3.97 each and just click the link click the link click the link. NLP power.com. SL oops screwed that up.

Anyway uh forward slashface let me go ahead and just move this down here really quick. I really don't like. PowerPoint in case you guys haven't figured that out. Anyway back to our regularly scheduled program all right.

The. Next two traits. I want to talk about. I have to be very very careful because it's very easy for the things.

I say to get misconstrued okay. Remember that no. Facial characteristic by itself is 100% indicative of any anything although it's not quite as it's not quite as liberal as like regular body language most of your your facial characteristics are pretty solid. But one of the things.

I want you to really pay attention to um when you're looking for people who might be potential problems is around the mouth flaccidity of the of the lips is indicative of flaccidity and softness of boundaries okay. So if you're looking at a female and this again this is how. I was taught this is how it was explained to me in in. Lillian's book.

Please take it in in the spirit in which it's being offered women who have very permissive or very malleable non-existent sexual or romantic boundaries often have a very flaccid upper lip in fact if you ever look. At some. I hate to use this this is a if you look. At like pictures of porn stars or a lot of models used to adopt this kind of a a pucker that that that loose lip when that's occurring naturally these tend to be people whose sensual bound are permeable now.

I don't know if social. Predators instinctively recognize that. But a lot of people who are molested or hash you know victims of the hashtag thing they have that lip well they spend a lot of time creating that lip configuration okay. Now corollary to that in males and.

I could actually show you some pictures of very well-known um very well-known sex offenders who have this. Market if the lower lip is very flaccid the lower lip in males is very flaccid like their mouth never fully closes or you can see their teeth or whatever this indicates somebody who is prone or who may be prone to violating sexual romantic boundaries they may not interpret cues that are not definitive as a no. And. I've.

I've looked at. Weinstein and. I've looked at a couple of the other guys they have this left they have this left okay. So women on the top men on the bottom okay.

If you've got someone with a very flaccid upper lip where their their mouth never fully closes even when they're trying to and you've got these appeasement lines you've got someone who's probably not only been abused or molested or had their boundaries violated. But is probably a number one target for those kinds of behaviors okay. Is that helpful is that useful any feedback folks yeah well again um it is scary. But remember for warned is forearmed right.

If you can read their face and you see certain certain markings at the very least you know to have extra filters up right. One of the things that. I loved about. Lillian.

So much was that she tried to make every aspect of face reading as loving and positive and compassionate as humanly possible face reading as most people learn it is an extremely pessimistic discipline they spend more time telling you all the that's up about you than the good things and. Lillian made a really a really concerted effort to balance that right. And and. I think it was the way to go because people when you when you start to read their faces and you start to unpack these things and bring these things to light they're vulnerable they're they're they're sensitive they're desperate for they want the truth they don't want you to necessarily lie to them.

But they want they want the truth in a way that's positive and that gives them hope right. And um the. Chinese language for whatever reason has a deficit of positive ways of expressing things it's just one of those weird things. But.

I hope that answers the what to look. For questions there's other there's other things we could we could talk about. But those are the big the big ones when. I'm looking at at people that um are likely to be abused or who are likely to abuse.

Al says you'll have a boot camp on self-defense will there be a webinar package for that. I never thought anybody would want one how many people know about the self-defense supercharger coming up in. October just type it in the chat if you do okay. So um if you go to this page there's a little um there's a page that explains everything and um if you want to use your.

VIP ticket for that event. I'll actually let you do that right. But you got to buy the package to use the. VIP ticket okay.

So uh admit audacious. I needed to rebuild all these boundaries after trauma and. PTSD. I'm going to give you one more tra um and this is for the healers in the room um one of the things that you'll see and.

I. I think for this. I do need to find my manual. So give me just a minute okay.

Here we go uh for those of you who are looking for signs of trauma aside from what. I've just talked about let's look. At this okay. So this is the uh this is excerpt from the face reading for.

Fun and. Profit manual level one um. So one of the things that um we can talk a lot about is eyelids uh. So one of the things that.

I want in terms of trauma when somebody undergoes trauma in the eyelid will start to. Dro and it'll start to create a triangular shape to the eye. So when we look. At people who've gone through trauma we can start to pick it out by the shapes of the eyes.

Um here again you can see let me move this up a little bit can you see the. Triangular. Contour here again notice the. Triangular pattern in the eye this one's a little pixelated.

So. But if you look. You can see that same triangular shape um to the eye. I got overwhelmed this is too much of a rush okay.

So you see that the the face reading manual is is pretty it goes into some pretty deep stuff. So for healers managers uh therapists coaches this is something that can significantly uh help your practice right. Uh any other questions or things you want to see or know about the bunny lies what's what's a bunny. Li yeah lines on the nose oh.

I just those are the disempowerment lines that was um yeah hold on let me find it again [Music] yeah these are your bunny lines right. Here vertical lines on the length of the nose. Stella. I'd have to see those.

I don't. I don't know vertical lines on the length of the nose do you mean on the top of the nose or or. I'm not sure what what we're talking about. Okay.

So. I know what you're referring to. Julie what is it your take on no. Lines under the eyes.

Meaning you've been a part of the cult that's something that chase came up with and. I have absolutely no. Evidence one way or the know other that that's true uh there have been people whose eyes. I've looked at who've been in.

Cults and their eyes. Are not smooth. So it's like any behavioral trait. I think you have to really have a large population to figure out how true that is.

I eyebrows on top of the nose with a curve yeah. I. I have no. Idea what that means that's from.

Botox okay. Let me look. At my my. YouTubers and see what's going on with those those folks uh lah is asking uh how to avoid triggers of negative emotional flaps from a suggested task we might do without.

So much over upsetting guesswork okay. Lah can you kind of clarify that question um fire starter man is talking about is he talking about the happy wrinkles um no. I'm not talking about happy wrinkles like a flashback. Yoda mind says any lines for possible cheater or is that different.

I do not. I would for for potential cheaters. I would look. At the lower depending on if it's male or female.

I would look. At the lower lip if it's very big and very flaccid um good chance that they might do something like that if presented with an opportunity um if they are if they're very fiery high on dop high on a dopam energic scale these people are tend to be very sensation seeking and. So they might be more prone to extracurricular romance than people who are a little bit more traditional or conservative certainly every. Elemental type has the capacity to um to step out.

But they usually step out for different reasons okay. So we talk about horizontal lines between the eyebrows. I've yet to see a horizontal line between the eyebrow. So when you're talking about a horizontal between the eyebrow.

I assume that you're talking about something like looks like this okay. I've never seen one of those in all the faces. I've looked at. I haven't seen a line like that that either wasn't related to.

Jing depletion oh lower oh. So you mean something that's like right. Here that. I see all the time that.

I see all the time. So when you're seeing a line that's lower on the eye that's right. Here what you're looking at is somebody who is prone to se one of several things or both it's usually some form of blood sugar issue. So they either have high blood press blood blood sugar low blood sugar or erratic blood sugar if you see that marking and they also have part of their eyebrow missing like a very short eyebrow now you're looking at somebody who probably has some kind of um subtle or diagnosed thyroid issue going on okay.

So a shortened or a an eyebrow that. Fades off combined with this usually indicates a thyroid issue of some kind if it's just this it can be uh it can be blood sugar erratic blood sugar hypo or hyper or it can be um something related to the. Earth element spleen or pancreas which is usually trust issues uh lack of. Sweetness in their life um not feeling fulfilled in their life um things related to that what else you got like.

I said this was your it's your training. So you tell me what you want to know about. Bill full of full of love says. Diddy has the lower lip sign big time all right.

L and. So if equal member of a team has a tendency to get over emotional. Then. I feel over emotional the keeping away from emotions while trying to do a task okay.

So lah when you start to become emotional when other people become emotional that's a sympathetic response you need to physically and emotionally step back change your posture change your breathing and hold it and. Then when you're by yourself you need to unpack the things that triggered you. So that you're no. Longer triggered by them admit audacity is asking hypothyroidism stole my eyebrow yes.

Yes. It will um can you remove disappointment lines yes. You can get rid of the thing that's disappointing you or unpack what's unpack the emotions connected to it and those markings will start to fade. But you're going to need to make a lifestyle change if the reason behind those disappointment lines is related to uh your lifestyle if you're not willing to make the lifestyle change there's only.

So far you can get um vertical lines on the side that asks ask for. V prominent on both sides curving in. So. I'm gonna have to see it.

But a lot of times if you get lines that are kind of coming down and framing the chin l often expressed that as a fear of death or fear of getting old. I have no. Way to corroborate that one way or the other. Samantha says good to know took.

Part of my eyebrow too yeah yeah um. I can. I can it's it's it's fairly accurate um. But those two traits usually have to show up together to really be uh strongly indicative of uh potential thyroid it doesn't mean if you just have one of those markings that your thyroid isn't out a kilter um.

But. I'm far more certain of a diagnosis from a. Chinese medical perspective when both of those cues are um present. So.

Alina is asking when speaking to the left the top lit stays flat and does not move and only the upper right. Lip moves do you have some kind of wistro or neurological damage that caused that. SOA saying full-blown. Hashimoto here okay.

You might be able to do some stuff about that uh lahi says kind of overgiving people. I notice have more lines yes. When you have somebody who's a chronic overg. Giver you're going to see a lot of.

L let me erase this really quick the lines that show up right. Here these are called over nurturing lines and if this goes on long enough and people don't give back it leads to disappointment and after the disappointment mounts to a certain level they start to get bitter now any of these by themselves is usually not good when they start to show up together now you have a recipe for a chronic illness or a terminal one mostly usually cancer. But you'll see one of the things you'll see when you when you get your course is this area of the face corresponds very very strongly with the lower part of the body specifically the intestines the stomach uh the urogenital region and. So a lot of times these people will have.

IBS they'll have. Crohn's disease irritable bowel um um what's the other [Music] one chronic flatulence is not uncommon for these people um because there's a lot of stagnation and. U repressed emotion being locked in the intestines intestines will be very dry. So you might see constipation or diarrhea okay.

Now we're getting into the medical side of things. But the emotions and the energetics of the system feed off of each other. So why is it better to use a left eye when looking at someone. I think it has something to do with hemispheric dominance.

Stella more than anything else because our left eye is controlled by the right. Hemisphere we have uh we tend to perceive the world a little bit more um holistically through that lens instead of looking finding what we're looking for we see what's actually there um. So. Samantha says.

I took. Care of my mom for a long time and. I still can't get rid of those top two lines she passed a couple years ago. I wish they would go away.

Sarah or. Samantha you may need to have to do some therapeutic work on that start with the transformational. Triad and bucket listing uh if you need to go and watch our our seminar how to reprogram this subconscious mind and do all the steps in that video if you still need help call our office and set up a cons consult with me or moss and we'll help you work on that um. Edie.

Hayes. Is saying a horizontal line between the nose and the lip is usually fertility issues um this person has a block usually in the uterus or in the um sometimes the. Fallopian tubes um. But it's usually a jing a jing issue there's some kind of deficiency or blockage that needs to be resolved um is the best way to remove intestinal issues through hypnosis.

Andor regression a lot of studies show that it is a very powerful way to remove those things because the the intestines are an extremely emotional organ and they often they they often take the emotional load from other organs who are are more sensitive. So. I. I'm going to give you a qualified definite maybe on that um because.

I have to be careful what. I say in uh environments like this saman says thank you um admit says trauma sto my thyroid completely well if trauma stopped it. Then we might have a chance to restart it. But you might want to reach out to us and see where that takes you uh.

Stevie. Wonder sees me what about the lines underneath the eyes. That start from the. Scara it's not the.

Lost low lines okay. From the. Scara there are no. Lines that start from the.

Scara that. I'm aware of. Stevie if you can send me a picture or something. I can give you an idea.

Jennifer o is asking what about adults who don't have fixed lines that only show when they have. Expressions also if a person is left eye dominant does that change how they should assess their face you know that is a really good question. Jennifer and the honest answer is. I don't know.

I. I. I don't know uh with regards to that test it and see if it changes how you read people um the other one adults who don't have fixed lines my experience with that has been people who don't have fixed lines when they're uh not expressing an an emotion or fall into one of several categories they either don't feel things as strongly they process emotions very quickly or they're a little on the sociopathic. Spectrum okay.

So what you'll notice is that at least in. Planet. David it's true the majority of people who do a lot of identity by. Design and regression and clearing work on themselves tend to look.

Younger than the people who don't because they're processing that stuff out all the time the people who are constantly helping other people clear their. But aren't focused on clearing their own usually wind up looking older right. Because they're they're not only are they not dealing directly with their emotional toxicity they're also getting the the remnants of the of the that they're clearing and this is and this is also why we we created the package the way we did because if you're going to start opening up people's hearts and minds and and and seeing what's in there you've got to know how to clean your own up you've got to know how to clean their up you've got to know how to manage those relationships. So you get the the the most from the tool right.

Um that's about all we got time for. So. I'm going to go ahead and give you guys a. Last call uh for tonight's webinar offer um once again for those of you who um enjoyed this please like and share um when the when the replay of this video goes live if.

I did not answer your question or you want a deeper answer go to the comment section be underneath this video when it goes live type in your question and. I'm happy to type you an answer if. I know the answer. I'll tell you if.

I don't know the answer. I'll tell you that too. So here's what you get click that link right. Now before it's too late before all the splots are gone secrets of face reading home study course $1,997 value you're also going to get the defense against the dark art world's number one.

NLP training program for the. Last two years it's a $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the real world hypnosis identity by. Design home study course add at $1,497 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get people reading for fund and profit home study course $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring trial and 13-year video archive 1,9 $97 value you're going to get that for free you're going to get the face reading for fund and profit level two valued at $1,497 or $1,997 we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the uh. VIP super ticket to our. Next five element face reading program valued at $3,150 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. VIP super ticket to the special uh 3-day virtual healing intensive.

October 11th through the 13th 2024 and you can do that from your home by all means please click those links in the chat uh to reserve your spot total value on this package is $1 15,629 guys if you click that link you can get it all for just one low installment of 9.97 uh 85 58 282 4663 is the customization phone number or you can break that down into three easy installments of 397 each just click those links right. Now www.lpower.com um my other me says you can also text. I hope you guys enjoyed the show please click those links before it's too late remember when. I log off the webinar face reading 2 goes away.

Mastermind program goes away uh face reading live goes away virtual healing intensity goes away if you're on the fence click that link you got 60 days to fly it if it works for you you're golden if it doesn't you get your money back. I love you all it's been fun. I love this stuff it changes my life it changes my understanding of humans every time. I teach it and the words of the immortal.

Carol. Bernette. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long good night my friends. I love you all.
