Title: MIND CONTROL SKILLS - &quot;Reality Is an Illusion – Here’s How to Wake Up in the Dream&quot;
File Name: s4jWKmUKou8.txt
Video Id: s4jWKmUKou8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4jWKmUKou8

Because the deeper you get and. I'm warning you this is not the stuff. I. I'm into right.

Now is not for everybody it's it it's it's it's playing hell with my my whole belief system my value systems everything is is in constant state of flux because uh there's a part of me that just wants to pull a plug on all this and go meditate on a. Mountain somewhere for the rest of. Eternity right. And.

So. But that's not why. I came we didn't come here to shop right. And.

So as much as we want things to be able and joyful and happy and that's our natural state by the way. But the idea is to be able to to to maintain and and and embody that even when the world around us is burning to the ground and it's not seems that way not that and it's not that we're delusional it's actually this it's the opposite we understand that the external world the forms and the things that that we're attached to those are the. Illusions and that's a process we all have to go through and sometimes the spirit world in its in its enthusiasm to divest us of those. Illusions will throw us head.

First into the just. So we can get a wakeup call right. And that can happen uh and again nothing you can you can this is you're awake in the dream all of you are basically at. Disney.

World for the spirit right. Now right. And some of you are on the uh some of you are on uh. Mr.

Toad's. Wild. Ride some of you are on. Magic.

Mountain some of you are in the know. Pirates of the. Caribbean metaphorically or spiritually speaking right. And you're going to have different experiences they're all just there for you to learn and play and grow once you become awake in the dream and you start peeling back these layers and you start to perceive a greater reality it it can be very challenging because you're walking you're you're in.

Two. Worlds and you have to you have to maintain a presence in both and that's why the grounding and the rooting is. So important because you have to be a spirit embodying a physical. But this isn't your home right.

And. So we if for us to really be. Neo in. The.

Matrix we have to be fully embodied you mentioned um the. Last uh em um. I've done that actually a few times. Advanced grounding um.

I'm going to try it again you know. So you you mentioned that it would would help. I got. Renee.

I believe and. I'm going to try that again yeah. So use the dissolving process. I gave you.

So imagine big bang big crunch you got you understand physics right. So you bring that energy in you expand out into it you dissolve into it and you bring it in and you imagine what you want. Then you let it go you bring it in and you let it go and you bring it in and you let it go and when you're ready to end the meditation you gather up all the energy you bring it down into your lower donen you seal it and you store it and ground what does that do again um um these expansion exercise it it radiates your intention out into the universe oh okay. Oh okay.

Makes sense my other couple questions are related to think comments um that well the. Next question. I had was um about obstacles with my business um just generally speaking like for instance. I don't know if you know what.

I do for. I'm a lawyer. I trade. But.

I involved with the industry. I have a wholesale trade and uh. I buy products that are that are strategic products they can resell. So um some.

I have a brother that does the same thing it seems like sometimes um. I can't explain why. I get run to obstacles um to get these products um. But in contrast to my brother seems like it just like some of these things land in his lap and uh.

I mean. I'm not sure if it's like my ego like just just looking at someone else it's just he's just got a he's he's just got a higher connection to positive um probabilities that can be cultivated how do. I do that or how do. I get eliminate the obstacles that you don't eliminate obstacles you just you just build up your luck yeah how do.

I do that. I gave you those meditations at the. Last vibrational influence training um try. I mean.

I've done a number of them. I'm trying to think remember the. Divine elixir the waterfall yeah oh yeah absolutely. I know.

I just didn't know it by name yeah do that every day okay. Yeah definitely.
