Title: NLP 21 Most Powerful Words in Human Language  Psychological Secrets |Hypnotic  Mind Control Language
File Name: s5SYkYq-xM0.txt
Video Id: s5SYkYq-xM0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5SYkYq-xM0

Hey everyone welcome to my uh my pregame introduction i'm david snyder and uh in a few moments we will be actually logging into uh one of the newest social media platforms on the planet known as clubhouse and i will be presenting on something that i've spent a good portion of my professional career as well as my personal career talking about which is the 21 most powerful words in human language now these 21 words are representative of a series of patterns of categories of language that once you understand them cause you to give to have the ability to really psychologically and neurologically influence anyone you meet these particular patterns of language were. First discovered from from the founders of nlp uh john grinder and richard bandler uh by modeling a very famous guy by the name of dr milton erickson many of you know may have heard of him there's another gentleman who was also fundamental in the understanding of the covert side of nlp which is dr dave dobson i discovered these language patterns back in the early 90s and my little snyder sense went off and i realized that in in this context where there's smoke there's fire and i've spent a good chunk of my my life delving deeper into what's behind these patterns why do they work and how can we use them very powerfully to influence ourselves one-on-one as well as groups how can we use this to improve our writing and our sales and marketing materials and our offers and our interpersonal and professional lives. So um i'm recording this on zoom while at the same time i will be interacting with folks on clubhouse uh i have a few some visual things that i'm going to be putting up on the screen partly for me. So i can i have a reference when i'm talking to the people on clubhouse.

But also uh for you. So if you find value again this is kind of a fly on the wall video i will be directing most of my attention to the people on clubhouse. But i wanted to include you in this process and. So i will be uploading this for you shortly as soon as it's done uh and all the pdfs will be available for you i will give you a special url that you can go to you can uh you just give your name an email and we will email you the pdf downloads from this talk um and uh just sit back and enjoy the show and uh like i said we'll be getting started in probably five or six minutes and uh let's see how this goes this is my.

First attempt at doing something like this and uh hopefully it's gonna work out really really good. So we'll talk to you soon take care let me get this room started in a couple of seconds here seeing if there's anyone that might be interested i can ping in okay. Cool yeah um i think actually i should probably ping some people myself. But if anybody can ping people in who might be interested in this this is going to be this could be a very short session or this could be extremely long it's really up to all of you.

But uh i'm happy to share for as long as as people find it useful or. However. So yeah i think it's going to be interesting um. So maybe you could just take a couple seconds and introduce yourself and share all your credentials and.

So on because i know whenever people ask me about my bio and i start to to uh read i have to edit it because um if you read the entire thing it looks like i'm the world's biggest braggart or i'm desperately trying to compensate for something. So i'll let you guys figure out which is which i just have a voracious appetite to to learn and discover and and put things together in ways that solve problems very very quickly because i don't have time for low percentage techniques uh and i don't have time for you know i don't know if i can say that in a room of such etiquette educated and eloquent people. But uh you know i don't i don't waste my time on low percentage techniques if it doesn't work for the average human being in the minimum amount of time with the highest percentage of uh results i i i quickly put it on the uh to be explored. Later pile um.

But for those of you who are maybe unfamiliar with my work my name is dr david snyder i'm a doctor of acupuncture oriented medicine i've been a practicing acupuncturist since 2005. i graduated from for my master's degree i graduated from southern california university of health sciences in whittier california and for my doctorate i graduated from pacific college of oriental medicine i've been involved in the study of hypnosis hypnotherapy and various forms of energetics and energy psychologies since about the age of 15 i started actually exploring psychic phenomena as well as various forms of taoist esoteric qigong and yoga and things of that nature those studies led me to explore all the different approaches to mind body uh applications and uh in 2000 again and i again everything about me was about solving problems and and being more successful in all the aspects of my life that had nothing to do with fixing other people if you'd have told me 30 40 50 years 30 40 years ago that i'd be sitting in a room 15 hours a day you know helping other people's transform their lives i call it figuratively mostly shoveling other people's i'd have laughed at you it was simply not on my radar um and uh. But one of the interesting things happens is that as you explore ways to solve your problems and you discover those solutions it frees up your bandwidth to explore other areas that you didn't think would ever be important to you and lo and behold what i also discovered along that way was that many of the problems that i had that i found solutions too other people had and and they were actually interested in hearing how i fixed them and. So i've been running a clinic now in solana beach california since about 2005 where my specialty has been treating physiological illness that has its roots repressed emotion. So while many people deal with weight loss and smoke cessation and there's nothing wrong with those some people deal with life coaching and i've never thought of myself as a coach i'm a trainer i'm a teacher i'm a therapist.

But i've never considered myself a coach although some people would would pitch and hold me that way and i don't have any negative connections to that word. But i'm gonna give you a problem gonna fix it. Next and that's just how it's gonna be we're gonna fix it we're gonna move you on um. But what i've what i've been treating in clinically since 2005 was terminal and chronic illness that's rooted in repressed emotion and that's been been my happy place it's been my zone in my lane for for 15 years and we've learned a tremendous amount about how people work from the inside out parallel to those studies and in many cases foundational to those studies was my few my studies in the field of nlp and hypnosis and one of the things that i fell in love with nlp and hypnosis at a very early age i embraced it and i knew there was.

So much more that was not being discovered or or talked about in these areas it just became a lifelong passion for me and. So in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer in the world by globalgurus.org my premier influence program which uh was named the number one nlp course of the year by globalgurus.org which is funny to me because i never promoted that particular program the name of the program is killer influence and don't let the name fool you it's actually about moving through the world making everyone around you feel ridiculously good. So they just give you everything you want and. Then you can build on that platform uh we're probably going to change that now because facebook.

Has gotten a little bit more fascist in titles and words you can and can't use. So we're probably going to change that to charisma and social influence a little bit more pc title still all the same material move through the world making everyone you want feel ridiculously good and showing them how to get everything they want by giving you what you want i've authored over 15 different products in the. Last 12 years on various forms of human influence everything ranging from how to cure terminal and chronic illness all the way up to dating dating applications relationship applications sales and marketing applications and one of the places where that stuff crosses over with why we're here today is because one of the things i fell in love with very very early on right. Around circa 2002 2003 was the art and science of direct response copywriting and one of the things i saw very very quickly was that the best uh hypnotist in writing on the planet barring romance writers was actually direct response copywriters especially the old school ones you know back when we still had to put a check in the mail and and fill out an order form and walk it down to the mailbox and put a stamp on i know a lot of you are too young to remember those days.

But that's kind of the people i studied one of the people i studied during that phase was a gentleman named cameron cleveland who introduced me to the core set of words that i'm about to introduce to you uh in this in this in this meetup group or in this uh in this clubhouse meeting these are these were originally titled the 18 most powerful words in the english language i've spent the. Last 15 to 20 years probably exploring and going deeper about what's behind these words how they work why they work and and just testing them in as many different applications as i can and these are by far in in in you know. But regardless of what your background is if you come from an nlp background you come from a uh an ericksonian hypnosis background depending on which which playground you play in nlp lists anywhere between 31 and 60 distinct different types of language patterns that you could use. But they don't tell you they don't teach you which ones give you the biggest bang for your buck which ones are the hardest to resist that go right.

To the core of a person's neurology that change and modify their internal beliefs perceptions and the structure of their thoughts they just lay it out in front of you like a big buffet and say here you pick right. And a lot of you know some of the more naturals they kind of get a sense of what the ones what the most powerful patterns are. But for a lot of us coming out of an nlp class we actually have no. Clue it's like a big salad and we just don't know which which is the the protein and which is the fat and which are the carbs you can i'm using a lot of food metaphors.

So maybe there's maybe i'm hungry what do you think yeah i'm pretty hungry too. But i like it keep going keep going it's making a lot of sense okay. So um. First and foremost uh there there will be some uh supplemental materials that i'm i will provide for you guys um i'll show you how to go and download those uh after the after the event um.

So the. First thing let's start with the words themselves that i want to talk about and. Then i want to teach you a little bit about what's behind those words. So the um the.

First set of words that i'd like to talk about come from well you know what better yet let's let's do this i'm going to give you a choice of four things and you tell me by a vote in the room which one you'd like to learn. First. So here's here here are the four choices you tell me which one you want you're going to learn them all it's just what do you want to start with. So if you could if there was one simple way of speaking that could cause a person's internal mind movies the movies they make in their mind to be exactly what you describe is that pretty cool if they're now that's choice number one if there was a way to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener almost without fail would that be something worth learning.

Third one um david sorry i just want to invite people in the audience to kind of like raise their hand and come up on stage if they'd like to say or speak or choose or anything. So i just wanted to keep this interactive and wanted to sorry to interpret it and put that out there again this is you know i'm here to you know you're that you're my host you tell me how you want me to do this and i'm happy to do it. So yeah. So i think yeah you should just keep going in the name all four anyone in the audience wants their hand to come up on stage and mention what they'd like feel free all right.

So. First of all okay. So the. First choice is if you could make any if you can make a person's own internal movies be exactly what you describe almost without fail in a way that they wouldn't resist it at all would that be interest would would you be learning how to do that.

Second choice was if you can make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener where do you place that in a priority of what you'd like to learn. First the. Third choice is if you can make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener even if they have absolutely no. Logical causal relationship to one another if you could make that happen and give them the perception of that would that be something that you think might be useful in any any form of communication and.

Finally the. Third the fourth one is if you could literally using one simple set of language patterns or cue keywords literally direct a person's focus of attention to exactly what you want to the exclusion of everything else and. Then have their mind literally start to undergo whatever state or process or experience that you describe where would you rate that in order of importance in in terms of the four patterns or the four categories of effect that uh we're going to talk about. First.

So go ahead yeah i'm going to um collect you is it am i pronouncing oh yes. That's correct oh okay. Yeah coach welcome to the stage and um since you're the only person up here i always like to refer to other people if they have the chance and they want to say something. So what would you like out of the four options that dr david shared honestly those were options i'd like to thank you for being here taking the time out and uh i'll say option a and a c and d the.

First. Third and fourth options with the most interesting and i can't really choose it's hard to choose i get it that's that's kind of why um that's kind of why i asked you and and actually that because here's the thing you're going to learn all of them. But one of the things i discovered over the years is as i delve deeper into these patterns and i really discovered what they are how they work what they actually do my favorite one changed. So the order in which i taught them always changed too.

So i always try to find out and this is goes back to being you know focusing on influence you always want to find out what your audiences want when i talk about an audience i just don't talk i'm not just talking about an audience of a you know a group of people like we have here in clubhouse. But an audience of one because everything people do is in response to a need inside of them that they want to satisfy and. So the moment you speak to that need you gain the maximum attention possible from that person's neurology and that is the currency of relationships the more attention you get the more deeply and rapidly you build rapport and the more powerfully these words can work for you. So thank you.

So again uh a seemed to be like the your number one choice. So maybe that's where we'll start anybody else have a preference actually anything you'd like to share in terms of your preference for the four things that dr david shared uh they all sound really fascinating to me this is ashley um i am i'm i'm interested in them all of course i'm most interested i think in two and four two and four perfect perfect two and four excellent they're close enough hi victor thanks for having me up here on stage i'm like i'm fascinated by your work and i would say one or four are the ones that interest me the most okay. Okay. So let's with at the risk of putting off the inevitable let's go ahead and jump in.

So here's i'm going to give you the words. First now i'm going to give you a bonus i'm not going to give you 18 words i'm going to give you 21. we're going to go through each segment of words and we're going to talk about what they represent because the 21 most powerful words in human language are actually representative of seven distinct categories of language. So once you understand the the key word that i want you to focus in on i want you to understand that this is the perfect time to go to a thesaurus or a dictionary and look. Up other words that you can begin to categorize in the way i'm going to share with you because one of the things that that these effects once you understand how to categorize them properly and you know what the effect of each one is you can begin to engineer your writing your verbal you if you're doing any kind of public speaking to make all of your marketing and promotional materials ridiculously neurologically more compelling it'll cause people to become tremendously absorbed in the processes and the stories that you're relating and you'll be able to really on a very micro level engineer a person's internal experience.

So let's start with category one which goes with how we can make a person's internal mind movies be exactly what we want them to do now the sample words in this category and there's three are easily naturally and unlimited once again easily naturally and unlimited from a neuro-linguistic perspective from a linguistics term these fall into the category of the adverb adjective presupposition now before you get all panicky because thinking we're going to study grammar we're not there's a specific strategy that you need to employ adverbs describe verbs obviously adjectives describe nouns now that's as far into grammar as we're going to go. But here's the interesting thing about how this works the strategy you want to employ when you begin to use the adverb adjective category in other words the easily naturally and automatically you want to put it before whatever it is you're about to describe. So i'll use a very simple like four word statement or two words three three word statement if i were to say the hamburger right. Well you get a picture in your mind of a hamburger right.

Now if i say the hamburger that was rancid you may notice that i said the hamburger and. Then you had to back up your picture and turn it rancid if that was true go ahead and just flash your mics for me. So i can i can see i might not have left enough time between it okay. The strategy you want to employ is you want to put your descriptors before the things they describe.

So now i'm going to give you a simple another simple sentence. But i'm going to do it structured properly the juicy hamburger tasted delicious right. Now notice how much more readily your mind made that picture okay. Did anybody notice a difference in how it felt when you when when you heard it right.

So let's let's unpack this a little bit. So again the sample words in this category are easily naturally and unlimited. So what i'm gonna and what happens with this particular pattern is that your neurology is geared around vivid descriptions and when we begin to utilize this structure we put the thing that the scriptures before the things they describe it forces a person's internal representations as we say in nlp their internal pictures sounds smells tastes whatever to be exactly what we describe the best part about it is is that they build those internal pictures from their own internal resources and. So to them is completely organic to them and they they assume we know exactly what we're talking about and that the pictures they have in their own head are exactly what we describe you know if i were uh if i were showing a picture i'm holding a smart water bottle now we all know that smart water bottles are very very clear right.

And if i if i were to take water and fill this smart water bottle that i'm holding with water it would obviously be it would take off the the container itself would take on the color of the liquid which is also transparent. But if i were to pour orange juice in this smart water bottle the shape the weight the the capacity of the bottle would not change. But our perceived color of that bottle would based on the on what we filled it with if i put coffee in here it's going to turn brown like coffee we're going to assume the bottle's brown this is exactly what happens when you put the descriptors before the thing they describe it it creates what i call an empty vessel that the person themself fills in their own content that is exactly what you describe. But it's based on their own resources their own memories their ideas their beliefs let's explore this just a little bit more i'm going to give you this is a sentence i always pull on my students i'm going to give you a very badly formed sentence and i want you to pay attention to how your neurology creates the internal experience of it this is i'm gonna i'm gonna be very very upfront with you those of you on the clubhouse call this is gonna be one of the most dangerous classes you've ever been in for a number of reasons a it's primarily done through the auditory channel you cannot hear these words without them affecting you.

So here's what i recommend for everything i'm teaching you you write them down because one of the byproducts of these language patterns is that when you when you process them auditorily you get the message it goes in it's accepted and processed by your neurology. But you forget the words and you can you can play with that right. Now as you fully begin to understand the unlimited power of these amazing patterns you'll rapidly discover new ways you can use them to tremendously expand your ability to persuade in unlimited ways okay. Now all i did there was i incorporated the three language patterns and i just said a couple sentences how much of what i said can you remember oh yeah i'm okay.

Right. You just you just literally what just happened for you victor was what what what were you saying what right. Did you have did you again if you didn't have that experience tell me. But were you completely what did it feel like when i hit you with that like okay.

Um i i don't know if that's because i'm kind of focusing on moderating. But just well you said that that kind of like maybe wait what what did you say exactly you see this particular language pattern is one if this one by the way now that you know what to look. For you will see it everywhere go read your shampoo bottle go read um any any automobile brochures that you have uh you will hear this this pattern they put the descriptors before the things they describe it literally forces your neurology to create these hollow words that have to that need to be filled in with your own content that creates a very powerful state of cognitive absorption in what's happening because you created it. So as you fully begin to understand the power of an adverb adjective presupposition you'll rapidly discover yourself putting them in in front of the things they describe in ways that are new and creative and yet cause people to just kind of look.

At you and go okay. That was cool and as you realize the power you have you'll fully be able to integrate and utilize these things in therapy in direct response over emails chats and texts and that's really cool right. What do you think victor uh i'm loving how this is going just keep going man all right. This is one pattern by the way this is one right.

Now let's go back to the drill. So i'm going to give you a sentence that is structurally yucky okay. This is i always have fun with this. But this is always fun.

So the camel that was green with three legs break danced up the hill and exploded now aside from the fact that it was a lot of pauses i have a quick question and you can just you know some and i'm happy to interact with people if they want. But when i said camel how many of you what color was your camel tan tan right. How about kalechi what color was your camel brother or ashley my pocket actually how about you what color was your camel red red okay. Cool.

So what happened when i said green i got really disoriented exactly exactly here's what here's the process remember something and this is there's a great book. Called how emotions are made and her the lady who wrote it her name always escapes me. But it's on the theory of constructed emotions and one of the things she goes into great detail on in that book. Is that your neurology doesn't exist in real time it's always taking all the information it has and predicting what's going to happen in the.

Next few nanoseconds and. Then if it matches we just keep moving forward if it doesn't match without your conscious understanding without your conscious awareness your neurology literally rewinds that prediction adds in the new information and moves forward as if that's what was supposed to happen all along in this is this this is an analog to what happens to us linguistically when we hear a word like camel the. First thing that happens is our brain goes through all kinds of filing cabinets it finds every association that we have to the word camel and it looks the context it looks at the environment and it guesses what i mean and it fires that picture below the threshold of our at conscious awareness and that begins the process of prediction. But when the descriptors become when the descriptors come after the the that that.

First piece and nlp we call that a transderivational search when the descriptors come afterwards we literally have to back up the picture we made change it and move forward and people will only do that for. So long before like some of you discovered right. Away you went into confusion or you became cognitively overwhelmed when people are cognitively overwhelmed they turn off they click away they they look. For something interesting.

So when you put the descriptors in front of the things they describe it literally forces a person to fill in the right. Details now i'm going to give you another sentence and now the the adverbs and adjectives are going to be in the proper place and i want you to pay attention to how your experience may or may not be different from the previous sentence i'm going to put pauses in it again just because. But i want you to get again to experience this again one of the problems with studying these patterns especially on an auditory format like clubhouse is that the very the very channel that you're using to learn it is the one that's being direct most directly impacted by the words. So when i teach people how to do this i make them write these things down i make them understand what the words are what the pattern is uh what they actually do and that more than anything else uh if you take nothing else away from from the training today or the discussion that we're having today on these words understand what these words do and.

Then you'll be able to consciously deliberately create powerful communications for yourself that automatically predispose people to wanting to do the things you want them to do. So the. First thing is uh here's the sentence properly formed and. Then i want you to just go ahead and notice the difference in your internal experience the black robed staff carrying magician majestically walked down the hall and vanished now i'm curious what your experience of that particular sentence was as it really in contrast or it may be it's the same as the.

First one what did you discover yeah that was mentally a lot smoother almost buttery compared to the. First one it just sounded like a blender out of a control exactly and this is why this particular pattern is. So important if you want to keep people stuck to your page if you want to keep people hanging on your every word and reading every line that you write because the human being loves to be transported now i don't know if any of you are familiar with the concept of transportability transportability is that flowy kind of trancey feeling you get whenever you're completely immersed in a story or a compelling narrative okay. Neurologically there are six elements that go into this concept of transportability this particular pattern because of its very nature and the structure of it forces you to become cognitively transported and absorbed in the information that you're be that you're giving and.

So when you wrap your information in these words. First of all on a neurological level this goes into a concept in nlp we call presupposition your neurology must literally literally create the unconscious backstory that supports all the imagery that's going on in your head and it automatically operates on all that stuff as if it were true like for example when i said the black robe staff carrying magician right. Well that just popped into your head and you're like okay. I know what a magician is i know what i i know what a black robe is and all this stuff you never bothered to question if it actually existed because it was a priest it was what we call presupposed precip presuppositions are assumptions that your neurology has to make just to understand the communications we're getting and what again we're at the technical level with this right.

Now right. You know baby level i don't want to i don't want to talk down to anybody. But just understanding how to plug these words in in the proper place will create the effect you want you if you want to go deeper i can show you you know if this is this you know i'm holding my hands apart if this is the scope of everything there is to learn we have time for maybe you know a thumbnail's worth. But i'll take you as deep as i can in the time we have.

So structurally what you want to do using easily naturally automatically as your as your base you always always always put the descriptor before what it describes it eliminates cognitive friction it forces a person's internal mind movies to be exactly what you describe everything that follows that descriptor the neurology processes as if it's true and and it doesn't want to back up and it analyzed the picture because it doesn't want to break the flow of the narrative. So this is one of the most again when i. First this was the very. First pattern i learned right.

And i spent years like teaching this one. First because i thought well that was just the coolest thing since sliced bread and it is don't get me wrong. But that's one pattern if you start stacking the rest of these seven patterns together or even these words together if you take it just by the 21 word list that i'm going to share with you your your writing whether it's copy whether it's marketing whether it's you know service delivery whether it's hypnotic suggestions what have you is going to take on such a uh immense level of impact on a person's wrong and it doesn't matter by the way um whether you're doing this one-on-one or a group through a zoom call through chat it doesn't matter they're the person's ability to consciously process this information actually drops while their feelings of well the good feelings they have actually go up. So this is a very very useful uh pattern to to play with.

So before we go on anything else i'd like to take any questions that we have on this david i have a question sure uh. So i've actually taken your killer influence course and uh these vivid descriptors have actually like really changed my life um i just my question here for you is what happens if you echo technique and. Then you interject like these vivid descriptors like have you done this before and what was the outcome uh it's a magnifier they they stack one of the things that i teach you i taught you in killer influence and one of the things i'm doing here now is i'm teaching you these techniques individually in isolation the true power and i think you've probably experienced this already is when you stack them you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts. So if you incorporate adverb adjective presups into your echo technique you're going to dramatically amplify the power that you're delivering because hey echo technique for those of you who don't know what echo technique and thank you for mentioning that alex the echo technique is simply using as many of a person's very own words in as close to the order you heard them as you can during an organic conversation and using that as a base to either ask questions ask for clarification or describe your own experiences within their words when you start to plug in these descriptors you magnify that okay.

My only caveat alex would be when i was originally taught these words i was taught to just load them up in verbal speaking as much as possible i if i'm using the echo technique in conjunction with this i would be very very conscious of how much pupil dilation unconscious head nodding and engagement a person gets when you use them to determine what's the right. Amount now when you use a person's very own words they simply can't look. Away they can't turn away it forces their neurology to pay attention once you once if you stack the adverbs and adjectives properly now they become sucked into whatever narrative that you're giving them and the thing about narrative that we need to understand is it's never perceived as an attempt to persuade or influence it changes people's beliefs attitudes and behaviors in the background and because it creates such a powerful pleasant trance process in people they don't want to argue with even if you if you're giving them inaccurate information more often than not they will remain quiet in quiescent until the story is done um and by the time it's done they've forgotten what they were arguing with in the. First place in most cases.

So i hope that answers your question it really does thank you. So much my pleasure any other questions happy dancing david can i just ask really quickly is it easily naturally unlimited or is it easily naturally and automatically yes. I gave you a very abbreviated list. But one of my favorite ones is automatically.

But the ones i originally learned were easily naturally and unlimited thank you yep. So as you fully begin to understand how easily these patterns can be created you'll rapidly undergo a transformation how you think about language which will allow you to use your language more powerfully in unlimited ways right. I like that right. So and what here's the best thing about these patterns they don't sound vague creepy or confusing they don't sound like you're using hypnotic language because it's i don't call them hypnotic language patterns although some of my some of my students know them as hypnotic language parents i call them neurocognitive language patterns in other words these are going to affect your cognition linguistically on a neurological level we've actually had people one of my colleagues richard rumble back in 2005 i was i was just starting to teach this publicly and his mother-in-law had suffered a stroke and she was um in and out she was not very very lucid um and he he went to visit her and i don't know why he did this he just started to rift to her using this these language patterns that i'm teaching you and she focused on him oriented and had a conversation as long as he kept using the patterns the minute he stopped using the pattern she faded out again now the only thing again this is purely anecdotal i've never tested this beyond that in fact i didn't test it it was one of my colleagues who tested this.

But these patterns influence your language centers in a very profound way and when they're used deliberately in an engineered communication they will cause your brain to process information on a completely different level or in a completely different way and that's the only thing i can think of um that would account for that effect is that it opened up different neurological channels or different sensory cortexes that caused her to be able to focus and orient on that communication. But that's a that's a true story and and it's it's it changed my my really my understanding of the power of these patterns okay. Just want to take a quick. Second to do sorry to interrupt that you just want to reset the room and help orient the people who are coming in and out hello everyone welcome to the 18 most powerful words in the english language and how to use them um this is a create 12 with words uh room where we have a special guest of the day is dr david snyder who is uh named the number one nlp trainer in the world in the 2020 as well as having the number one nlp course in that year he's been very very gracious with his time to come in and just teach us um these 18 powerful words as well as a few language patterns and things that we can use to um what it's for persuasions for implementation.

But for networking whether it's for marketing it's up to your imagination what you on the different ways that you can apply these words. But he's graciously offered his time to teach us all and answer questions about them and with that david please feel free to continue great and thank you. So much victor by the way um i i i'm. So grateful for victor uh for inviting me to to come and speak and and to share these with you these these patterns literally change the course of my life i did from many people don't know this.

But i didn't start college until i was 33 years old and if it wasn't for the graces of an amazing woman who literally drugged me by the ear into the admissions office i probably would not be sitting you know here here with you today because i thought i was too dumb to go to college believe it or not um turns out that college english professors love hypnotic language and by the end of the. First semester she was offering me scholarships to to become the editor of the student newspaper because of the power of because i use these patterns i knew these patterns before i went to college i just used them in all my essays and thesises and things like that and she was. So impressed by the writing uh the power of these that she just wanted me to do more and more stuff and that that became that changed the course these patterns literally changed the course of my life i graduated from my undergraduate with a 4.0 i graduated with honors i didn't ask for um i had i was the only work study with his own office i was recruited i worked for both of my colleges and admissions uh because of these patterns um and. So when i share them there there's something that's very near and dear to my heart there's no.

Theory here you don't have to believe a damn thing i'm telling you just understand the structure understand the words set an outcome and practice writing sample sentences and. Then just read them out loud the secret to this is you must write them you must look. At them and you must speak them if you just try. So i'll just remember what he said no.

I'm promise you you won't if you want to install these patterns this is one of the reasons that a lot of people who come to nlp and study these things have such a hard time with them a because a lot of nlp training don't give you the the aspects of it that i'm giving you they'll give you the name of the pattern they'll give you kind of what it is. But they don't tell you what it does and the other part is they don't train you how to use how to how to own it and you know again i'm not i i didn't design my programs for the geniuses in the room i designed them for the. Third graders. So here's if you want to get really good at this kind of language i don't care if you're a direct response copywriter i don't care if you're a linguistic programmer i don't care if you're focused on dating and relating applications i don't care if you're doing adwords right.

I've done it all right. And that's actually i fell in love with the whole idea of internet marketing and direct response marketing practically from the same time that i i moved to la and and. So there there's a powerful crossover between these patterns. But we need to we need to we need to make them application specific.

So i'm going to ask you to do some things that you may not want to do right. You may just want to sit there and absorb the information you may be driving or whatever. But i'm going to ask you to do something for me that will take this to a functional level for you we're going to go into the other seven pattern are those six patterns really you know again. But i want you to i want to follow the same format it goes like this for every every set of patterns that i give you i want you to write down at least three to six up to nine sentences for each of the patterns.

So the. First thing i want you to do in your mind is i want you to set a context if you're going to write advertising fine if you're going to do these as a hypnotic suggestion fine if there's something you might use on a job interview fine. But set a context because one of the hardest things to do is create these patterns or lang language built from these patterns if you haven't set an outcome or a context. First and what i usually teach my students to do is the.

First three patterns that you write are the. First sample sentences that you write are just for structure they're just simple like for example as you easily begin to understand these patterns you'll naturally find yourself using them more and more in unlimited ways simple sentence that could have been three sentences that could have been one long sentence right. But it's very very simple as you as you find yourself learning this process you'll automatically find unlimited uses to naturally incorporate them into your language in a way that makes perfect sense right. It doesn't matter how simple or complex i want you to keep them simple because you need to understand the structure you need to be able to go back and say i need to plug in a descriptor here i need to plug in a descriptor here i need to move this one from the back to the front.

So you can engineer the exact kind of internal experience that you want your listener to have okay. So write them down write them down write them down write them down the. First three are just to wire in the structure of what you're doing the. Second three are application specific if you were if you needed some magic linguistic bullets that you were going to take out into the field tomorrow and actually use with a client a customer a direct marketing piece a google ad a chat room right.

Pick that outcome decide what you want and write three sentences using this pattern that you could take out into the field tomorrow and use okay. We're building you up in direct marketing and copywriting we call a swipe file of link of magic bullets okay. So you can do that while i'm talking i can give you a few minutes to do that it's up to you i will take one more question and. Then i want to move on to the.

Next pattern okay. I'll ask this one really quickly i get in arguments with my manager when i'm writing copy and he wants to take out a lot of these words. But you're speaking to the majority of the population there are outliers that can kind of decode these patterns is that true or help me understand my manager okay. Well again if you're coming from a you know an old school direct response copy approach um their whole approach is how many words need to be on the page just enough to get the message across and nothing less many times um when we start adding on the descriptors and this is this is again a tweak for writing okay.

Uh and again i don't know who are you writing for uh scientific communities are you writing for technical journals i own a yoga studio okay. And i'm trying to write to my you know for marketing purposes okay. Then you absolutely want to use these words um the problem is you got you got somebody above you who is saying you can't use these words right. So here's here's how i would approach it i'd say hey whoever that boss is or whatever i would say i'm actually i'm actually the boss oh okay.

All right. So he doesn't get he doesn't get his way. But we like to have front discussions right. Good okay.

Here's the thing women especially and again i'm i'm you know probably being gender exclusive or whatever i said. But the vast majority of people i know who do yoga are female that doesn't mean i don't know a lot of guys who do yoga. But here's the thing the more descriptive you make what you do the more compelling and absorption facilitating they become and. So everybody i know and i've done a uh who've you who've used these kinds of words in their writing has seen a bump in absorption in in this their sticker in other words people read it longer they tend to take more actions things of that nature here's the problem when you start using this particular pattern in spoken or in written words is in speaking you can load them up as as deliciously and as cumulatively as you want.

But when you're doing this in writing there's a there's a prosthetic it can come across a little strange and confusion creating because there's too many descriptors. So here's the here's the algorithm i follow and it sounds kind of weird. But test it it's called the two in the front one in the back algorithm. So the process is descriptor one descriptor two whatever it is you're describing a descriptor on the end.

So as you easily and naturally begin to understand these patterns deeply you can find yourself wanting to use them more and more. So that sounds really good it has a flow to it when you speak it will have a similar compelling flow to it when you read it. But if you were to put three four or five descriptors in front of that if i was if i said you easily naturally automatically rapidly begin to understand these patterns deeply you see how it kind of makes it a little bit confusing it makes you a little spacey in your head. So one of the ideas is we want to generate a sensation in the minds of the in the minds and body of the reader that's pleasant that's mm that absorbs them.

But doesn't overwhelm them and. So what can and again i don't know how you're writing these. So i you know if you want to send me or you know dm me a sample of your writing i'm happy to go through it and give you some some of my feedback on it if you find that i think that might be useful i'm happy to do that um. But what we discovered is that the two in the front one in the back rule is a great way to integrate these into your writing in such a way that it creates that sticky absorptive transportational experience it presupposes everything you want them to do and the actions you want them to take and it doesn't flag itself.

But if you load it up too um too inelegantly um because of the incongruity of the words or the the jarringness of the language it can say there's something's not quite right. And that's one of the problems with nlp by the way and uh even though i was i i totally believe in the power of nlp i've often been very critical of certain things about it one of the problems with nlp is that it's the most powerful communication model on the planet uh the drawback is it can't accurately describe itself without creating confusion. So people often um err on the side of using very big words very very long eloquent sounding words when you need smaller words that are descriptors the other thing is is that because ana the techniques of nlp are. So powerful if you deploy a technique on somebody or with somebody that you do not soften they won't know what you did.

But the impact of what you did will affect them. So strongly that they will automatically become what we call reactive they will go on the defensive. So one of the things you want to do if you're deploying these kinds of language patterns is a process we call softening. So rather than say as you begin to understand the power of these language patterns you might say something like well i'm wondering as you explore the power of these language patterns how rapidly you'll find yourself using them in ways that are uh liberating for yourself the the softener at the front and that leads into our.

Next language pattern by the way which is called a cause and effect um the softener allows you to create a gentle almost lubricating effect to the techniques that you're deploying and and when i see more often especially people just learning these um is that they they do it in a way that's kind of abrupt or abrasive it creates that that jarring effect when you read it and that leads us into something i want to talk about really quick um whenever you hear a word there's actually three levels of meaning that that word generally has two of them we know about one is cog one is the general usage of the word in other words how is it commonly used in today's jargon right. Then there's the dictionary definition. But as direct response copywriters as agents of influence linguistic engineers. So to speak there's another level that we want to pay attention to when it comes to utilizing language and i call that the meta message now here's what i mean pay attention stop for a moment take an inventory of your body right.

Now and i want you to notice how the feelings change as i say these two words to you the. First one is persuasion notice how you notice how the feelings in your body changed when i said the word persuasion now clear that out come back to a neutral state again it may not be a big deal. But notice the degree now notice what happens to the feelings in your body when i say the word manipulation did you notice a different feeling in your body when i said that word you can just flash me or whatever right. Yeah okay.

This is important and as a direct response copywriter this is this is the big cheese right. Here every time your readers your listeners hear a word they are going to assign a meta message in other words the body is going to generate a feeling that body feeling goes right. To your reticular activating system or your reptile brain and it immediately changes your perceptual filters in other words it changes the frame that you wrap around the communication. So if you're using words that have a strong negative visceral impact on somebody in spite of your intention in spite of the message that you're intending them to convey if the word itself has a negative visceral charge that it generates in that person they're going to be primed and predisposed to viewing your communication through that lens or through that filter this goes back to the work of dr paul ekman who wrote a book.

Called emotions revealed where he where he identified this process he called it the emotional refractory period when we're direct response copywriting we're playing with feelings when we're doing as a linguistic programmer we're playing in the realm of kinesthetics in the realm of feeling and how our language and what we do with our imagination changes our body feelings and everything that human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of. So our job is to engineer that experience for them. So you know as a little sidebar be very be very aware when you're creating copy is there a jar is there anything jarring at any particular moment or is there a meta message to the words that you're writing that kind of jars the flow and if it's not intentional change the word until it smooths out that visceral message does that make sense that's really great thank you yeah um. So.

Then and we talked about softeners. So let's talk about your. Next pattern this pattern if you use it properly will allow you to create very powerful cause and effect relationships in the minds of your subjects or your readers even if those things have absolutely nothing in common okay. The name of this category is called the cause and effect language pattern words sample words in this category are because causes and as those are the sample ones i'm going to give you a bunch more if you want to write these down makes triggers creates allows and genders right.

Embodies okay. Bodies might not be exactly a cause and effect these words allow you to create very powerful very dynamic cause and effect relationships in the minds of your listeners now there's a specific strategy that you want to employ now before we go any deeper into that strategy here's the thing i want to understand about cause and effect it is impossible absolutely impossible to not use cause and effects ever you've been using them your entire life the problem is you haven't been using them as effectively as you could you don't understand the full most people don't understand the full power of it. So here's what i want you to understand everything human beings do when you have information come into your body the. First thing your neurology does is it creates that primary it has that primary experience it re creates a representation of that experience through five parts of your brain your visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory cortexes once it does that it creates a mental movie that you now pay attention to and the.

First one of the. First things your neurology wants to do is figure out okay. What came. First the chicken or the egg what came.

First the car or the the t-bone what came. First the the boy or the girl it's always trying to figure out what came what caused what. So when you use this pattern you are affecting one of the highest levels of a person's internal cognition comes out in your language it's it's it's. So it's it's.

So pervasive we don't even realize we're doing it all the time. So here's how you cause and effect x causes y the x if you want to hack this and you want to make it absolutely un practically unbeatable the. First part of that cause and effect structure which is your ex right. Must be something that is true something that you the person can verify either through their direct experience from memory or through their external senses a visual the auditory the kinesthetical factory guss tory x pattern word why.

So let me go to i actually have a pdf that i'm going to share with you guys um as part of this training if you find it useful and i'll tell you how to get that. So the words in this category are because causes and as as you begin to fully understand the scope and the power of cause and effect language it'll allow you to begin to create very very specific causal effects in the minds of your listener that makes people want to come to the assumptions that you want them to make and because it engages a part of the brain that focuses on plausibility and an effect we call pseudologic people just automatically process what you've said or what you've written with the same level of veracity and certainty as they would a belief now the more congruently you deliver that the more bulletproof this becomes now as you think about it can you see that how maybe using these language patterns could cause you to become a much more powerful and influential persuader okay. Um something that i just want to point out to the room that is absolutely brilliant just as david introduces an example he begins actually intentionally using it in explaining and talking about it. So i've been spotted and noticing you're using as and because it's on the.

Last couple of minutes it's intentionally highlighted right. Because i'm going to get it into you one way or another now here's the secret i'm teaching you on two levels simultaneously i'm teaching you consciously how these things work. But i'm also writing it right. To the hard drive through the power of these words and i'm also giving your unconscious mind a template to follow here's where the all that magic comes together is when you sit down and you physically write out your own examples of these patterns and.

Then start speaking them out loud until you do that part everything inside of you everything that i'm going through great lengths to model and and and stall for you is dormant it may or may not activate out in the real world um you have to build a recall pathway and the fastest way to get this in is through multiple channels of your experience through your visual channel your auditory channel your kinesthetic channel and ultimately through your speaking right. That brings everything together in a very synergistic way right. It's not enough to just listen and take notes right. Um.

So again if you want to get good that's how you do it right. So words in the category i'm just sharing with you are uh because cause and as. But we can also use makes triggers allows creates um and again these are representative of a complete category of words. So as you sit there listening to what i say you'll naturally find yourself looking at ways that you can begin to use these or maybe just thinking about ways that you can use these in ways that make sense and that'll cause you to use these things deliberately and with a positive intention in a way you may have never thought about using these words before doesn't that make sense and.

Then it got very quiet come out of trance guys no. Yeah i like it we're flashing our mic. So we thought you're gonna keep going. But yeah it makes perfect sense okay.

Now i want you to do something uncomfortable i want you to think about what i just said and ask yourself and answer a question for me how does anything that i said cause you to do anything if you really stop and think about it for a moment nothing about what i said can cause you to do any of the things i mentioned. But you didn't most of you even though a lot of you knew i was doing this most of you didn't bat an eye or you started to partially saw he's talking too fast right. And this is this is again one of the powers of this particular pattern when you employ this structure the brain processes it like a belief for example if i'm gonna if i'm gonna use like a real estate context as you explore you know mr prospect as you begin to really go through some of the houses we've picked based on your selection you're gonna realize that this is one of the most uh the houses we show you are to make you one of the happiest people on the planet and as you extend as you see all the things that you've asked in the houses we're showing you you'll be glad you did business with us right. Simple cause and effect structures right.

But again building in some other things. But it sounds very very normal very everyday you know as you begin to go through the points of today's lesson you'll see all the ways that you can use it right. Because you've taken the time to learn these language patterns properly you'll be able to use them more effectively right. It sounds very matter of fact it sounds very just just how it is and yet if you go back and look.

At the x causes y structure how does you hearing me say anything cause you to do anything it doesn't. But your brain lumps them together in such a way that it processes it at the same level as a belief and because has. So many other benefits to it we could spend an hour just unpacking the word because. But it's representative of a whole bunch of other words now i talked earlier about uh softening and softening goes back to something we do in email marketing called reason why you know if you've ever written any emails or sales or promotional emails you always want to tell somebody why you're emailing them right.

Hi my name is david with nlpower.com and i'm reaching out to you today because my parakeet had an existential crisis and i realized that we haven't had a sale in a long time. So i wanted to reach out and just let you know that today for today only you can get 35 off all of our products and services right. Now obviously i don't have a parakeet who's having an existential crisis. But because i said because my parakeet's having an existential crisis you accepted the.

Next part right. We call that a reason why in email marketing it's direct cause and effect anytime i give you an explanation for why i'm about to tell you what i'm about to tell you i do two things simultaneously a i lubricate and soften the communication and b i use a cause-and-effect structure to make everything i say sound natural and normal and plausible does that make sense this is amazing okay. I'm doing my best to connect these different fields from nlp to direct response because i know victor is focused on copy and things of that nature i use these things all the time um in my email i've got i've got a sales editor right. Now i'm excited i just pulled it out of mothballs and we just started emailing too it's got a 31 conversion rate right.

Now. So i'm really excited about that and. So i used a lot of this when i wrote it. So i'm kind of like having a happy moment.

Anyway. So cause and effect here's how it works here's how you make it bulletproof write this down if you have if you haven't have a lot of coffee and cheerleading substances you might want to grab it now because your brain is going to need it one of the problem it's not a problem one of the effects of listening to this language while you're trying to learn this language is it overwhelms your brain you'll go through glucose like it's it's it's mcdonald's hamburgers at mcdonald's right. So you need to make sure you keep your brain fed okay. Write them down x arrow y x must always be something that is true and what i mean by true is i mean it has to be something that the person can verify either through one of their five senses or from memory from their inner experience okay.

So x in nlp terminology we call that a pace. But that that word screws people up because again nlp is full of jargon that that causes people to go into confusion just remember your ex must always be something that's true okay. It can be a story it can be a parable a narrative a bullet point it just has to reflect some aspect of their internal experience or external senses that they can verify. So when i was talking earlier i said as you sit there listening to me well the.

First thing that happened was your narrative says well am i sitting here why yes. I am am i listening to him why yes. I am right. The moment your neurology has at least one confirmation and you apply this structure to it it equates that level of truth to everything that follows it.

So as you sit there listening to me explain cause and effect you're naturally beginning to understand how you can use it to make your sales and influence techniques far more powerful right. Now some of you already challenged that which is good all right. So i i just have the dumbest face of my numbers grin on my face right. Now because what you said oh.

But okay. Just want to take this opportunity to kind of like reset the room hello everyone um welcome to the room this is the 18 most powerful words in english language and how to use them it is hosted under the creator of the words club hello everyone my name is victor i'm a copywriter and once a week i like bringing on a special guest to talk about a certain topic that they are very very good at this week we have dr david snyder who is an nlp trainer and also does a lot of work in there if you go to his instagram page you will find like 45 minute long videos of different training sessions that he does to help people in different top sort of areas today he has great shifts they graciously offered us his time to explain what these 18 most powerful words are and it's also offering up a bonus and that is teaching us 21 and he's separating them into seven types of categories of language and explaining them. So thought thoroughly also answering questions from the audience if you'd like to participate feel free to raise your hand i'll get a notification and i'll bring you up on stage and you have any questions you can ask for dr david. But otherwise i see a lot of people who've been staying in the room for a while i imagine you're all enjoying the information sharing um please feel free to give him a follow he's also speaking on clubhouse i found him on clubhouse and just as he's been sharing such impressive in mindblowing information here um he also does.

So on clubhouse and on his instagram to check him out in both areas um with that interruption thank you. So much and david please keep keep keep keep blowing our minds i'll do my best my friend i'll do my best uh and by the way just for the record i love questions and they send me off on all kinds of squirrel chases. So i don't mind chasing scrolls. But sometimes it can be a little bit frustrating for people who just want to get to you know down to the nitty gritty.

But some of the best the best information i've ever put out came from chasing a squirrel. So i'm not going to shy away from questions i saw linda popped up here on stage um i'm just going to go out and ask real quick linda did you have a question yes. Um i would like to know how i can reinstate easily that use nlp on a daily basis to have the courage to use my voice all the time okay. Here's here's the most direct way to do that sit down and write out exactly what you want to be able to do what it's going to be like instead of what you're doing and really flesh it out and.

Then what i want you to do really and. Then what i want you to do is take these patterns and i want you to write out suggestions that you can give yourself using cause and effect using adverb adjective using uh the other patterns that we're going to share with you as if and i want you to write them as if you were a hypnotist and you were going to hypnotize somebody to have those effects. Then what i want you to do is i want you to get a recorded device and i want you to speak those patterns as emotionally and joyfully and certainly as you can into a recording device and i want you to listen to it every night for the. Next 63 days while you're going to sleep now i guarantee you something's going to change that sounds.

So powerful just you saying it just just grounded it that's because i installed it it's one of the that's one of the the side effects of learning how to do this the moment you shift your intention your descriptions become installations that's one of you know that when you're playing at the level of dr richard bandler and all these guys there is no. Direct induction anymore it's just because you because you've been playing with these skill sets for. So long the moment you set an intention the installation starts. So it's in there.

But you got to close that circuit now with the actual actions and the simple act of writing those suggestions will hardwire them into your neurology in ways you haven't even begun to to realize yet yeah i love that thank you. So much this is like such an easy tip it sounds like what i'm doing is you're teaching me to learn how to hypnotize myself yeah well here's the thing you can't listen to these patterns without them affecting you it's neurologically impossible the added benefit when you're using these in the context of hypnosis or nlp for that matter is that they automatically bypass and reorient a person's critical faculty the part of you that analyzes judges perceives whatever when i'm doing hypnosis sessions and hypnotherapy with people and i feel at any given moment that they're not as deep in trance or they're starting to analyze the things i'm guiding them through a little too much i will just start layering on these patterns and it won't matter how much cognitive resources they think they have they go they it just goes right. In and that again for you therapist this is why this is. So important the these patterns themselves i'm giving you the samples to play with.

So you can go out and you don't have to believe anything i'm telling you in fact i i insist that you don't what i insist you do is write them down do the exercises do the drills and prove it to yourself one way or another if what i say resonates with you grab it go out and use it if it doesn't find something that does. But here's what you'll see you'll see people just start to nod their head a lot of you probably not even find yourself unconsciously nodding as i was describing a lot of these things right. That's the unconscious mind hearing the patterns and responding to it you can't not respond to these things now here's the other part of that london you and i don't know if you came in early or not. But i talked to alex was asking about the echo technique the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment bar none are the words that just came out of their mouth it is a perfect key to lock fit from the most superficial to the deepest levels of your reptile and mammalian and neocortex it's it's at all the neuro associations it's perfect match the moment you deviate you start to enter the possibility of mistranslation or not getting all the same neural associations.

So when you create that story of what you want instead and you use those words with these patterns you get a stacking effect that amplifies everything. So it is very simple. But there's a i mean i could spend again i obviously am i'm spending hours unpacking the magic that's going on. But for those of you who see clients anytime you see them getting a little bit too analytical in what you're doing start stacking these words and they will they'll lose the ability to analyze really really quickly.

So um. So that was uh. First pattern i gave was the adverb adjective presuppositions the. Second one i gave you was called the cause and effect pattern now cause and effect has a cousin and this is you know when i.

First learned these words they weren't as emphasized as much as the cause and effect and the adverb adjective presuppositions. But these are. So powerful and this is uh it has a very similar structure to cause and effect. But this is this particular pattern affects the meaning making part of your nervous system the part of you that assigns meaning to things and if you understand this structure you can literally make anything you want seem to mean anything you want in the minds of the listener now words in this category are means is like same as those are some examples there's a couple others equals equivalent.

Therefore that's actually more cause and effect the the structure of these is. So close that they're almost interchangeable. But the effect is slightly different sorry could you repeat those once again absolutely the. First one is means.

Second one is is. Third is like eight is same as same as okay. The technical cat linguistic category that we're talking about is known as complex equivalence i hate that term because it's. So confusing it's it's too long for those of you who are neuro-linguistic programmers you will never go wrong by using two no.

More than two-syllable words i'll just put that out there don't believe me test it right. Means is like same as the complex equivalence filter is the meaning making filter in the human nervous system the moment we experience a cause and effect a relationship in the mind a cause-and-effect relationship happens right. Um i come home my wife yells at me right. Me you know i walked in the door she yelled at me the.

First thing that's going to happen is i'm going to assign a meaning to that right. I did something wrong which is inverse cause and effect by the way i could i could go off on a real big squirrel hunt here if people want to know about my observations in terms of of gender preference for language patterns i'm happy to talk about that after we finished uh the 21 most powerful words. But the structure for a complex equivalence is x equals y rather than x arrow y x equals sign y because in this particular type of a statement x and y are the same one equals the other now i'm going to go into bumper sticker thinking like have you ever heard you know um time is money right. Um a day at the beach or um a day off is is as good as a day at the years like a day at the beach you get the idea bumper sticker thinking.

But you may have heard a similar structure in narratives like the following man gets up for work as he's leaving for work his wife looks at him and says you know remember johnny's got a soccer game today he wants you to be there it's important to him husband looks at her wife says i will be there i promise you i'll be there he goes to work and maybe that at that particular time his astrological sign was circling uranus his biorhythm was at an all-time low everything goes wrong he you know johnny's game is at 4 30. he shows up at 5 15 or 5 45 the game is all. But over he rushes up to his wife he says honey i am. So. So sorry the boss was a jerk and he made me stay late and as i was driving down the road there was a traffic accident and we got detoured and and i just hit one thing after another and that's why i'm late she looks at him with that look.

You know what look. I'm talking about and says if you loved your son you would have been there or you would have been here this is what a cause and effect or complex equivalence conflict sounds like if you if you review what the man was saying he gave all the reasons why he was late these are cause and effect statements. But in the perceptual filter of the mother those behaviors meant something and this is a very very important these two filters are one of the single in my opinion and from my experience one of the single biggest reasons for miscommunication in relationships both genders use both patterns. But because of their evolution sociology biology remember i'm not talking about the way the world should be i'm talking about the way the world is because of the way the genders have been oriented towards their language and what they sort for.

First men tend to think in cause and effect relationships. First women tend to focus more on meanings or complex equivalences and. So what i tell my students is gentlemen remember if you're relating to your spouse everything you do means something to them ladies remember we're not that complicated we you know we we do the things we do because of a reason we didn't think about what it would mean to you and that's one of the big problems that we have in relationships is that complex complex equivalence cause and effect conundrum and i could go deeper into that if you want to. But just to understand the moment we start assigning meanings it creates a cascade of internal representations and contexts that have emotions connected to them.

So the structure is your x is always truism in other words something that's always true the pattern word that you plug in is one of the words that i gave you means is like same as equals equivalent i mean there's there's gonna go to a thesaurus there's hundreds of them. But you don't need a hundred you just need a few you just put them in a little list by your computer um in your back pocket and every time you answer an email every time that you pick up the phone every time you come on clubhouse it's your turn to take the stage look. At your list and just riff a few of them and get that external practice. So hearing and understanding how complex equivalence works means that whenever you speak you'll have the ability now to make anything you want mean anything you want and as you hear those words coming out of my mouth it means you get a deeper understanding of this that you can use functionally in the world to me to cause people to assign whatever meaning you want to whatever you're describing and as long as the the.

First part of your sentence is true something they can verify they'll automatically tend to assign the meanings you want to the thing you want and their behaviors decisions and perceptual filters will follow accordingly now thinking about it like that you might you may find that you have a different understanding of how belief systems work and because you understand how belief systems work it means you can now modify belief systems conversationally in a much more powerful and much more different way whether that's through direct response by overcoming objections or through an nlp or hypnosis session where you're unpacking a certain belief structure and installing an alternate belief does that make sense um yeah that makes sense. So um i had a couple things like number one i had a question like the if if. Then statements for example does that poland or cause effect or does that fall into equivalent or does it depend that's a great question um if. Then um if x is true.

Then do y is cause and effect. But it could also be um you could you could modify it to complex equivalence by saying if this is true for you it means and now you now you've gone the complex equivalent route right. So if you've been listening to me on the on the on on the uh the clubhouse and understanding these particular language patterns it means you now have the ability to structure your language in a way that not only is creatively compelling uh emotionally compelling. But neurologically compelling as well and when all those things line up it means you're going to be an effective a more effective communicator anywhere you decide to use them does that make sense yep that makes some perfect sense the.

Second thing i just wanted to kind of quickly reset the room hello everyone welcome to the 18 most powerful words in language and how to use them this is a room hosted by the create 12 with words club hi my name is victor i'm a copywriter and once or twice a week i try to find some expert on clubhouse who would be willing to come on and give a talk on a certain topic that they are familiar with this week i do have the doctor david snyder who is the number one nlp trainer in the world and he is here to generously and also generously give us his time to explain um these 18 most powerful words and language and how to use them and why they work and the psychology behind it as they've been doing for um oh well it's been an hour already yeah time changes when you use these patterns sorry time changes when you use these patterns i i warned you oh yeah yeah yeah like that is very very important. So right. Yeah. So the room has been going on for this long he wants to share with us like seven um patterns of language that you can use each one with about three descriptive with three words or.

So as uh for example though there are more for each category giving us a total of 21 even though he promised 18 as you can see dr david is a guy who over delivers and he's a very very engaging speaker i recommend that you follow him on clubhouse feel free to also check him out on instagram where he's got much much longer videos where he goes to in depth of all these concepts that he's sharing here today and feel free to get in touch with him if you'd like some more um appropriate help for your situation get some trainings and. So on um yeah. So if you're in the room welcome to the room this is what the conversation is about this is an interactive room by all means feel free to raise your hand i'll get a notification and i'll bring you up on stage if you have any questions that you'd like to ask although if you don't ask any questions i'll be happy because that means i get i get to have dr david all to myself uh. But yeah that is what it is and in that sense i noticed that james has been up on the stage for a while thank you.

So much for your patience i know you've been waiting quite a while since the. Last reset. So do you have any questions that you'd like to ask for something you'd like to say feel free to take the floor hey david uh one of your students uh mean i just uh i just love the stuff that you put out it's just. So amazing uh i'll tell everybody out there you know go to his nlp power site get his courses you won't you will just you'll love them.

But um dave i got a quick question this personal question um i had the greatest night. Last night and the worst night. Last night and the same dinner um and i'm trying to figure out if there's a way i can help heal a young lady that i'm very interested in and what i say heal her she says you know i don't know what i want and it's like well what she wants is this guy who refuses well he keeps coming up with excuses why his 17-year-old 17-year live-in girlfriend can't leave and. So now she's hurt and she feels like she can't move on because she's still constantly waiting for you know he keeps saying it's just going to be another month it's just going to be another month and i guess i was just asking thinking um i used i actually used the words a few minutes ago in a text and told her that i was uh as she gets to know me i will automatically and easily and actually she will see that i'm the guy to fall for uh.

So. But my question is you know yes. I'd love for her to fall for me. But ultimately i i'd like for her to be able to move on from this guy yeah yeah yeah i'm sorry to interrupt and by all means i want this to be a room that's interactive and if people ask questions.

But the way that your question is going sounds to be something that's kind of outside the scope of the current discussion. So just out of um sake for everyone else's time and also for you to get some more focus one-on-one help i recommend that you get in touch with dr david um privately after this fall again sorry about that. But we do have a lot of people in the room no. Problem before.

So just a quick um just yeah dm me for sure. But james if you go to my youtube channel and you might even find us on instagram i think my i think my daughter uploaded uh the resistance removal protocol uh the resistance removal protocol is a conversational framework designed specifically to cause people to generate a reason for why they want to do the thing they just said they want to do in a strong enough way for them to actually act on it. So and the thing you just the scenario you just described sounds like it's textbook. Resistance removal protocol um certainly i can i can help you fine-tune that if you need to.

But go and look. Up that video either on our instagram or on our youtube channel and you'll get the exact verbage the exact structure the exact protocol that you can use to reframe that and get her to move towards something that will actually cause her to take an action. So thank you david i apologize victor no. Worries all right.

Um anybody else have a question before i move on david actually i have a quick question here uh. So this is actually tailored towards um like copywriting as someone who's taking on an identity as a new copywriter i've taken your identity by design course which is honestly like a cheap code to life and you sort of got me thinking what would happen if we were to implement these words when we're sort of hardwiring like a new identity and we try to influence ourselves by having this sort of new belief um what would be what sort of patterns would you use to sort of um when you're like having that sort of self-talk just kind of curious to know and i hope that's clear yes. Absolutely clear you would use every single pattern i'm teaching you period um because like the identity by design silo is designed to rewrite your identity from the from the ground up and it's taught with a minimum of hypnotic language why because it's designed for human beings who can't even spell hypnosis to be able to do this stuff awesomely in just a few short days when you layer over top or within the identity by design silo these language patterns it takes it to a whole new universe in fact if you go back and you watch your videos of me doing the demo record the audio pull a transcript and underline the patterns because i'm using them wow and one more quick question here. So when you do teach the bankstep method which is also life-changing i'm just really curious to know you know during that stage where you actually have to write down like what you want to visualize or have manifest yes.

If you were to actually implement these hypnotic language patterns this is what i realized as we were speaking would that even accelerate it even further yes. These words remember here's the thing again any place any place that human language is involved these patterns direct magnify and accelerate whatever effect you're going for if you use them properly doesn't matter what that's why we call the cpi system the universal persuasion protocol because it allows you to generate massive influence on one person or a group and as long as they can hear you and see you it's going to work it's going to magnify whatever you do. But it's one of the. Last things we teach you because if you can't get people into a trance or get people following instructions without hypnotic language it's not going to help you right.

So most of the most of the people in this room have been probably speaking a good 20 30 40 years. So they already have been using these language patterns on their own. So i don't have to teach you how to speak you just got to understand a little bit more nuances and and um scope of some of the words you've been using your entire life and as long as you can deliver those how you would normally speak they'll still have the effect as long as you follow the principles that govern the delivery of them right. But you don't have to sound vague creepy or confusing there's nothing you have other than what i'm sharing with you in terms of the structure the deployment and the installation of these words they will magnify and amplify every single context in which language is involved spoken written chatting texting video it does not matter it doesn't have to be english which is really cool thank you uh.

So let's talk about our. So we let's just review really quick the patterns that we've covered we started with the adverb adjective presuppositions which allows us to once we understand the structure which is always always always put the descriptors before the things they describe it forces a person's internal pictures internal mind movies internal assumptions to be exactly what we describe and the best part is they don't resist it in most cases because they're filling in all the details from their own memories beliefs and experiences and they're attributing all that to us like we said it like we knew exactly what was going on they don't realize consciously that that's happening. But structurally that's what happens when you put the descriptors before the things they describe the. Next pattern we talked about was called cause and effect the cause and effect pattern allows you to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener or your reader even even if those things have absolutely nothing in common no.

Causal relationship whatsoever if you plug in the x causes y strategy or structure the brain will automatically process it with the same level of certainty as a belief and because if you've done if you delivered it congruently more often than not they will just accept what you say without any questions they'll just nod and go on right. If you don't call attention to it they won't either okay. Very very powerful the. Next pattern we talked about is the meaning making filter of the nervous system we call this complex equivalence words in this category are means is like same as equals equivalent this has a very similar x causes or an x y structure except rather than x which is always something true causing something else the x and the y mean the same thing they're just using different words and.

So we using this structure and x once again is always always always something that the subject can verify is true when you're writing copy one of the. First things they tell you is what you have to step into the conversation that's going on in the mind of the subject in the mind of the prospect why. So you can tell them what happened and what it means. But that's an equivalence process the moment we start describing a client's or a customer's experience that's an x that's that's a pace if we from a direct response perspective if we've gotten our avatar right.

And we've stepped into that hologram of our ideal client we can now describe their experience well that description of their experience is your x it's your pace right. And from there we can either make it cause something or we can make it mean something when you get really good you can do both at the same time right. It's it's really powerful. But we have to learn these in isolation.

So. First three patterns adverb adjective makes the mind makes a person's internal pictures whatever you want them to be pattern two cause and effect allows anything you want to cause anything you want pattern three allows anything you want to mean anything you want in the minds of the listener okay. The. Next pattern believe it or not and i came to this discovery late is actually in my opinion the most powerful hypnotic language pattern or neural cognitive language pattern that exists it's.

So strong that you can't resist it even when you know it's being done and even when you're looking for it it's extremely hard to find okay. And this particular pattern is known as the awareness language pattern the awareness language pattern its scope the things that it influences most directly are a person's a person's focus of attention the words that you want to start with in this category are aware realize and experience now i would add several more to this and you can you can write these down if you want. But start and again for those who by the way if you're having trouble or if you came in late uh i have a pdf that i put together that has all of these words all these categories and a whole bunch of drills and skills it's an excerpt from my cpi and killer influence programs it's like one level of a six stage process if anybody wants a copy of that pdf uh i'm happy to uh to send that to you and i'll tell you how to do that at the end of you know towards the end of our conversation and you'll have it. So you can do the drills and get the skills aware realize experience here's what this this awareness language pattern does.

First and foremost it channels and directs focus of attention and it does it in a very interesting way it directs things towards what follows the word and it moves a person's awareness away from everything else. So it literally casts creates a laser-like focus or a spotlight on the aspect of what you're presenting or talking about that you want them to focus on you can also use it to set context that's just a little sidebar here's the other really cool thing about this pattern and this is this is. So covert i'm amazed that no. One's ever really talked about it other than me if you understand how to use these kinds of words you can cause a person to begin to undergo any state process or experience that you can describe.

So just and again it's it even when you know it's being done it's very it's almost impossible to i haven't anybody i've i've i haven't found anybody who could actually do it legitimately resist this pattern. So as you notice the sound of my voice you may become aware of the sensation on the tip of your nose as you become aware of the sensation on the tip of your nose you may suddenly realize that your mind is going to the earlobe of your left ear as you recognize that your mind is going to the earlobe of your left ear you may suddenly notice your mind moving to the big toe of your right. Foot and as you notice that sensation in the big toe of your right. Foot you may suddenly realize that in spite of your best intentions in spite of the fact that you may be summoning up all of your willpower despite and for those of you who are trained in nlp realizing i'm not even using negations that your mind is still going to the body parts that i mentioned as you become aware of that fact you can suddenly realize that i've now taken your your your focus of attention inside to your very own thought processes now isn't that interesting i'm curious what you discovered what you experienced from that little journey okay.

Please get out of my head right. To me this is the apex language pattern and here's why if you understand the process of cognition you can't sort concept cause and effect you can't sort meaning you can't make a description until you. First become aware of something consciously or unconsciously it's all about direction of attention and awareness and this pattern allows you to seamlessly naturally automatically direct a person's focus of attention and here's what's interesting can you remember how many times i used an awareness word during that whole sequence a lot how obvious was it um exactly i was too focused on like what you were saying and the sensations it basically like bypassed me entirely this is this is the this is the superpower of this pattern the foundation of all of our cognition is based on awareness yes. Things come in through our sensory cortexes and things like that.

But none of that has any relevance to us until we become aware of it consciously or unconscious. So when we start and here's the best and this is again why i asked this question because i wasn't this is the. First group i've ever asked this question about how many times they were aware of how many times i used that word this particular category of language is such a fundamental building block of everything we do inside that we don't even pay attention to when it's being used and because of that you can overuse it tons and tons and tons of you could use the same exact word 27 times and no. One unless they're trained by us will catch it and even.

Then you have to know to be looking for it. So words in this category and we're going to do one more drill with this just to understand that i was i was goading you a little bit wasn't i to try and you know when i was moving your moving your mind around i was asked i was kind of challenging you and tempting you a little bit go ahead do do your best to resist and i and for those of you with an nlp background i deliberately stayed away from things like negations right. Because i wanted you to experience the powerfulness and none of us are going to go out into the world and say i'm going to use these words on you and i want you to summon up all of your willpower and do your best to resist right. We're not going to do that we're just going to layer these words in and people are just going to go along with where we want them to go because it makes perfect sense to them on a neurological level right.

It doesn't matter if it's logically true it's all about what the neurology thinks is normal or organic or natural right. And that's what these patterns allow us to do each of them forms a building block of our internal subjective experience and the moment we start speaking in these patterns our internal world changes in harmony with the patterns right. So this is your awareness the other part of this and i want you guys to play with this one now i'm going to give you an experience you can use this to for those of you who are therapists you can use this to automate processes in the neurologies of your clients that gets conscious resistance out of the way. So just for fun i want you to close your eyes.

And i want you to think of a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever i won't even ask what it was i don't care where you were how old you were what substances were involved how many state lines you crossed i don't care. But all i want you to do now is i want you to notice as you remember those moments you remember how you were what you were seeing what you're hearing what you're smelling what you're tasting when you do all that there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow and where they spread from take a moment go ahead and point to where you feel that as you point to where you feel it if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented those amazing feelings a picture that you could reach out and touch take one of your other hand reach out and touch it for me and i'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind begins the process of expanding that picture making it big as a drive-in movie theater screen crystal clear like an imax notice how the feelings change it turns up the sounds the smells the taste the feelings best pleasure experience ever and notice how they grow and change and transform as it begins to wrap itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all less than pleasurable experiences real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs it an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you notice that you've got that when you realize it's true breathe those feelings through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe to turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's locked in you recognize it's true test it try to turn it off and notice what happens instead and when you come back to the room tell me what you discovered let's start with victor um okay. I'm just in the most relaxed and positive mode right. Excellent now all i really did was describe things using the ad the awareness presupposition you didn't have to consciously do anything you just noticed it happening right. And this is a lot of times for those of you who work with clients and say well do this and they say i can't here's how you get around that well notice how the feelings in your body change as.

So there's your pattern word notice x as you y notice x as you y right. That's a very simple way to use this effectively to detach and circumvent conscious resistance to doing something okay. Questions on that. So david you're just using um i don't want to say just because i'm such the novice here.

But it's it's all using a like um kinesthetic and auditory and visual experience can be anything. But i used all five to make sure that i activated all of your neurological circuits i could stay in purely the auditory system i could stay in purely the kinesthetic system. But i know that the moment i mention a cortex or i mention a sensory modality that part of your brain is going to light up like a christmas tree the more parts of your brain that i can get lit up pointed at the same thing the more absorbed you're going to become the more bandwidth i'm going to take up in the nervous system which means i'm marshaling system resources that may have been dormant or not tapped into otherwise okay. But you could very easily work with a purely visual system and and do the exact same process notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as x and i'm and you're going to find out one of the hallmarks of the work that i do whether it's clinically whether it's um from an influence standpoint or whatever i'm always targeting body feelings i'm always targeting that because everything starts there in spite of what nlp teaches us if you pick up the book.

How emotions are made and they talk about the interoceptive nervous system everything that we have begins or ends in a feeling actually they both do and. So the moment we start playing with body feelings all of our perceptual filters shift spontaneously. So if i can get you feeling something i'm changing i'm literally changing the building blocks of your reality and that's one of the big takeaways that i want all of us to get everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of and when you can create and craft narratives and stories and descriptions that change a person's body feelings you've changed them from the most fundamental level of themselves upward from the reptile brain to the neocortex it's very difficult for us to change from the neocortex down. But it's dramatically easy to change us from the reptile brain up and.

So that's where i that's where that's been the focus of my work for probably easily the. Last 10 years. But i this is very fascinating as a yoga studio owner i focus more on just kinesthetic auditory and visual when we're in the yoga room. But i'm i'm learning how i can incorporate the entire emotional experience in the other senses to you know grow my business and also become more influential perfect perfect remember everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or feeling they want a whole lot less of all you really have to do is figure out what the feeling is what direction they want to go and how they describe it to themself and as long as you use those words to describe the aspect of your product or service that directly satisfies those body feelings or those emotional feelings they'll tend to do business with you out of default thank you yep.

So i'm just going to take a quick. Second to reset the room hello everyone everyone welcome to the 18 most powerful words in the english language and how to use them this is a room under the create wealth with words club hi i am victor i'm the club owner i am a copywriter and once or twice a week on clubhouse i make a point to invite some of the most interesting and knowledgeable people on the platform to come by and give us a rule to come by in a room and give us a talk on something that they're very very knowledgeable about um this week i have dr david snyder who is the number one nlp trainer in the world he is just like he's just spent the. Last hour and a half giving us such amazing and powerful information on the title in the room 18 most powerful words he's giving it in the format of like seven different language patterns in which language pattern is giving us about three or more meaning that the total words that we're getting are twenty-one for example like over delivering on what he promised when he said he's gonna come in and share eighteen he's. So generous with his time being able to explain in great depth and answer any questions this is his living this is what he does for a living he also talks on clubhouse quite often as well as on instagram.

So i recommend that you follow him on both platforms on instagram you can find long format videos of this stuff where he goes into this in much much more detail than he possibly could here on clubhouse and also here in the audience we have a couple students over here who can vouch for the stuff that he's sharing being powerful and effective. So um this room has been going on for about an hour and a half now um this is supposed to be an interactive room feel free to raise your hand and come up on the stage i will bring you up on stage to ask any questions or share anything that you might want to share and with that dr david please continue and go on to the. Next pattern okay. Cool as uh to use a one pattern we're not supposed to be covering today which is when would now be a good time to ask your questions wow wait what when would now be a good time to ask your questions believe it or not that pattern is i don't know if they're still being used.

But it was originally used by military recruiters to uh to convince people to enlist in the army and the armed forces it was actually taught to them and how would they phrase it when would now be a good time to x oh wow okay. And it goes now goes right. In yeah when would not be a good time to enroll in yoga right. Now would now be a good time to do your.

Next asana or your. Next mudra right. When would now be your favorite restaurant in san diego when would now be a good time to do laundry kids [Laughter] right. When would now be a good time to dress sexy baby oh i do i have a question david i keep hearing you say right.

At the end of a lot of sentences and i've seen i've seen some different things lately online about um discussion whether i some of this is female coming from some female writers about stop saying right. At the end because it makes you sound dumb or it makes you sound not very confident um and i notice that you're sprinkling it in it's not every time and i'd like you to speak to that if you could sure it's tactical okay. If you pay attention to my tonality when i do it i'm not i'm not i'm not again this goes and a lot of times when a word is framed it's not based on the meaning of the word it's based on the placement and the tonality connected to it. So um for those of you who like sciency stuff there's four channels of nonverbal influence discovered by uh dr alexander penlin of stanford he taught he termed these channels of information honest signals and one of those channels was called consistency variability because it's a cons it's a and it's a continuum if i deliver something that like i'm teaching you right.

Now and i'm delivering a very certain very consistent maybe i have a lot of uh inflections and rhythm and cadence. But there's no. Uncertainty there's no. Subtle changes in my in my uh you know my toenail i'm exaggerating a little bit that would be considered what is what is known as a high level of consistency and consistency is one of the things that we sort for to determine non-verbally if somebody actually knows what they're talking about or not when we're delivering information when we're delivering or teaching we want a high level of consistency in the way we verbally deliver it.

But there's the other end of the spectrum which is usually on the interrogative side in other words if i'm asking questions the more variability i have the more i what i come up what what comes across as somebody who is asking for information and if you go to the extreme of that it comes across as being uncertain okay. And. So what i think a lot of the writers are talking about is is that again i'm extrapolating and i'll tell you why i use the words i use in a moment um. So i think what they're talking about is they're focusing on maybe the word right.

But what's really triggering them is the tonality and the variability with which it's being delivered does that make sense it does make sense and i can hear the women that use it that people are talking about and i can notice the difference perfect perfect. So here's why i use words like write okay. And now. So i'm talking to you right.

And as soon as i say write let me just do this as you begin to fully understand the scope of the language patterns i'm teaching you and you begin to integrate them directly into your way of speaking and writing and creating powerful copy for whatever reason you'll naturally find yourself winning more and more often and be able to move through the world being the center of attention when you want to be and direct other people's focuses of attention whenever you need to and as you think about that and imagine what that might be like doesn't it just make sense that you want to go further no. Yes. It does yeah and now what i just did there was the same thing that happens when i say the word right. In nlp parliaments or the milton models we call it we call questions like right.

Now what would that be like or doesn't that make sense we call those tag questions and here's what happens when i start to describe something to you and especially if i'm using these patterns you're you go into trans your your focus of attention even though you're looking at me literally your focus of attention goes into your own head and you're sucked into the movie i've created in your mind. So i've literally directed your focus of attention inside i'm firing your visual your auditor your kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory cortexes you are completely absorbed in the trance that my words have created in your mind which is where we like to be. Anyway the moment i say a word like right. Okay.

Now doesn't that just make sense the. First thing that happens is everything i said your your attention automatically pivots from inside to outside you're back in the world with me in real time thinking about something else that means that everything i've just layered in there every suggestion every description every command that i've given every experience that i've guided you through gets locked in and processed at the unconscious level with you never having a chance to go back and analyze it. So we call those tag questions for a very simple reason we tag them on the end to get you from the trends that's going on in your head back out into the world with me. So that i can lead you through the.

Next stage of the process does that make sense it does and i'm a little bit cognitively overloaded thinking about um it's almost like i planned it yeah right. I guess thinking about if you're in a. So if you're not in a um say in an office with you or in like a one-on-one therapy session. But if you're in kind of this like power struggle um a stressful situation and somebody maybe that's um uh let me i'm a nurse by background.

So let me just say like say say you are a um a patient's caregiver you're in the intensive care unit and the attending physician walks in and uses all of that over you and kind of just drops you and drives you into a lane that you don't want to be in and you're very uncomfortable in it. But you you're you're kind of driven there um subconsciously or unconsciously what does that do to you. Later does that leave you with um you know trauma does that leave you with a bunch of stuff that you have to clean up or process. Later for sure it's going to leave you with stuff you're going to have to clean up now whether your your natural organic systems do that for you automatically or you actually apply a technique to do that it there is a cleanup that's going to have to that's going to have to happen right.

Okay. That that makes sense thank you yeah. So. But i'll give you a real quick a real quick tip the moment somebody starts talking to you and you feel a body feeling pay attention to your posture the moment you feel your posture start to shift pop back to a military attention stance or like a wonder woman type pose or something like that whether it's whether it's appropriate to do that and you're going to find out very very quickly that the words coming out of their mouth as long as you maintain that postural shift will have a significantly less effect on you okay.

Yeah that makes sense very very amy cuddy like exactly exactly david i've got a quick question uh. So you were talking about having that sort of level of consistency one thing that really stood out to me and i've been implying from your killer influence course is um basically people make decisions based on how they feel and uh if you want to change their decision change their state yes. We're talking about that consistency now when i interject that playful let's see what happens energy would that create some sort of discordancy i hope i'm being clear here no. No.

In fact you can be very playful and still be very certain in fact you should you should be playful and certain that's what's going to make people want to come play with you that actually makes i think i had a belief where it was one or the other. So thank you for clearing that there's many ways you know there's many emotional palettes we can layer this commitment this consistency variability channel on and i highly recommend for those of you who are going to do public speaking or any or or interact in any kind of socially competitive environment that you take the time to get two books for your library the. First one is honest signals by alexander penland the. Second one is called power cues by nick morgan dr penlin gives you some great science some great understandings of these four channels and mr morgan gives you some great ways to put these things into practice now i've incorporated a lot of both of his their materials into my systems as part of our nonverbal influence programs we have a very very extensive uh repertoire of non-verbal influence tactics and techniques that we we teach in our social charisma and social influence program cpi things of that nature.

But you don't need to sign up for any of those [Music] you can just go to amazon get those books and start in your way implementing these ideas and channels of information into everything that you do and the thing to understand why that's. So important for us is before any words come out of your mouth people have you have a seven. Second window during which people are going to frame you in their world in a certain way and if you understand these power cues you can manage that seven seconds and. Then begin to amplify before you you know in again and the way they tested this was by by videotaping people for extraordinary lengths of time with the sound off and making highly accurate predictions of the decisions the group would make.

So i'm i'm gonna get back to language now. But for those of you who are interested in magnifying the language which is what was really about when everything we do amplifies what came before it right. If you when you get that pdf that i'm talking about you're going to see a little concentric circle diagram on there that's called the universal persuasion protocol or the cpi module each one of those consent concentric layers each layer magnifies the layer that came before it and. So it doesn't matter if you're talking to one person or you're talking to a room full of people you'll be able to magnify the level because charisma persuasion and social impact in any context.

So we're drilling down on language today and how it amplify alex has been asking some very good questions about things like i don't think he's done identity by design things of that nature and you'll notice one of the things i keep coming back to is regardless of what the application is anytime you layer these patterns and integrate these patterns into what you're already doing it will amplify and accelerate the effect that which you get okay. Don't believe me just plug the patterns in and chest and test it if it works keep it if it doesn't didn't cost you nothing right. So um that being said i'm going to go ahead and move to the. Next pattern which is for you go ahead sorry dave before you do that can you name the books again the.

First book. Is called honest signals by alexander penland honest signals by alexander pendlen and the. Second book. Is power cues c-u-e-s by nick morgan both are freely available on kindle amazon both in audio i have like i have a hard copy i have a digital copy and i have the audio um it's it's that worth knowing okay.

Um. So um sorry doctor before you go over to the. Next point i just wanted to take a. Second to reset the room hello everyone how are you all doing welcome to the room where the title is the 18 most powerful words in fact which in how to use them it is hosted under the create world with words club i am victor i am the owner of the club and i am a copywriter and one of the things that i do on clubhouse is i make sure at least once or twice a week i try to find um any interesting experts on the app and invite them to come by and give a talk on a certain topic that they're knowledgeable about to get uh more of these thoughts i recommend that you follow the club which is in the creator of the words.

Next a little green house at the top follow that will take you to the club bio um tap follow and you'll get notified the. Next time we post rooms like this this week's special guest is dr david snyder he is the number one nlp trainer in the world and he is here on corporate generously also generously sharing his time into explaining for us the 18 most powerful word in the english language now this man has gone above and beyond and said that he's not only going to give us these 18 words he's gonna give us seven frameworks that they call undefeated language patterns and for each pattern he's going to give us three words for a total of 21 words he's over delivering he spends. So much time explaining the concept breaking it down answering questions. So i strongly recommend that all of you give him a follow here in clubhouse you get notified when he talks also click that little bell i also recommend that you check out his instagram where he has much much much longer videos which go into depth in depth in all the concepts that he is sharing because right.

Now we're just getting a tiny tiny tiny fraction of everything that he knows um. So welcome to the room this is an interactive room if you're in the audience and you'd like to be up on stage to ask dr david a question or have a contribution feel free to tap the hand icon and i will see that notification and i will bring you up and with that i noticed that we do have uh jack and lynn up on the stage thank you. So much for both of you being. So patient if there's anything that you would like to say or a question that you'd like to ask feel free to unmute your mic and um go ahead jack and lynn do either of you have anything you'd like to say yes.

Thank you this is like fairly mind-blowing thank you david thank you very much very very well um. So how do we how do we get heard how do we help people hear us with the the truth that we're expressing okay. So let me ask you for context is it one on one or is it in groups uh let's go with groups okay. So in nlp there's a concept we have called the hierarchy of beliefs now for most of us that means absolutely friggin nothing.

But what it really means is that our belief systems have a pecking order and certain kinds of beliefs control and influence other kinds of beliefs now buried in that structure is a category of belief known as criteria and values what that really means is that level of belief represents our idealized version of the way the world is supposed to be to be perfect for us. So every human being that you meet for any context or situation that you can describe they will have a checklist for the perfect way for that to be expressed and human beings are moving through the world projecting their little checklists onto everyone else and checking the box or not checking the box depending on what's reflected back when you are talking to a group of people you need to structure your language in such a way that they automatically fill in those deep emotional desires and checklists to exactly what you're teaching them about when you use your language in that way they will automatically fill in their deepest most heartfelt desires into the the bottles that are your words and those those words will take on the meaning they fill it with. So one of the ways that i often do it and we can play with this and and again i have a whole a whole training on this this is again i'm giving you very very um very very uh i don't want to say vague. But just big bullet points.

First and foremost i will get i get up in front of a room and i say hey what's everybody gonna learn tonight and they'll look. At me like huh like we all had something right. There was when you saw and you read what this what this reading or this room was about each and every one of you saw something a potential in this event this meeting this collaboration to get something that's really important to you right. Now i want you to stop for a moment and imagine that you got it imagine that you got whatever tool or insight or belief or memory you needed to move forward in the world and get and create the world to be more of the way you wanted it and when you do that when you step into that and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell what's that like and when you have that and when you're experiencing that what's important to you about it what does it do for you and as you feel that you remember that you think about that if you could get that if it's doing that for you what is important to you about that.

So as we move forward tonight i want you to go ahead and connect the scat the strip the skills the strategies the the technologies that we're applying to giving you that life now. So that every time you learn a new thing you understand and you recognize how it's going to move your life forward to get you those things that you really want not just the surface level ones. But the deep emotional ones the ones you're not going to tell anybody. So as we move forward together you know i'm giving you the things you need that i'm helping you that i understand where you're coming from and i'm desperate and determined to help you get there end of demonstration perfect perfect perfect perfect thank you okay.

Now how specific was i in any of that it sounded really specific didn't it i didn't say a freaking thing on a metaphorical level it was like accurate as possible exactly because jack every time you heard a vague word you filled in your own meaning and you assumed that's what i meant that is the neurological foundation of a concept we call presupposition the way you'd be compelling is you give people the experience of something that seems amazingly specific. But from the from the the from the perspective of the person delivering the information it's vague because the words i'm using can mean. So many different things to. So many different people and in fact they do.

But because all of you are hearing the same word and filling those words with your own meanings in your own unique way of doing it you assume it's exactly what i meant and because you're looking at me you're listening to my voice as i'm describing those things all of those things get linked to the relationship that we now have and. Then we just build on and hopefully you're doing this in a way that you can actually deliver the things you're promising right. Um. But you know i'm not a persuasion cop.

But there is a there is some possibility for misuse if you understand how this technology works. So i hope that helps it was it was great thank you. So much you're very welcome very welcome all right. Ben do you have um anything.

So we don't skip over you thanks victor uh well. First let me just express my appreciation for you you've been an amazing moderator um and uh david thank you. So much for this content um i am a i'm actually a student of nlp with a group called nlp marin up in northern california and i've been following your work for years um this is incredibly valuable information i'm a huge fan of your work um i actually. First discovered you um on a video you did on speed attraction or that's like that's how most people find me you're the.

First person to actually cop to it and you know although it was about dating i applied a lot of those techniques in the work world i like i'm not even in the healing space or psychotherapy space i work in technology um and i've found it to be just incredibly effective these are very powerful communication tools and just you know developing an awareness for other people's experience um. So i'm trying to figure out how to articulate this question i i love your style of nlp because you incorporate other modalities into it and it's not this room is entitled like create wealth with words and 18 most powerful words and nlp is. So much more than that it's physiology it's i accessing cues yadda yadda. But what i appreciate about your style is that you incorporate.

So many other disciplines and modalities like earlier you are referencing penland and morgan and power cues and tag questions which is i don't think is nlp and i understand you also have a background in acupuncture and martial arts and you're as some expert in facial recognition. So there's just. So many other disciplines that you incorporate in your work and i'm very curious about what you're either digging into these days that's new to you or what you consider you know maybe like the top one to three that you infused into your practice well face reading has been a very trans it's it's again face reading has been one of those disciplines where you're looking for gold you strike oil and. Then all of a sudden you find uranium and you find all these other ways that you can apply it i learned face reading in the context of medical diagnosis that was the.

First my. First exposure to it was in medical school as a way of diagnosing the health of the body and the organs and things of that nature and. So i understood that the body has the body as a hologram from that particular model. But i'm always looking uh to give you a shorter answer to your question um my whole life has been on a been a quest for finding the most powerful effective fastest and most direct ways to do things anywhere i go i've been i've been literally looking for metaphorically speaking the swiss army knife of empowerment and human influence if if there's if i learn a technique or i learn a technology that i can only use in a very specific context i very quickly put it somewhere else and i focus on the things that will work in the classroom the treatment room the boardroom the bedroom the negotiation room uh and all points in between which leaves if we have time i'll tell you a funny story about how because you mentioned the three magic questions and speed attraction which is i know exactly what video you're talking about i learned that that technique in the context of dating and attraction little and again i was just coming to this conclusion early on.

But the dating mating archetype from my perspective is the archetype of all other social interactions. So you can take something that works in an attraction and dating context and very very easily grafted over to marketing uh jury selection negotiation mediation fact my my colleague chase hughes who runs applied behavior sciences he actually uses three magic questions when he's interrogating people right. Very very different um. So.

But one of the beautiful things about the technologies that i go i go after that really kind of make me kind of take notice is can i use it somewhere else you know and i get a little sense for what that is and and. But i i digress face reading is something that i'm going to go ahead oh i i just want to add that you know it could be you know just to elaborate on that it can be used in other places it's. So relevant to what's going on in the world right. Now and you know like we're talking about like romance attraction or influencing the boardroom or just in very practical senses.

But i've used some of these techniques in just helping people grieve yes. I lost my mother to covid it's very important work and i think that there's um kind of a parallel track where you can use these techniques in um in incorporating healing arts and just dealing with hardship that and you've done tons of work around that yes. As well yeah and. So.

Anyway i i just i. So much praise and respect for the stuff that you do and it's. So relevant now and i'm glad that there are people in this room kind of listening in because these skills are. So useful in.

So many different contexts. So thanks david you are you are. So very welcome and yeah i i would love to have your reading list or the stuff you study if that's posted anywhere there is i have a very very extensive reading list that one of my students has compiled over the. Last 50 trainings that he's attended.

So if those you guys dm me or sign up for my drdavid.club uh email list where i can keep you posted i'll be happy to send those to you forthwith i have a pdf also that goes along with this talk that if you dm me or go to drdavid.club uh and just give me your name and email i'll i'll send you a whole bunch of stuff let you know what else we're doing and just um to abruptly turn a corner i want everybody to look. Up at the upper right. Hand corner of your screen at this guy named victor here because i ran across victor a few weeks back and i just happened to come across him and he he had people in his room dropping knowledge bombs left and right. And i only intended to go in for a minute i couldn't friggin leave i just everything he that his people were saying he he gave me a few tips on copywriting i think i think it was you that was talking about getting yourself in a super hyped up state before you write and as much as i teach on on on state control in my classes like freak man why didn't i ever think of that you know and uh and.

So i really want if you if you aren't liking and following victor please please uh follow him on instagram follow him on unfair copy um he's an amazing guy and i really appreciate him uh being. So gracious to to to allow us to spend time together. So i'm looking forward to to seeing more from him in the future. So if you haven't followed him already please do um.

So going back to what lynn was saying and kind of coming back to these language patterns the protocol she's talking about is called three magic questions and in this time of covet and isolation and fear-mongering and everything else where people are absolutely desperate and starved for attention these are the tools that will allow you to bridge that gap and generate an oxytocin and dopamine release in everyone that you meet that allows them to experience the connection and the the validation that they desperately need these patterns will change you okay. Um whether you just apply them you know for for one context or not these tools will magnify and amplify everything you do with them. So if you know three magic questions protocol like like was talking about there's a free video it's actually on our instagram channel like i said we've been uploading a ton of our youtube content to instagram. So people can find us there um that that protocol is a profound profound game changer in every therapeutic context that i engage in uh in terms of jury selection and negotiation mediation very very powerful if you build these language patterns into that framework it's even more unstoppable you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts each of them can stand by themselves.

But when you put them together it's a complete you welcome to the matrix right. But again don't believe me and i'm not using negations test it take these things out into the world and ones and twos plug them into your emails plug them into your text messages notice the difference in the response that you get does it speed up does it slow down do people start to elaborate more on the things you've echoed back to them than ever before that was one of the dangers by the way of using the echo technique which we mentioned a couple of times is the minute you echo somebody's words back to them it stimulates their neurology for self-disclosure. So they'll start running off at the mouth which is good for you if you're a good listener right. So the.

Next couple of patterns that we're going to cover i consider these to be a subcategory of the adverb adjective presupposition now why do i say that because they all describe something they all describe something. But they they are specific enough about the effect that they have that they they really kind of warrant their own category. So the. First one i want to share with you is called the temporal i'm sorry not temporary the spatial category of presuppositions um and the words in this category include among expand and beyond now just like all the other words and other categories we've talked about everything that follows these words the neurology creates automatically and processes as if it's literally true in order for you to understand what you've just been told.

So if you understand how to embed things in the structure of what you're saying you can take this from a technique level to a very powerful strategic level words in this category among expand beyond. So as you sort through many language patterns we've talked about in the samples of these words from among the many categories and samples you've given the most powerful ones for you the ones that are most obviously useful for you will rise up from among those and you'll find yourself using them in a way that allows you to create powerful linguistic communications that entice people and enchant them and allow them to move beyond the limitations they thought they have and expand their horizons and undergo dramatic changes and take positive pervasive actions that allow them to realize deep transformation from within themselves and when you think about the power of these words to do that i'm curious from among the many patterns that we've discussed which one do you think you're going to use most often okay. So come back to the room when you use these words how many notice some very vivid three-dimensional imagery going on inside your head come out of trance right. This is the power of the of the spatial category for the in case you didn't know this human beings their spatial memory is actually the most developed aspect of their nervous system.

So when you use words that stimulate that spatial aspect it creates very very powerful very very compelling internal imagery now i've strategically what i've found is that if you using one can be very powerful you could you could say something as simple as from among the many techniques we've talked about i'm curious which one is your favorite what does that presuppose if you think about it a that there's a bunch there's more than one that within that category is one that you liked and that you actually liked one all those things are stated without being said right. So these are assumptions that your neurology tends to make from among the many techniques in this workshop that we've talked about which one rises to the surface and allows you to take notice right. And notice which one that is and i'm curious just by you know if you guys want to share with me what was your experience as you think as you as you allow yourself to kind of review that experience that you just had what did you notice about how your internal processes express themselves oh like um as i said this is i've you know since three now it's like five p.m. So my brain's a bit slow and these things will scare me.

But someone on stage can say something it's okay. By the way this response is very common well i'm definitely drawn to the category number four when you use notice perfect and you should notices is is actually the like i said as far as i'm concerned it's the apex language pattern and once you have it you have the power to seamlessly direct people's experiences in their head outside of their head from among the many different types of imagery that you can create you can literally dictate the path their mind takes and that's cool. So excellent. So did anybody um was there an experience of of uh and again i don't want to put words in your mouth.

But i am curious was there an experience of like a three-dimensional imagery going on in your head as you were doing these go ahead james james jackson i got a lot of people on stage when would now be a good time to speak up for for me it kind of like almost dazed out a little bit because that dude that's why i think maybe some people are a little bit quiet because it's like to recollect almost it's difficult because like i know exactly why they're quiet about it yeah. So that's why that's why i'm goading you a little bit because i warn people at the beginning of this i i warn people at the beginning of this training that because of the format that that clubhouse uses this is one of the most dangerous rooms in clubhouse right. Now it is it really is david i've. So just want to let you know since i've entered planet david my life has it's it's not even the same every four months like i'm always on your youtube videos i've taken your courses in 2020 alone i got two promotions at work through um you have a video on youtube where it's like get the job each time and you go through that interview implementing these word patterns with that oh my gosh it's just it's almost unfair isn't it your life's gonna change and like one thing you said david is like don't hypothesize about this just do it if you don't believe it that's fine.

But do it and when you do it you're gonna see your life transform absolutely it's almost unfair isn't it victor [Laughter] this is why i loved your i love your room right. But it is fair because if you understand the theory behind the the the ethical perspective we take on these materials if you think about this for a moment if you knew with absolute 100 percent specificity exactly how to communicate to another human being that would make them feel heard understood accepted validated in every way that would give them the feelings and the experiences that they've always wanted to have that they're secretly searching for never seeming to find and you deliberately don't do it who's the a-hole now right. And that's where we come from if if you understand these these skill sets and how they fit together you can create powerful communications that leave people transformed after just meeting you once for a few minutes and they will remember you you know there's an old saying and i think it's as true today as it was when it was. First coined i think it was zig ziglar who said it or he stole it from somebody.

But he said people will forget what you tell them especially if you're using hypnotic language. But they will never forget how you made them feel. So your job is to move through the world finding out what people want what they want to feel and engineering your communications in such a way that they get whatever feeling and the results of that feeling they want by doing what you want them to do and when you structure your communications that way your communications will always be ethical they'll always be honest and they will be the most satisfying and thrilling and fulfilling communications they've ever had. So the spatial category once again i think of it as a descriptor now in advanced linguistic applications you can actually use the spatial category to change and reframe a person's checklist remember we talked earlier about an emotional checklist that people have that's advanced we're not going to cover it today we cover that in killer influence we cover that in advanced cpi um.

But the spatial pattern that's this is one of the few patterns that you can linguistically go in and insert things into a person's checklist which is usually sacred and have them actually respond and generate the body feelings with the new parameters installed. So spatial is very very powerful i don't think of this as one of the go-to's i think of this as an accessory or an amplifier if i wanted if i want to generate in somebody a very vivid three-dimensional experience that goes along with everything else. Then i'll really start to incorporate a lot of these spatial words into whatever narrative or or copy or text i'm doing very very powerful very extreme again it will lit if you stack them in there like one of the things i do is i always do relationships. So in other words i won't i could i could do among.

But i always do from my mom from is also a spatial characteristic a mung is another one. So there's always a relationship between these two words and because of that relationship the impact that it has on the reader or on the listener is significantly more. But you can just get away with one among the many ways that you've seen to do these skills which one are you going to implement. First that's that's a single spatial category word very powerful everything that follows it is still presupposed.

But it doesn't have the same the same impact in terms of the imagery that it facilitates. So again take these out and play them i recommend you start with the. First four and if that's too much start with the. First one and.

Then get really good at that circle back add the. Second one get really good at that circle back add the. Third one you can move this as fast through these material or slowly as you want i find that drilling down individually on each one and. Then coming back and stacking is the best approach as long as you're following the training process again you're learning about it consciously here you're hearing about it i'm modeling these things for you for your unconscious to form a template the information is in you.

But what you have to do now you have to go back to your writing exercises you have to state an outcome you have to write three sentences for structure and again descriptors before the things they describe you need to do three in the form of an application specific uh sentence that you could take out into the field and use with a client or a human being tomorrow and you must practice speaking them out loud once again you must must must write them look. At them and practice speaking them out loud if you don't speak them out loud you won't build a strong enough recall pathway that allows you to trigger these things and do them automatically out in the street you'll have great conceptual knowledge you'll have an understanding. But you won't be able to functionally deploy them and that's what everything we do at planet david is about it's about not just understanding it it's about you know god in the world right. Now functionally deliver it and get the result no.

Matter what that's what we're going for. So spatial precepts are powerful let me just review really quick um the categories we've talked about we've talked about the adverb adjective presuppositions of words in this category easily naturally unlimited we've talked about cause and effect because causes and as we talked about awareness recognize realize notice comprehend right. Um we talked about spatial which is a from among over under right. These are very powerful words the.

Next category i want to talk about is again a descriptor. But these are called the temporal ordinal presuppositions and these all these utilize some characteristic of sequence or time um and one of the best ways to kind of there's there's two ways i'm going to give you to understand this for those of you in the direct response copy world uh there's a very colorful character who's been around for quite some time everybody knows him his name is frank kern if you know frank go ahead and give us a quick applause if you don't i'm going to teach you something that frank loved to do back in the day there was something that harlan kilstein lovingly called the frank kern pattern and. So frank used to hold these marketing seminars and he would bring these people up to talk about what they do and offer them an opportunity to buy a product or a service and he would get up in front of the. Next person and he would say.

So look. Before you go rushing back to buy everything harlan has to offer you let me tell you what his stuff has personally done for me right. And. Then and harlan started to call that the frank kern pattern which is before you x do y right.

Before you x y and. So the way the the tempo or ordinal pattern works is that you have this thing you want somebody to do and you list something they're going to do. First and. Then plug it in.

So the structure is and think of it just draw this out before you x put a little line do y and. Then put a little line and. Then just fill in the blank and you'll and you'll be. So the x is always what you want them to do the y is always the thing they have to do.

First. So if they automatically do y it presupposes they're going to do b or do x okay. I hope hopefully i i explain that without causing a lot of confusion questions on that particular structure um no. Question.

But i just wanted to kind of echo what you're saying. But that is what pretty popular headline formula like before you go buy a car or this or before you do that like grab three top people perfect perfect i'm immediately like hooked in and listening exactly. So uh there's a story that uh one of my more infamous mentors ken cleveland used to tell and i'll tell it here just because it also is a great way to understand how to structure um a temporal ordinal pattern. So once upon a time there was this gentleman he was getting up in years he was in his late 50s early 40s he had lived a good life he'd been married children grown up.

But all his life he'd been very religious very spiritual and he decided after his wife passed that he wanted to join a monastery he wanted to devote his life to a devoted himself to a life of contemplation and spiritual growth and understanding and. So he went through the process of becoming a monk he decided he was going to go to seminary he was going to go through the process to become or an ordained monk and. So he go he'd gone through the process and he was coming down to the final interview he walks in the abbott is sitting behind the desk he sits down he introduces himself they go through all the the interview steps at the end of the at the end of the interview the old monk looks at him and he says. So my son i'm curious do you have any questions before we conclude today's interview and move forward and the the gentleman looks at him and he says well father um yes.

Actually i do have a question um out in the secular world i would sometimes smoke a pipe to relax and to you know and i was wondering is would it be okay. If while i was staying here and and doing my duties and things of that if i if i occasionally smoked a pipe and the old monk looked at him and he said very very tenderly very compassionately and uh and with a very soft voice said well my son to be honest when we walk through those doors we eschew the trappings of modern secular society we focus on a life of purity and spiritual contemplation and. So i think it's very important that you leave the things of the world at the door. So i don't think it's appropriate for you to be smoking a pipe while during your time with us and and while you're with us of course the man is obviously disappointed he looks at the monsignor he says thank you father i understand he's walking across the courtyard he passes an old monk in the courtyard sitting on a bench smoking a pipe and just kind of stops he looks at the old monk kind of looks back at the uh the abbott's office and he walks over and he says excuse me sir how how how did this happen how do you get off smoking a pipe when none of us can't and the old monk looks up at him takes a puff on his pipe well did you ask and the man looks at him and says well yeah i asked well what did the father say well the father said that you know when we walk through those doors we give up the things of the secular life and it wouldn't be appropriate for us to smoke a pipe while we're here the old monk looks at him with that knowing look.

On his face takes another puff on his pipe goes well that's your problem son you asked wrong and the old man looked at him and said what do you mean he goes well when i went for my interview and the father asked me if i had any questions i said well father would it be appropriate to pray while i smoked my pipe and the father looked at me and he said my son it is always appropriate to pray boom is it okay. To x y y does that make sense wait. So. So hold on this this falls under the the temporal or you know temporal orders yes.

By all it also falls under the power of story how sucked in were you by that story and embedded within that story i can put every single one of these patterns and it will only amplify and enhance the effect okay. So that's temporal ordinal. First presupposes there's a. Second if you really want to screw people up who are very procedural the.

Second thing you'll learn today as we go through this path as we go through these language patterns is exactly how to force a person's mind to be whatever you do to have whatever internal representation you want now people who are very very uh procedural that will drive them bananas right. What's up what's this. First one right. So you can have all kinds of fun with this.

But these again i think are i think of them as descriptors. But temporal ordinal can be more about process do x y y or while i do x can i y before you x y right. That's how i use them more most often verbally how i do them most often in terms of copy in terms of email things of that nature they're really good in pss you know or when you're about to talk about uh the um uh we're sort of looking for when you get them to uh talk about resistance or risk reduction where you talk about before you before you click the link go ahead and review our our return policy. So you know it's completely risk-free right.

Um you know before you come to the training make sure that you you've gotten time off from work right. Before you sign up for my email list make sure that you uh know which url to use right. David i have a question for you sure i think one of the most like powerful techniques that i've learned from you and tell me please if this is temporal ordinal or what you used when you created this. But um basically it was like a resistance removal thing where you would ask from a number from one to ten if they could rate the level of desire that they have to uh to do something and.

Then they would give you a number and. Then you would ask them afterwards why didn't you rate it less and i haven't i've done this. So many times in my life and basically whatever happens is they give you a number let's say that number is four right. I'll ask them out of curiosity why didn't you rate that number less and.

Then they'll go through the reasoning and. Then they'll influence themselves to actually do what you sort of wanted to do that is hands down one of the craziest things i've ever witnessed in my life can you just tell me more about what that is and like what including these language patterns how can we even make that stronger or is it is that system like strong enough as it is it can stand it we teach it as a state well i've i learned it as a standalone i integrated it into the overall system. So the the the the syst the technology or the framework that uh alex is talking about is known as the resistance removal formula uh and i think you might have heard me mention it when i was talking about james with his girlfriend issue and the theory that again without going into the process because there's a free video you can go watch it to your heart's content take notes do whatever um. But the idea behind the resistance removal protocol is that the rationale a person generates gets stronger when they have to defend it.

So the strategy that you employ is the most powerful reason that a person can have for doing the thing they just said they didn't want to do is the one they make up. So what you do is you set a context where they feel safe very big piece there the autonomy restoration process that goes before that whole framework is absolutely critical because if you don't do that part. First they will frame everything you say as an attempt to influence them and they will push back. So assuming you understand that fine if not go check out the video is free just binge it to your heart's content.

But the the idea is if you once you set a context in which they want to do and again it doesn't have to they don't have to want it a lot they just have to set a context in which they would want to make the change and it's almost never the exact thing you're asking it's usually something tangential to it. But the moment you ask them to rate it they have to evaluate it and. Then when you didn't ask them when you asked them why they didn't rate it less they have to defend why they didn't want it less and in the act of defending the rationale they created the rationale now go strong they literally resist you in the direction of change. So that's the principle behind that whole protocol what do you say if they say one that's what's always had me stumped if they say one like what do you say david perfect why didn't you write it less.

So okay. Perfect you know what you're right. Because it's always one out of ten. So it's always one out of ten and here's the thing the whole questioning framework presupposes they have a reason for wanting to do it and if they if they knew what that reason was what would it be right.

So even if it's a one you can still do this and. Then you don't talk about the original reason you talk about what they gave you and what's the. Next step you need to take to move that forward and they will just say well this is what we need to do and in a very no. Blips on the radar conversational matter-of-fact way you just take that step and you move them along that trajectory guys this is gold if you implement this alongside with what david teaches about like the breathing pattern and getting into the same state like life knowing this it's literally like you have the cheat codes to life i'm serious thank you for that all right.

So we have one final pattern and this pattern is actually a little bit different from every other pattern we've talked about and it comes under the category it's actually a bifurcated category called direct commands and pattern interrupts you see everything human beings do has a sequence a flow to it if you interrupt those sequences the neurology of a person goes into confusion it creates a small window where the brain and the nervous system is literally looking for any direction that gets it out of confusion and chaos. So the the the simple pattern that we use is called stop start now. So there's a little you can fill in the blanks behind each one stop x start doing y now that's when you want to do it stop always follow start now only always follows um stop oh start always follow stop and always follow start. So stop for a moment now if i if if i'm talking for a while about things i say now just stop and pay attention to what just happened inside your head when i said the word stop did you notice that everything just kind of stopped went to the polls exactly that window is the magic moment because if somebody starts to talk about a state a process an experience a memory that is not in the direction you want their thoughts to go you punch them with this not literally punch them.

But literally you go stop thinking about that and start to focus on what you really want instead of what you don't want now as you think about that what's our. Next step that we need to do where do you feel it in your body. So stop doing x start doing why when you want to do it right. Now now now the stop and this and the now can also be used like a tag question is used the moment i say stop whatever trainer thought you had is going to stop.

So stop for a moment and think about something like this if you had these patterns these magic bullets that we just talked about and you could deploy them anytime anywhere in any sequence to create the kind of communications that cause people to want to follow your lead and believe you in what you say and what you do how soon would you start doing it now right. So you can inject this anytime that communication is going in a direction that is not conducive to your outcome or to stop whatever train of thought they're currently in and get them focused directly on you externally associated those you with an nlp background know exactly what i'm saying external associated and. Then you just name the state processor experience and tell them you want them to do it now and now you're off and running riffing in whatever direction you want to go. So the name of this category is i call it pattern interrupt i was taught it under the name of direct command because there's no.

There's no. Fluff with this one you don't soften it you don't um you don't slow it down because the the power of it comes from the punch that you give it stop for a moment and start to think about how you can use these patterns now as opposed to before you learn them right. And as uh forrest gump would say that's about all i have to say about that that's awesome oh man like um. So just uh one quick.

Second to kind of reset the room hello everyone um welcome to the 18 most powerful words in language and how to use them good morning afternoon evening or night wherever you are in the world um hi this is create world rewards club and i'm victor the admin of the club i'm a copywriter and i do make it a point on clubhouse um once or twice a week to invite a very very special guest someone who is knowledgeable and expert in order to best at what they do this week i do have dr david schneider who is actually right. On the top of your screen he is the number one nlp trainer in the world right. Now and he is just been. So generous and.

So giving with his time and his knowledge and answering questions and talking about the room title as it says the 18 most powerful words in language he's actually gone a bit above and beyond instance that is giving us not only 18 though those 18 words giving us 21. in the format of seven different language patterns that we can use in different areas of life whether it's because you're writing ads or writing copy. But it's because you're having conversations with other people it's for influence whether it's just the applications are limited by only your imagination he's a very very generous and knowledgeable person he often speaks here in clubhouse. So i recommend that you give him a follow. So that he can get noted and click the bell icon.

So you can be notified when he speaks you can also go on his instagram where he posts much much longer videos because what he's giving us here on clubhouse is just like a small snippet a small taste and if you like it you can find some more um there now about this room itself it's an interactive room feel free to raise your hand when i get that notification i'll bring you up on stage when you come up on stage please be aware that your microphone is open and i will need you to mute yourself when you come up on stage. So you don't disrupt the conversation with any background noise like i said again my name is victor i try to hold things like this every once in a while. So feel free to follow me feel free to follow the club by clicking the create welcome words um. Next to the little green house at the top there you will see what the club is about and you will tap the follow button to be notified whenever we have events like this again and now i do see we have someone in the audience who raised her hand welcome kathy to the state and what is your question or contribution kathy welcome thank you and oh my god what a what an awesome opportunity to be able to speak to david um david i've been geeking out on your youtube channel for like three years now.

So the fact that i get to just say hello amazing um i'm just gonna get to the point every time i i look. At your channel and the the nuggets that you have and you give like you give. So much i'm like okay. I want to go to his website and i want to register for something based on what you're saying where would you recommend the starting journey of nlp the writing the influencing and i love that you do it with.

So much integrity. So if i went to your website where would you recommend that i start all right. Great question and kathy you're going to love the answer because it's con it's it's weird it's it's conditional here's what i tell all of my students and all of my prospective students now we we've again we pride ourselves and again it's a little it's a point of private me i i do my best to put out better stuff for free than most people charge for. So thank you.

So much for finding value in what we do i do that as a way of saying hey take this go change your life and when you're ready for more you know where to go. So it's it's. So you can start taking control of that. So i i want to applaud you for that here's what i tell all of my students is before you choose any of our programs whether it's a live event our lower ticket you know money magnet mastery or anchors in action or whatever or some of our high ticket prices like heightened laws of attraction or killer influence or nlp practicers or whatever talk to us.

First and the reason for that is is because we have we're always putting out new stuff we're always updating stuff we're always finding new new problems to solve and things to fix and. So if you go to our website right. Where we're redoing it. But if you go to our website there's there's a like a ridiculous number of i've offered over 15 different ones that we're always coming up with more.

So it can be very daunting. So the. First question i ask anybody and this is something i want you all to ask yourself is what do you want to be able to do what what what do you want to do what do you want to accomplish because based on what you want to accomplish i'm going to give you the shortest number of steps to get from where you are to where you want to be okay. So i'm going to ask you kathy what is it you really want to achieve what do you want to do i love it um.

So. First and foremost i am a trained coach and there is the trainings that i've taken it weaves nlp into it. But it wasn't like this is an nlp training. So for me i'm about getting transformational results for my clients i do that.

But i also know the power that true nlp training has. So i want to even speed up that transformation that much more for my clients and even for myself okay. So i have the basic foundation of coaching and i want to just take you to that. Next level that i know nlp is okay.

So it's gonna sound kind of weird based on what i've just been talking about. But the best course for you to take is called real world hypnosis identity by design identity by design is a system that integrates nlp with all these other systems and all these other modalities that i've i've mentioned or have been mentioned and it does it in a way that allows you to systematically target the building blocks of a person's identity through the integration of holographic memory resolution hypnotherapy conversational hypnosis as well as nlp and. So for coaches especially these processes are very powerful there's a seven stage silo that you're going to learn. First one targets there's seven areas it allows you to sanitize all the negativity that a person doesn't even know they have it allows you to remove secondary gain all the reasons they might have for screwing up the change work you're working on it allows you to systematically reprogram the default driver states and mindsets and motivations in their mind and body that allows them to move through the world positively and moving forward it allows you to sanitize all the negativity from their past.

So that when they look. Back on the past they automatically look. Back on in a way that empowers them and moves them forward without having to do weird regression stuff it allows you to change their internal voices. So that the voice in their head builds them up and propels them and inspires them and moves them forward instead of tearing them down and.

Then. Finally there's a process we that is great for coaches called deep trans identification the technique is called magic circle which allows you to systematically create um an alter ego for lack of a better word that that you can use to install traits and qualities and characteristics in your clients based on people whose traits and qualities and attributes they admire. So you could you know like when i was. First going through this process i used like sherlock holmes i used richard bandler i used robin williams i used george carlin these were all people that i did that deep trance identification with to build up those attributes in myself.

So that i can move through the world expressing those skills and qualities russians did a a huge amount of research if you if you want to reference a a course called the reichov effect you can you can read a lot more about the concept of deep trance identification. So real world hypnosis identity by design is ideal for coaches you want to focus on an integrative nlp and hypnosis that has at its core transformational work that's designed to develop their inner game reprogram negativity from their past it does teach not to the same degree that like cpi or killer influence does it does teach the language patterns we've talked about it's just not emphasized. So for a coach who wants the biggest bang for your buck in the shortest amount of time that's where you start now once you have that under your belt your i would recommend that you jump into either cpi level one which is these language patterns plus the whole universal persuasion protocol uh and or killer influence that's going to give you that one-two combination that's going to let you just riff anytime you need to anytime you want to. But the identity by design course will give you the raw anytime anywhere competence to do these things like we've had people do the stuff in lines at starbucks we have one class that's on record as actually having performed all of these techniques in a hotel lobby under it's class of 12 by the way in a hotel lobby undergoing renovations.

Next to an active moving jackhammer with 100 success that's the kind of skill set that identity by design installs in people and. So you'll be you'll be the recipient of these skills and you'll learn how to deliver them in a way that you can do them anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason. So for you it's as cool as the language stuff is um if you want the biggest bang for your buck the things that going to transform people like instantly or in minutes the identity by design course is where i would start and. Then once you decide how deep down the language rabbit hole you want to go um you can start with cpi level one if you want to expand beyond linguistics.

Then look. At killer influence both are both start at the same place. But they go in very different directions. So it really depends on you know what you're interested in.

Next after identity by design. So i hope that helps you tremendously and you read my mind and i'm. So forever grateful and thank you. So much my pleasure what else you got anybody else oh um i just noticed that amara came up on stage amara is also has been spoken in one of these rooms before she's a branding and naming expert one of the best that i've ever seen in her daughter i've spent like basically an hour and a half talking about psychology of nate and.

So on that's cool just shout out and follow her as well um. But yeah. So amara welcome to the room do you have a question for dr david here hi victor and hi david um i've uh i've been listening to the conversation for a while and i noticed that you are doing something. But uh have not necessarily mentioned it or maybe i didn't come in the room early enough.

So what i've noticed is that you are transforming everything into an image whenever you explain something you refer to to seeing as i'm gonna teach you the shortest number of steps uh you just uh describe something by putting the explanation into a hotel room and you know helping people visualize the problem and visualize the solution. So my question is how important is visualization and helping people imagine things in their mind in the methods you're teaching oh my god that is such a great question and it's one that needs to be asked because here's the thing that screws. So many people up when it comes to this concept of visualization versus imagination and it screws people up because the word image is in imagination. But it doesn't have anything to do with visuals i i tend to i i'm pretty balanced in my visual my auditory kinesthetic because of the things that i do.

But i use a lot of visual or imagined typos i like imagine because it covers everything. But because it has the word image in it people automatically assume i'm talking about a picture you don't need to see clear pictures at all in fact a lot of most of the people i talk to don't i i could ask you to describe where everything is in your bedroom and you could point to it and your hands would move in relation to the the spatial relationships without seeing a picture you at very best you might have a fuzzy distorted idea of where something is that is good enough that is good enough you don't need a crystal clear vivid imagery to begin the process of changing the structure and guiding people through amazing experiences what you need to do is you need a way to connect whatever whatever cortex of the brain they prefer to the other layers of the brain which enhances their overall absorption in the experience and. So that's one of the reasons that these 18 patterns or these seven patterns are. So powerful is because it doesn't really matter what your dominant representational system is they will have an effect regardless of of what visual auditory kinesthetic or olfactory describers you use now if you if you have the verbal acuity to build all those things in it's enhanced.

But you don't need it. So um the short answer is it's not that important at all what what's important is that people can access a body feeling and some people may only do that through kinesthetic i had one lady the other day she was purely olfactory you try to do any kind of visual interaction with her and she just kind of looked actually i don't feel anything right. In the moment you had her smell it boom she was i mean what's what's success smell like boom she's right. There.

So part of being a neurolinguistic programmer is paying asking the right. Questions and paying attention to the responses that you get non-verbally. First and. Then building off of that.

So i'm not at the risk of going off on a tangent i hope i answered your question mark yes. You did thank you very much uh what i what i hear is that you basically need to connect to people through any uh senses possible and this matches a lot what i uh what i try to teach people about naming that it needs to create an emotional connection and that can be sensorial objective after all the the center for processing uh smells in the brain is very close to the center that processes memories. So that's why an effective uh memory is uh is very very powerful and uh yeah it just uh enhances uh this emotional connection that needs to be established in order to have transformational change thank you. So much for organizing this thank you victor that was good i'm gonna come to her class oh yeah oh thank you i'm going to organize one david i have a question playing off of what mara had just said i had heard you say to kathy earlier you used the word sanitize and that landed really like awfully in my body and how do we cultivate an experience for a larger group knowing that some of our words we choose may not resonate or may actually turn off some people.

So uh the word you didn't like the word sanitize did not resonate with you correct well it it literally i was like oh god i hate that that's cool all right. What would you like to hear instead i would like to hear clear okay. Okay. So here's what i'd like you this is this is where it gets fun go ahead close your eyes.

For a moment think of that word and that feeling you got when uh when i said it and point to where you feel it in your body oh totally in my chest notice there's a color connected to that feeling i'm curious what color or colors that might be for you. First impression um it's it's very red and angry excellent i want you to think if your unconscious mind your higher mind could send you a feeling a color a vibration that would completely dissolve that from your body i'm curious what color would she send you it would be green go ahead and imagine a big ball of that green energy floating above your head breathe it through your entire body. But especially for that red angry area and notice what happens yeah it just dissipates perfect now fill your whole body with it notice how good you feel yeah pretty good now for those of you who are taking notes go back and reverse engineer the patterns i used right. So now insert clear where that other word used to be notice how good you feel [Music] um i feel okay.

I mean not amazing. But like less less kind of um less reactive okay. Um [Music] is there a tone to it when you hear that word there's there's some unpacking that we need to do here i don't know if this is the right. Place to do it yeah probably not right.

But if you want to dm me we can walk you through it all right. Great thanks all right. So oh who claims you had a question i'm sorry i apologize richard didn't mean to step on you uh just real quick david for some reason i'm looking at my notes here and uh back on the time and sequence i got before u x and the x was what you want them to do do y and i just never got what the y was x uh before you x y. So the y is always the thing to get out of the way that presupposes or assumes they're going to do the.

First piece. So before you buy before you buy go to my website and and find your favorite product ask me what you you know tell me what you want to accomplish. So i can give you the best recommendation excellent okay. Okay.

Thank you. So much i wanted to add one thing i i saw david i i heard david do uh exactly what what chris boss was mentioning uh. Last week in his uh almost 8 000 people room um and he was saying the. First step to a successful negotiation is to be able to change how the people feel and that we we saw that live from you david with emily and congrats you're very welcome thank you thank you for that cool my wife is giving me the signal that it's time for dinner ah okay.

Okay. Um just to um before uh just kind of do like one final reset um. So hello everyone good morning afternoon evening night wherever you are in the world i'm hi my name is victor this is the 18 most powerful words in language and how to use them hosted by the create 12 reports club of which i am the club admin today i have dr david snyder who is my guest of the day i've had to make it a point once or twice a week to find an expert or someone interested in clubhouse to come in and give a talk on their topic of expertise um this week is dr david who is the number one nlp trainer in the world and also has a lot of free information that he gives out i recommend that you follow him on clubhouse as well as click that little bell icon to be notified every time he speaks he's also pulled up a lot a lot a lot of content on instagram that i also recommend that you go check it out there you can find full length videos for the stuff that he's talking about because. So far he's just sharing a tiny tiny fraction and i'm pretty sure that given this room has been going on for three hours and i've been seeing some of the same faces for about two and a half of them that a lot of you are enjoying what he's got and you'd like to get some more.

So that's the way to get perform um as for this this is the great world worth club where i hold conversations like this once or twice a week if you'd like to be in tune and notified for when we have similar conversations like this go ahead and tap the create welcome word sprays at the top. Next that little green house and follow the club um and that's how you get notified for any future events we've had we want this room to be kind of like interactive. But. Then we've been going on for about three hours and it seems like david has to be on his way out.

So david how many minutes are we thinking two or three minutes or less i could probably i can probably i could probably stretch it to ten. So if people have questions i'm happy to to answer is somewhat uh what's what uh what's the word i'm looking for uh great neural linguistic programmer gets shorter words huh uh succinctly as i can okay. No. Problem well um here i noticed that vimal raised his hand and i brought you up on stage welcome to mal is there anything that you would like to say or a question that you'd like to ask dr david before as a.

Last question before you kind of wind things down um yes. I would and uh. First of all i'd just like to thank uh both uh yourself victor and david you know like um what you're doing here is absolutely amazing thank you and um i think what victor said you know he said something that uh you know that dr david is just just sharing a little bit about what he knows and um i'd just like to ask you david like you know um how far do you think you can go with the mind i don't think there is a limit i think for every limit we find someone will eventually find the way through. So part of my my life's mission in addition to ending as much suffering as humanly possible starting with yours and mine and and spreading it out there is to show people what's possible for them you know and to do it in a way that doesn't really matter if you if you believe it can work for you or not if you just take these these mechanical steps your world will change or an effect will happen.

But truthfully i think the only limitations that we have as created beings are the ones we choose to have whether we know that whether we make that choice consciously or not and that's part of the work you see part of the job of every neurolinguistic programmer or hypnotist or a change worker is to help people to become more self-aware to understand themselves better and. Then ultimately to give them the tools to transform what they find when that awareness opens up and i believe that as we become progressively more self-aware as we raise our consciousnesses we become aware of the patterns that exist at every level of human experience the way beyond those perceived limitations is going to dissolve and evaporate and it may come from me it may come from you it may come from somebody down the road who saw a video and just said what nobody ever told me they couldn't. So they just tried something and all of a sudden poof and effect happens i can't count how many times i thought i had a limit i found the limit of a technology and one of my students says hey i did this for this and this happened i was like wow i guess i'm not done you know and and that's the beauty of of this this kind of work is that there's always more to learn there's no. Limitation except the one you impose or that was imposed on you at a time in your life when you didn't know any better when you didn't have the perspective or the cognitive resources or the skills the techniques to make a different choice that's our job as a neuro-linguistic program our job is to ask questions pay attention to the responses and figure out what people need to do or how they need to do it to get the result that they want the way that they want it you know and.

So the short answer is i don't think there is one um. But i think a lot of it is is you know a lot of it depends on the direction and the resources at your disposal to do that. So. But you know it always comes back to every time i think i find a limit to these skills and these abilities something comes along that proves me wrong.

So functionally yeah and i i kind of agree you know like every day is a school day you know you should you should always try and learn and just play with the things you know play with the things you know be as playful with these skill sets as humanly possible because the more playful you become the more power you create and that sounds weird because some of the things we deal with are pretty heinous. But the more playful and easy chris foss talked about this i read it in his book. And when i talked when i saw it it just resonated and the science was there the more playful you are with these skills the more powerful they become and the more creative you get with them right. So you know just just yeah yeah because i i think you know we're just at the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the mind and what what we can do with the mind and words and all of these things you know and we're just discovering it you know.

So as you say experiment play yeah decide what you want and just play with it right. Today it was about language language is the thread that weaves all these other various forms of human influence together language and the vak are the are the building blocks of every thought every belief every memory that you have and when you understand how that code interacts with the human neurology the human physiology human beings become extremely adaptable malleable pliable creatures that can tap into things they never knew they had inside of them. So play with it explore it there are no. Limits i'm complete okay.

Thank you them all for your question and. Then now we're kind of just winding down in this room um i recommend everyone go check out drdavid.club which is d r david dot club where you can go in and enter your email and we will send you um a pdf which discusses what we're talking about today i just tested it a few minutes ago i'm looking at it right. Now it's a 14-page pdf going on on all the words that he covered here today with some more um explanations if there's anything that you missed out before you'd like a recap on maybe just like oh i'm forgetful i didn't write anything down you want to get them there you can go to drdavid.club to get these notes sent to you to your email address and um before we go i would like for maybe anyone on the stage who has anything maybe words of appreciation or something that they like some form of feedback to briefly give um david and. Then david is going to end by letting us know how he can get in touch with him and how to learn more how he prefers us to do that.

So i'm just going to go around one by one and kind of point out someone on stage and say what your thoughts about the room or. So emily what were your thoughts thanks victor. So much for hosting the room and david for your expertise i'm just dipping my toe into the water of this and i am overwhelmed with gratitude and appreciation and i can't wait to learn more awesome thank you. So much perfect i i don't even know where to begin i think uh i think david knows how how transformative his teachings have been all my life um one thing you did mention today that really kind of with a lot of your work like you can stack other things and when you sort of spoke about um some of the language patterns um it really made me think how i could stack it with like the bankston method that you teach and um even identity by design like using those words to really influence that new identity um i'm definitely gonna be keeping an eye out on you mentioned one of the new courses i believe which is um hidden laws of uh yeah like i'm i'm definitely going to look.

Further into that is that all mine yet yes. If you go to uh nlpower.com and the product section in fact there's there should be an image of it on the home page very powerful course and it takes everything you've learned from killer influence from identity by design and even some of the banks in fact we teach the image cycling process in there as part of that system okay. Perfect um linda josh david victor this has just been such a powerful creator as i know and um oh your your mic keeps cutting it in and out thank you. So much dm me on instagram linda yeah it seems like linda's having a bit of mike trouble um james yes.

Tell you i just you know uh you're such a blessing to mo. So many people me in particular and i think it was kathy that was talking about just the amount of giving that you do you know you could be a billionaire if if you got paid for everything that you give. But uh. But that's not what's important to you and i think that's just.

So amazing at showing what a great person you are thank you thank you maybe i need therapy i don't know we'll see thank you thank you. So much thank you right. Thank you james um lynn anything you'd like to share uh i'm just gonna echo what everyone just said thank you. So much dr david dr david.club i just signed up.

So i'm going to repeat that for anyone who didn't get that url um your work has changed my life profoundly in. So many ways i i just appreciate you. So much and your beautiful articulation a very complex patterning and concepts in a very short amount of time this is incredible valuable content thank you. So much for sharing with us for free thank you.

So much for for participating and sharing and using the skills that's the biggest compliment you can pay me it's nice again i'm not downplaying anybody's praise or anything like that. But the biggest rush i get is when people approach me reach out to me and tell me how they used what they learned to change their life and inevitably to change the lives of other people you know that's that's why i do these things that's why i share what i share because i want you to go out and change the world starting with yours and the world's too big for me i need all of you to to reach and and to make your life exactly what you want it to be be an example to other people and show them how to do it right. And and. So thank you i i couldn't do this without people like you.

So thank you. So much thank you lynn for sharing and uh mara do you have anything that you like to say to dr david closing words uh thank you. So much david and uh it was a really interesting uh discussion and i've learned a lot we are always learning i'm i'm learning from uh listening to you. But also from noticing what you do and yeah thank you for doing it and thank you victor for organizing it it's it's a pleasure thank you.

So much all right. And vimal anything you'd like to say um yeah i'm i'm a little bit upset actually you know i'm i'm upset that i joined late i'm upset that david needs to eat. So thank you very much from the bottom of my heart you know it's been uh it's been educational thank you very much i may have a surprise for some of you a little bit. Later.

But i'll i'll keep that under my head for now until i talk to victor about it. So um. So for me dr david thank you. So much for being.

So generous with your time i do believe that you have had the longest running room of any of these sessions that i had and also one of the biggest. So far because. So many people have been listening for hours and hours and that's a testament to not only the power of your information that you share. But also the presentation and the way that you manage to keep everything simple um easy to accessible easy to understand yet.

So. So riveting and interesting and also i want to thank you. So much for your time and being. So generous and um before we kind of wrap up i want to again encourage everyone in this room please take a couple seconds to follow dr david here on clubhouse as well take a.

Second to follow him on instagram as well once you've finished that please take a moment to also follow the create wealth reports club by tapping those words at the top it will take you to the club description and tap follow button to that csp for conversations that are similar to this one and other different experts talking about their topic and dr david um also on the plugin as well his website drdavid.club.davidbrdavid.club where he can go and sign up and he'll send you basically a summary sheet of all the information that he discussed today it's a pdf that's about 14 pages long of looking at it right. Now and it covers in summary all the topics are covered here today. So if you're feeling oh man i came in on the. Last hour and i missed a whole lot of stuff you can get a pretty good recap in that document right.

There and also i'm dr david what would you like to leave us with how would someone get in touch with you where would someone go to find more of your stuff and just let us know okay. Well for those of you who want to take the. Next step who again the. First thing i recommend is before you know you again you can get lost in the sauce on our website we're redoing it to make it a little bit more user-friendly.

But if you know what you want to learn you know what you want to accomplish reach out to us at the following phone number four 858-282-4660 six three it's in the numbers also in the pdf it's eight five eight two eight two four six six three one more time eight five eight two eight two four six six three you can join us at drdavid.club that's my clubhouse specific newsletter. So when i do things or i have information to share or an interesting tidbit that's what that list is for um nlpower.com is our home website we have a a fleshed out blog um you can check us you know if you want free content you have instagram is we're uploading a huge amount of content to our instagram channel please consume as much of it as you like. But ultimately if you have a question you want a recommendation you want to go over something maybe you want a one-on-one session or whatever it is just reach out to us 858-282-4663 and we will point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step.

So that's that's it and i want to i want to thank each and every one of you once again victor this has been amazing um again whenever i broach this topic sometimes it's it's a little nerve-wracking if you're coming into it cold without any real prep. But you guys you guys hung in there and you've got the you've got the installation now you have to build the recall pathway and the way you do that is by doing the drills in the manual that i sent you do those drills write them out keep a list of words. Next to you and just play with them and watch what happens that's it my friend i'm done i'm gonna go eat now okay. No.

Problem well thank you. So much for your time again i'm going to i always like to end my rooms on a 10. Second countdown during that 10. Second countdown i strongly recommend you follow dr david clubhouse and tap the bell icon as well and also follow the create wealth reports club to access future conversations like this and enough talk the countdown begins now 10 9 8 7 6 5 four three two one have a fantastic day everyone god bless take care.
