Title: NLPPOWER MASTER MIND MENTORING NEW YEARS DAY VIDEO MARATHON PT 6
File Name: s7c3kbbQ5do.txt
Video Id: s7c3kbbQ5do
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7c3kbbQ5do

Zuri it's it's a very it's a very sensual experience isn't it right. So yeah it's a lot a lot of powerful stuff you can do with this it almost comes a point when you're when you're talking people whether the talking almost becomes invasive or you just wanted to shut the [ __ ] up right. And that's okay. You know what.

I would normally do when. I would do my. Reiki circles on my. Friday night everybody's joined hands they'd start circulating energy.

I talked them through an induction do a chakra or in alignment and. Then just send them off into the ether to commune with loved ones guide spirit teachers or whatever for 10 15 20 minutes while the. Reiki practitioners would go around and actually apply the energy to them and. Then we'd bring them back and have lots of food afterwards.

So what was it like. Nannette how was this for you would you learn very pretty the. Rainbow. Bridge just let go excellent that's all we need hey.

Veronica like that's a different energy right. Rikki's is a very serene blissful maternal comforting. But sensual energy too it has very different frequency very different feel right. [ __ ] yeah and this is this is you know when.

I was back in the 90s when. I was living in. Florida. Reiki was the only energy healing system that would feel it was allowed to be taught in the kabbalah center yeah that's a synagogue okay.

Okay. There was you know because that the mechanics of. Reiki are identical to. Kabbalistic energy work you have to fill yourself it's about in.

Kabul the. Cabalists would call light and vessel okay. The more the bigger your vessel the more light you can pull and. Then it has to go somewhere and.

Then whether you hold on to it for you when you hold on to it or you pass it through you they define as being desired to receive for the sake of the self or desire to receive for the sake of sharing there's desire to receive for the sake of self results in an energetic short circuit because your vessel is finite and you have more you take in more energy than you can use and. But when you have desire to receive for the sake of sharing you have a vessel that fills. But there's a tiny hole in the bottom where it leaks out. So the energy is constantly flowing right.

Because there's an infinite source that aperture is smaller than infinite source there's always more than if. But it moves through you and that's desire to receive for the sake of sharing alright. And the more. I share the larger my vessel grows and the more.

I can share and the more. I have. But the minute. I just hold on to it.

I block the flow my best was full. So either the energy has to stop flowing or the vessel has to break right. At all yes. Is that interesting metaphor that way.

I wrote about in his book. Cases it's like if you have cup full cup are you can you pour more in it and the answer is yes. It's just that you have to pour out. First that's how it yep right.

So the old. Zen koan with the tea cup and those in master and you have to empty your cup right. Bruce. Lee had a smartass ass answer for the only use for the cup is for its fullness because.

Bruce was funny that way right. It's not a stupid man. But kind of an in-your-face kind of guy right. But my point is is that there's a there's an interconnectedness and a complementarity and there's an order to it believe it or not even though it seems the completely random and a mishmash of this and that and the other thing at the higher levels there's a connection there's a there's a system in place connected by a series of natural principles or universal principles or laws the laws create the principles create the laws.

So the higher the print the higher we become more identified a ie in rapport we become with those vibrational fundamental principles of the universe the more we become like them the more our vessel can start to flow that energy through us and we become more like the energies we channel. So that internet shell is that this is the process of spiritual growth and empowerment yet rapport with the thing you want to be most like. I it reply please hear me say it in a little offhand remarks here and there in various trainings rapport is the secret to the universe okay. It's no.

Less true today than it was 10 years ago in fact it's probably more. So right. And that's what all heretics is about rapport and correspondence right. We talk about quantum entanglement which is basically the law of.

Correspondence things that are similar in some way are connected in some way period you want to create a connection create a similarity [Music] you want to create similarity create a connection all right. So. Katie had asked us about meetups and public speaking. So now we're gonna kind of we're gonna go a little left brain.

Then we'll circle back into a little bit more right. Brain and somewhere along the line we'll will cover as much as we can in the time that we have. So. Katie what specifically did you want to know about meetups and public speaking.

I say certain things. I always say certain. I've never not said a certain thing depends what. I'm talking to oh yeah will be helpful.

I think you're talking to me right. Now okay. Is that who you want to speak to that's a no. See how fast unconscious mind always answers.

First always answers honestly right. That's your. First step right. But.

I'll give you a quick overview on let me go into meetup calm and just show you some things okay. A lot of people have tried to copy my meetup process and most of them fail and here's why they stopped doing it they don't do it long enough they quit too soon right. I can lie you know it's probably it might have changed a little bit because. I got hacked.

I haven't done an official meetup other than an open house and probably. I'm going on two years now right. But prior to that time once - one - twice a month literally every month since 2009 there was a meet-up and. I know and you.

I can look. At somebody's. Meetup and know within three months or less how fast and they're gonna go out soon it's going to disappear because they all make the same mistakes the. First one is they don't keep going okay.

You should have you should give your. Meetup no. Less than six to nine months if you're if you're quitting after three months you've bailed too soon right. I would give it a year yeah.

I would and and remember the secret to meetup is content consistency and logistics you need content that people want to know about you have to enjoy it as they're consuming it you need a consistent location in a consistent start time okay. And an easy place to get to that's neutral in other words no. [ __ ] living rooms right. You do not want hold meetups in your living room you're not want to hold you meet up in somebody else's living room okay.

It has to be a neutral professional location now that professional location could be the lobby of a real estate building office which is where. I held our. NLP power meetups for the. First three years till we moved to vision pulse the only reason.

I moved to vision pulse was because my competitor was in vision pulse and. I don't take territorial invasion very well and. So. I took.

It right. There's a whole there's a whole warfare story there. But yeah. I've driven several trainers out of.

San. Diego because they pissed me off. I never draw. First blood.

But. I always draw. Last. So let me log in here and by the way.

I own the meetup space still not just for. NLP. But for hypnosis for self-defense for. Systema for a screamer for pressure point work and for small circle.

G. I own martial arts space period when. I want to do a meet-up. I'll get 30 people to show up like that okay.

I have the law. I have had and still do have some of the largest most well attended highest-rated meetups period. So the meetup interfaces have changed a bit. So you may have to modify my approaches based on the new interfaces.

But by and large if you follow the direct response principles that. I'm going to share with you you're gonna be off to a good start okay. I don't keep our. But.

I also on the aisle. I also own the meetup space for energy healing okay. 493 members and that's and you know an average average attendee 2811 to see consistency is important because sometimes you'll be doing a great meetup for two people you and your cameraman right. So one of the things you can count on right.

Off the bat is regardless of your meetup about one-third of the people who sign up show up. So if you get 12 people you're getting four right. Now we we break that average we gavage about two-thirds to 75% of the people who sign up for our events show up and we've kind of found that out the hard way because we would often be like standing room only for an event and things like that how many of you came to find out about me through. Mita just a show of hands real quick or just.

YouTube. So in other words you did find me through meetup because pretty much without fail every single. YouTube video from the dawn of time was a meet-up there are all meetups every almost every single one okay. So meetup is a perfect way to create content that is multi-purpose and serves you.

So everything you do whether you have an audience of 100 or one should be recorded yeah hang course. So let's go to. NLP power and just because it's got the largest. So the.

First thing you need to understand is who are you talking to what do you want to get out of your. Meetup one of the biggest mistakes people make when they use meetup comm is they use meetup as a way to try and get clients they used meet up as a trying way to build a business that's the wrong attitude meetup is about cheap people looking for free stuff who want to have a good time okay. And if you don't factor that in you're gonna you're going to be very frustrated. But if you understand that going in they're all looking for free stuff they're all looking for a good time they all expect to catch and they're all expecting a sales pitch.

So you have to go off code you have to give them useful consumable information in an enjoyable entertaining format that they can take right. Out into the field and use right. Away not only that you have to demonstrate that it works in front of them on them you understand you need to if you watch my early videos one of the. First things.

I do is. I have them stand up feel good move their [ __ ] around right. I'm creating a state of hyperplastic. I'm putting them all into profound multiple layer trances.

Then what do. I do. I bring somebody right. Up out of the audience like a faith healer and.

I take their [ __ ] away without fail. I bring somebody up. I spin it i frame it. I do whatever.

I got to do and. I get that changed right. In front of it right. Because they're associating into whoever.

I bring up as the demo subject and assuming and they're playing that role they're seeing the world from that perspective that could be me. So in that in those critical half hour 45 minutes whatever it is of your meet up you've demonstrated. Authority knowledge and given them multiple experiences that are fun and useful because it's pretty supposed at the content they're coming for is something they want not something you want right. So your meetup should always solve a problem should always solve a problem yes.

Isn't it also fair to say that with them you build compliance from very beginning it. So that's that's less than other are they play audience is like you have today get more like well you need to build compliance right. From the get-go. But in order to get compliance you have to get connection worried about that [ __ ] no.

You don't worry about that [ __ ] no. No. Get the big pieces. First and.

Then some big piece if you don't put the big pieces in. First you'll never get them in. Later what. I mean back to come again there's no.

Is it that your goal nope my goal was to give them great experience now it'll come back on their own. I don't need to program them to come back if they come out of my meetup having an amazing experience. I don't have to tell them to come back they'll be bailed to be a line waiting okay. Yeah yeah if you have if you feel the need to give suggestions for them to come back you don't have enough faith in your content when you were doing the two hours they only gave you two hours and.

Then you said and you said well if you want to come for more this is where you can find ya you always get permission from the start yeah to make and also you pre you preframe it what you say is if this is the the scope and we'll talk about this in. CPI for if this is the scope of everything there is to learn we have time for this. So my my commitment to you as a teacher is. I'm going to give you as much as.

I can in the time that we have and. I'm going to point you in the direction of where to go for more if that's what you want to do is that fair the minute they say yes. You've just been given permission to make an offer they know it's coming they've given permission to present it there's no. More selling it's just presenting right.

But you don't have to suggest for them to come back because if your content is strong enough if the experience you've delivered is strong enough they will beat a path to your door right. And embedded commands and things like that work if the internal environment is already primed and predisposed to taking that action if you give suggestions for people they drink. Coca. Cola and they're not thirsty they'll never drink coca-cola.

But if you prime people to drink coca-cola and they suddenly get thirsty they are far more likely to drink coca-cola that's how priming works the way you get somebody excited to come back is you make the experience they're having now amazing think about the the most amazing date you've ever had amazing. First date you've ever had how excited were you about the. Second date right. Did you have to be convinced to go on the.

Second date that's all it is it's seduction on a macro scale make the experience. So amazing. So fulfilling. So useful that they can't wait to come back and.

Then if you want to add in suggestions and presuppositions of returning and doing other things you can do that. But if your content isn't strong enough it won't matter and your content has to speak to them - to what their wants and needs and desires are and that sometimes goes into you have to do some research you have to step into their shoes and live life through the end in their skin and and and describe to yourself what's the pain what's the what's the solution how do they talk about it how do they think about it and use that kind of language to get their attention because you as a meet-up presenter don't want to talk to everybody you want to speak only to the people who most need and want your message product or service if you try to talk to everyone you'll talk to no. One okay. So just in case you were wondering.

Second largest meetup in the world there's only one bigger than ours and it's in it's in. Australia and. I haven't done a meet-up since 2017 and when. I let when.

I did the meet-up in 2017 we had 1400 people why not me why not. I'm busy. I don't have time ask him he'll tell you. I'm all over the freaking world right.

I had to stop doing meet us because we were generating. So much business we couldn't say we had a waiting list for months long and. I was seeing clients five days a week you understand. I was plus.

I'm teaching and. I'm doing all these things. I was a [ __ ] raisin dude. So.

I decided to take a break and went to my doctor program how smart am i right. Out of the frying pan into the fire. But my point is is that and a lot of these people signed up from. YouTube because that's all it's out there now right.

They go and they find me on meetup.com now here's the secret about meetup. But people don't understand you guys know what does an authority site is what's an authority site not a clue okay. In internet marketing in search engine marketing there are things known as authority sites these are sites that have. So much traffic.

So much interaction on a topic or a group of topics that. Google looks at them. First as go to sites for specific relevant information we call those authority sites. Facebook.

Is an authority site. YouTube would be technically an authority site. Alexa write. Wikipedia right.

If you if you if whenever you type something into a search bar those are always the. First five or six places that come up is. Wikipedia this or image it write authority sites one of the hidden authority sites is meet up anything you place on meetup.com goes right. To the top of the.

Google search bar usually if it's unique if it has a lot of traffic to it it stays there for meetup for organizers. I think the fee is like 80 or 90 bucks every six months. So yeah do the math and. I'm gonna give you some math in a minute just to you and.

But. I want you to understand that meetup itself is simultaneously a short term and long term solution if you structure it right. First thing has to be content you've got to know what content you want to deliver and before you can do content you got to know who you want to talk to you got to know who your audience is and what problems they have right. And this is especially true for.

NLP people and hypnotists because the vast majority of hypnotists out there the vast majority are linguistic programmers out there put out meet up topics that cater to neuro linguistic programming hypnotist and. So the only people that show up are neuro linguistic programming hypnotist they're not looking to become a client they're looking for free information that they can steal without having to pay for it right. So if you look. And.

I've made this mistake if it's not a mistake if you're looking for people to practice with if you're looking for people to develop your skills with not a mistake. But if you're looking for people who could some could potentially turn into clients that's not a good topic all right. So if you go to events and all trying to skim through this as quickly as. I can [Music] black past it's gonna there's a lot of them in case you haven't noticed okay.

Oops still more. So if you look. At how. I started this way back in the beginning and again there's a there's whole modules of this in our in our.

CPI for course. But if you look. At let me see if. I can help where am.

I at. November 7 no. Vision pulse okay. I think this is okay.

This is what we move vision pulses when we moved from from the real estate office to vision post creative center. So. NLP secrets of personal transformation right. If we look.

At the content here and the larger the contents gonna stay the same see if. I can find. I'm trying to find the year. I'm not seeing it.

So there we go there's a 14 ok. 2014. So 2014 we were we had we had we had found the the formula by. Then and that was see all no.

I wanted that and that was you focus on generic entry point topics like if you if you go to. I don't know why. I can't pull it up here maybe there's some kind of filter going on or something. But if you go to the early events like free like 2013 2012 2011 you're gonna see things like proxemic influence and persuasion conversational-hypnosis made easy our conversation of gnosis for fun and profit anchors in action hypnotic hot buttons you may have heard these may remember these from my catalog which are old videos.

But if you notice the topics they're all. NLP hypnosis related right. So you're going to get a very specific clientele people who are educated to some degree in that discipline and those are the people who showed up and. So it's very hard to sell those people into becoming clients right.

And for your for every every meetup that you have there's gonna be three categories of client that you're dealing with their potential client or customer that you're dealing with the biggest crowd is going to be the. DIY crowd they're the people who just want to fix their own [ __ ] or dudes or solve their own problems right. They're going to have the greatest numbers lowest price point okay. Then there's gonna be the mid-level clients mid-level clients are the fix it for me [ __ ] these are the these are the people who want your help to fix their [ __ ] smaller demographic higher price point and there's the people who want to go around fixing other people's [ __ ] right.

We call you a special kind of stupid right. Smallest demographic the highest price point that's why coaching programs learning how to be a public speaker how all have the biggest ticket a smaller amount of people want to do it right. So you want to create content that allows people to enter your funnel at any of those levels. But for the most of you is going to be a grassroots thing you're going to be working with the.

First two people who want to fix their own [ __ ] most of whom will never become buyers and that's okay. Because amongst that. DIY crowd you give them something that solves a problem they're going to use it they're gonna solve a problem and they're gonna have another problem guess who they'll think of to solve that problem eventually they going to hit a problem that they can't fix guess who they're gonna reach out to. So it's long-term right.

But also be within the context of your. Meetup there's a point where you can make an offer and give them a free gift of a consultation and our consultation script is very very simple we offer all prospective students at three free 30-minute consultation to determine if your case is a fit for our methods after you passed our screening we'll discuss strategies and tactics for helping you get your situation resolved in the shortest amount of time possible if we can help you we'll tell you if we can't help you will tell you that too and point you in the direction you need to go that most fits your needs when you're ready to schedule your free 30-minute consultation go see. Linda we have like 12 slots left. Linda how many slots jLF twelve nine oh sorry nine slots left go back and see.

Linda at the back of the room and she'll get you scheduled okay. They fill up fast it's usually charged $175 just to walk in the door. So we're giving this my it's a free gift from me to you for coming out and sitting through our presentation and going through this process if you feel like this is a fit for you go see. Linda before all the slots are gone and.

Then when we come back from our break we'll go into the. XYZ. So. I'll either present the off at the break because a lot of people will slip out during your break right.

So you give them something to come back for you always taste like juicy morsel for after the break. So the vast majority of people come back and. Then you make the offer again right. But it's always a gift that you're giving you have to assign a value to it right.

And if you've done your job properly and you've given them value and they've experienced a certain number of people will fill in and opt-in or raise their hand for those slots once you have them you must confirm their appointment within 36 just no. More than 72 hours. I say 36 because the leads are gonna get colder they're gonna have time to think about it life is going to happen. So you need to get them in and scheduled and confirmed within 36 hours it's not what wasn't uncommon for me to collect a whole bunch of names drive home as fast as.

I can and email them immediately and have them click the links right. Back when. I was a one-man show and. I worked very well right.

I built a whole whole business it's largely a one-and-a-half man show right. So if you look. At 2014 forward you're gonna see the same the same topics repeating personal transformation mental training secrets renegade romance personal transformation personal transformation deception detection flirting for fun and profit personal transformation learn. NLP for free and.

I'll be four this is a this was one of the more specialized ones you have a lot of people have a large internet marketing community here in. San. Diego. So copywriting was a big draw change your luck change your life this was a very useful one okay.

And you can see 20 to 26 40 40 to 30. So these are not small attendees right. But if you look. You'll see after a while this same topics keep coming up right.

These were the topics that had the largest poll these were the topics that pulled in the most people in terms of the cattle call that raised their hand and wanted to go further understand. So when you're trying to build a business you have to think long term slow burn you have to create you have to isolate a problem create a content give them an experience and tell them where to go. Next tell them what to do. Next everything you do should have a call-to-action connected to it.

But it shouldn't be an obvious sales pitch like all if you join my program. I'll tell you how about the. XYZ know when you when you begin talking about other things you say in my killer influence course we talked about the. Seven hypnotic language patterns that cause everything you say to become an irresistible hypnotic suggestion write what you know we'll teach you the seven different ways that that week you can actually force somebody's internal pictures to be exactly what you say that you can make anything you want appear to cause anything you want that you can make anything you want mean anything you want with just three language patterns this particular.

Court this particular ninja pattern is from that course we don't have time to cover all seven. But we'll cover this year if you want more we can talk it you know we have other courses where you can get that stuff. So you give them us this called sample platter your seating when you talk about something and. I'll tell you who's probably one of the best.

I don't even know. II just. I don't even know if he does this consciously one of the best people on the planet at this is actually master. Steven.

Co from pranic healing all right. When he's teaching a pranic healing class he'll talk about in products and psychic self-defense we do this and crystal healing we're gonna do this the books are back there if you need them right. He just seeds he's constantly seeding throughout the entire process referencing other works other materials he's and he's a master at it okay. And you go and you bought because it piques your interest he gives you a morsel that's really cool that you can use and now you want to learn more he doesn't tell you to go buy it you had the experience you went and bought it right.

That's the difference between selling and offering the difference between pressure and pull or pressure are yeah we want to create buying tension a desire for the product not a push to buy it and. So seeding is a very effective way to do that. But it starts by giving them something they can use right. Up front and telling them it's a piece of something even more powerful it's that make sense.

But you don't say go buy this or. I say you don't say you don't hold him hostage well if you buy my course. I'll tell you this they'll [ __ ] it they'll go reacting on you really [ __ ] quick okay. So again you'll notice after a while certain buzzwords just pull people 39 24 36 25 and you get a lot of this has to sometimes what's going on in and around the area.

But you notice that the the meetups get consistently bigger and bigger and bigger as time goes on we hit the 50 mark every now and. Then we haven't it's not linear. So and this is what. I mean where consistency comes in there will be days if you stick with this long enough and you hone your content you pay attention to the responses you're getting where you'll have 100 people screaming to get in same topic two months.

Later you'll get four people are fickle there are certain days you'll find that are better for events than others we found that here in. San. Diego. Monday was always the best day.

Monday nights were always the best nights okay. I don't know why that is they rested on the weekend they only had to go through what shift to work yeah they had laid head assr use left right. Works man right. So you have to we did we found that vis very also very true in.

LA yeah we would have packed houses on. Mondays. Wednesdays half many you know that many right. Friday.

So good luck right. Because they're all doing something else right. Unless they had no. Life or they were really into this stuff.

But again. So you'll notice it and you can you can go and you can review this on. I mean you can access this and you can look. At all the different minutes and you'll see that the same topics keeps showing up over and over and over again right.

These are the ones that pull these are the ones. I recommend you start with you know you don't have to steal my copy. But you model it model the topics this was this end and. Then target the specific application within that.

So if. I talk about emotional detox. I can. I can work in motional eating into that.

I can work you know stops you know trauma resolution into that. I can work anything into emotional healing right. And you can do the same copy and just talk about a different aspect based on taking the temperature if you watch my videos it looks like. I'm being overrun by questions and to a certain degree.

I am. But here's the thing you understand when they're asking questions they're interested okay. And you're there for them they can't they they came they've left their computer screen they got in there they took. A shower wash their nether regions right.

Got in the car drove across town fought traffic to sit in your event. So give them a good experience right. I tell them. I tell my students that.

I love all my students my virtual students as well as my in-person students. But. I love my in-person students a little bit more why because you're [ __ ] here because you're [ __ ] here you put in the extra effort no. I'm not saying that you wouldn't be here if you didn't live in [ __ ].

Ontario and some [ __ ] okay. I understand that. But you you you're here you got in the car you came you took. Your time you're not going back and watching the replay because you didn't.

I'm not saying those things. But you took. That extra effort time and energy to come. So to me you're the.

First class passengers. I'm gonna give you the best of everything. I've got to give why because you're [ __ ] here. So if you're asking questions.

I'm gonna answer them if you're watching the video and you're pissed off that people are asking questions why weren't you here right. And you'd be amazed at how many people just go off on that whole idea. But if your customers if your clients if your audience is asking questions they're engaged they're invested right. It's not a lecture anymore it's a communal tribal experience that they don't want to give up yeah that's why even though.

I'm talking about the same subject over and over again you'll see it when you go through this this is the same subject the same copy meetups are different because the energy divided the direction that they go and if you watch most the time we cut it out. But the tenets. First half-hour 15 20 minutes before the meetup actually starts. I'm sitting in front of the room as people filter it and.

I go what do you want learn what do you want to learn what do you want take home. I'm literally finding out where we're going right. I have a generic idea and now the people in the room will tell me specifically what to hit on right. The bigger the groups get the less feasible that is.

So you have to start to extrapolate right. And that's why. I fight tooth and nail to be in as intimate a setting with you as. I can.

So. I can give you what you need as my audiences get bigger and and you know. I'm playing two to three four hundred people in her and it'll happen you guys see what happens it hitting the thoughts already you know. I have 400 people on the webinar actually you too.

I'm sorry. I was doing hi. David webinar the night before and. Then yesterday after.

I did all my patients. I went and. I just did a 90 minute. YouTube live.

I had 405 people in less than 20 minutes all because. I showed up and we talked and we answered questions and we had a ball why because they're why. I'm here you have to create intimacy with your tribe you can't just end up there and be all. I am cool you're here to see me.

I must be special that's the feline approach to living right. You guys understand the difference between feeling the feline philosophy and the dog philosophy okay. So you bring home a puppy right. Puppies all happy and jumpy right.

And you feed the puppy and you pet the puppy and you play with the puppy and you you you do all kinds of things with the puppy take care of all of its needs and it was like wow he hugs me and he plays with me and she holds me and she feeds me she must be. God all right. You buy a kidney you take her home you play with her you cuddler and you groomer and you feed her the cat goes wow she feeds me and hugs me and takes care of all my needs. I must be.

God [Laughter] right. I suggest following the pooch the the doggy analogy is kind of give you a lot more ofin tissa t and approachability with your audience. Then the feline philosophy right. And you'll see it in the industry you'll see people whose [ __ ] don't stink right.

Who are you to talk to me hey [ __ ] that might be the other one you know if it's possible and it's a battle trust me how's your popularity and. I want all of you to be popular in your own way. I don't want you to be carbon copies to me that's terrifying to me right. I'm terrifying enough when.

I look. In the mirror. But. I want you to.

I want you to take what what. I want to share with you and make it yours and create your own tribes. I want you to be successful that way there's only one thing it can only be one person wearing my skin and if you're not me you're getting it wrinkled and. I want it back.

So. But take it make it yours. But. But you know be somebody that your audience can relate to right.

Don't don't think that because people are flocking to see you that it's about you it's not for about you that's the secret when you stuff here's a seriously here's something a lot of people start from stage fright. Are not gonna like when you're suffering from stage fright. It's because you're making the event about you when you care more about making sure your audience has an amazing experience you won't care about you won't think about how afraid you are anymore or whether they like you or not because you'll be focused on something other than yourself. So love your audience come into it with the idea that you want to give them the most amazing satisfying gratifying experience you can in the time you have you're going to take them as far as you can and you're going to point them in the direction for where to go.

Next and give them that chance okay. And your content will tell you and don't be married to your content if we as creators tend to fall in love with the content we create which may or may not have anything to do with this stuff people actually respond to right. So again in. CPI for we'll show you a little bit more the analytical side of this.

But remember that no. Matter what content you're creating you got to know who you're talking to you got to know what problems they have how they talk about their problems and how to fix it you have to demonstrate the fix and give them the opportunity to experience that either vicariously directly and. Then tell them where to go. Next okay.

Does that help yeah okay. All right. Let me go back. I guess we're down to erotica now let's do just for fear real quick because we can write the mudra the mudra for removing fear or for dealing with fear is called a bio mudra and as this is.

Gyan mudra this is vraja mudra this is a bio mudra right. So for most people moocher work is gonna you're gonna have to hold this for about 40 minutes before it starts to work unless you know how to activate the mudras that's what it's going to take now if you're doing a bio mudra and you're starting to run movies in your mind about times in your life when you were courageous that will help accelerate the process that will tune you into the vibration and the principle of that energy okay. You don't need to do that you can just be very mindful and focus on the principle of courage and this will engage. But the position is here okay.

Some people do it this way. But this is the one that. I was taught and this is a very powerful mood. I've been doing this one pretty much for almost ten years it's very its part it's very much a part of my particular yogic red regimen.

I do a lot of mudra yoga to me that's the most practical it goes along with the ninja coogee kiri and stuff that. I practice which again if you come to vibrational influence we'll talk about those things some of you have seems to experience some of the motor work and stuff like that. So if you if you're looking for the mudra that specifically eliminates fear or targets fear and makes you more outgoing more courageous it's a bio mudra you can google it a be a aya. I'll buy out lots of them on.

YouTube okay. Metaphors let's talk about metaphors real quick. Veronica what about metaphors you wanna know about as you were saying that the difference between the storytelling and talking to the conscious to the unconscious until you need to elaborate on that because. I don't understand what you're asking do you want to know the structure of the story okay.

Well. First of all you understand the unconscious mind pays attention to the structure of the metaphor not the content. So when you're using a story to embed a behavior the behaviors you want to prime within the subject have to be the behaviors of the hero period if you're doing isomorphic which everything has a one-to-one metaphor. I'm talking about you know you see as an example.

I'm talking to a female audience. Then the heroine of my story will be in the same age range as my my audience they'll have similar backgrounds right. If. I'm talking to a room of female entrepreneurs and.

I talk about a 45 year old middle middle middle manager and retail who's divorced they'll relate to some aspects and the vast majority. But they'll discount. So we want to make as much of the story as similar to the people's life experience that we're describing as possible okay. That's isomorphic the more they can and it goes to what's that absolutely yeah because the benefit of story work is that it's never perceived as an attempt at persuasion stories are never perceived as an attempt at persuasion and yet they predict it's like it's like oh it's like upgrading your software or operating system in the background around all the other programs and.

Then everything shifts automatically that's how story metaphor work it's never directly perceived as an attempt to persuade and yet it changes attitudes and creates presuppositions and inferences spontaneously even when you even when you are espousing the viewpoint that's contra to the viewpoint expressed in the story the minute you become immersed in the story your attitudes start to change okay. So there's two elements in a story that you have to focus on identification and transport ability the listener must be able to identify with the hero of the story and they must be transported there are six characteristics to transport ability okay. It must be intellectually compelling it must be emotionally compelling it must have it must stimulate visual imagery it must minimize distractibility okay. Yes.

So was it you who said in order for them to change you they have to in order for them to understand the story they have to believe in a change some part of them does is it did used. I don't know if. I said that directly. But in presuppositions the way presuppositions work in order to understand what's being said you have to either vicariously metaphorically or unconsciously go through the process yeah right.

In ericksonian metaphor they're not going to tell you exactly how the change occurred they're not going to give you an explanation of the metaphor and that is exactly wrong in any other context if you're trying to do storytelling in a business world and you don't tell them the take away they're gonna do something else okay. So and that's the problem is people try to take ericksonian work and graft it into business application selling applications and they fall flat on their ass right. That's why when. I created.

CPI - which is all about strategic narrative or neuro linguistic nervous you're an. English declarative strategic metaphor. I had to go outside of every everything that. I had every course that.

I had seen left me wanting it was it just wasn't there wasn't a single course that gave me what. I needed. So. I had just like.

So many other things. I had to create the course. I wanted to go to and we did a. Jo pretty pretty in-depth right.

We covered. I mean we covered everything from the most understanding just the basic structure of story and the persuasion architecture of story we went into themes when two stories for selling stories for leadership stories for connecting and communicating in a social context and. Then we went into what. I call ant ninja stories which is all that stuff with the.

NLP embedded in it right. And how it all fits together it's intense right. But we also showed you the neuroscience behind it and why it's important to do these things. So again the two the two big elements is identification and transportation and again we have whole modules in.

CPI too devoted to that if you've got a mondo package or you. I think some. I think you actually use the secrets of human influence. CPI to is in there use it right.

Everything you're gonna need is very we just taught it we just taught it. Last month actually beginning of this month we've been spouting it on all the message groups for error. I don't know where were you okay. So.

CPI - well you can't get into. CPI - unless you've gotten. CPI one that's. I'm a big stickler on that.

I think we've got a. CPI three coming up in. April. CPI master class will be.

CPI one and three. So that'll be conversational reframe we're going to be doing a little bit of. CPI - three and maybe a tiny bit of four in. Brisbane in.

May 20 2008 thats it. I think that's it for. CPI - for 2020 unless we do a special you know small training or something like that if people come to kill our influence and people want to do a modular - on on story metaphor for killer influence we can do that yeah well again and at. CPI for there's a little bit of story as well.

But the still we're coming at story work from in in that context because it's hypnosis from the stage and from mass influence rather than just interpersonal influence we give you this similar information to some of what we teach in. CPI. But from a very different perspective it's a different understanding of story how how you you build these things into an overall persuasive architecture the structure of your talk all right. So it's very different and the.

CPI too is all about the structure of the story. CPI 4 is about that piece integrated into a much much larger persuasion structure. So when you present it's it gets people salivating to run to the back of the room and sign up for your product or service. So they're very different although they're they overlap right.

If you write sells copy of any kind you should be should have. CPI 2 and. CPI 3 under your belt because. CPI 3 allows you to have at least 14 or more answers for any objection that you can encounter.

So when you're writing your sales copy and you're stepping into the mindset of in the position of your client and you're coming up with all the objections that they're going to have or that they could come up with instantaneously you have at least 14 ways to respond to every single objection and if you build the reject objection and the answer to the objection into your sales copy you neutralize that objection before they ever a chance to have what you have a chance to have it yeah right. So ticket takes a little bit of thinking. But these are the bullets that you can just recycle and combine over and over again and. Then you can create stories based on the reframes and integrate those reframes into the stories.

So it's very modular. But it also has a synergistic effect to it right. But nothing nothing matters if you don't have. CPI 1 there's two ways to get.

CPI 1 you the ticular influence which is coming up when's it days for killer influence. TJ we have one in. January. I can you pull up the pull up the dates for that.

So we have killer influence coming in. Jeff for those who want to start on that track if not that's fine right. We have quite a few. CPI's coming up.

CPI ones and killer influences. So it's a great place to start and for many years that was all anybody ever needed. I just got bored. I.

I still do the vast majority of my influence with. CPI 1. But. I wanted.

I wanted to understand in a strategic concrete reliable way how to do and build stories and metaphors how to use them why they work how they work when to use certain types of stories or kinds of stories. I wanted to understand the whole sleight of mouth stuff better. I wanted to be able to understand it. So that.

I could teach it and do it and okay. So. January for those who want to do that and if we have if we do an evening session maybe we'll do a modular two on either reframing or one of the modules from from. CPI to as an extra thing.

But as a rule right. Now you can do. CPI one you can do killer infants or you can do. CPI three because that's all we've got for 2020 all right.

Unless. I get like 20 people that want to do. CPI 2 again and. Then.

I'll have to make sure. I'm not divorced to schedule it. But there's six element. But.

I just hear three in intellectual no. No. No. Not a.

Mishra with the. Oratory well. I'm glad you asked. I'm on a.

Second resource file why it would small what why it would small. I answer a question she needs to go back and look. At her comments identification and transport ability six characteristics of transport ability this is the. CPI to manual.

So as you can see it's it's not small you're there. First and foremost cognitive attention how much attention to the subject paying to the story was a subject mentally involved in the narrative all experiencing is to emotional involvement how emotionally engrossed and connected is the subject to the story are they feeling the emotions of the subject or responding emotionally to the events within the story they have these elements have to be there okay. And if you're not expressing them they're not expressing those okay. State of suspense how badly does the subject want to find out what happens.

Next or how the story ends right. Building response potential you need to concentrated focus attention to what degree is the subject. So focused on the events occurring within the story that they become unaware of everything else okay. Finally mental imagery do they vividly picture the events of the story in their mind as they unfold okay.

Pretty concrete isn't it right. So now when you start to create a story you can evaluate the story based on those five things and you can and if you do focus groups yeah. Then you can actually tell your story to the focus group give them a questionnaire and have them rate the power of the story and. Then you can fine-tune your story before you present it to the audience that actually matters right.

Strategic tactical right. Not what. I was taught right. And.

Then that's a tiny piece it's one module one piece of one module of a six module course. So it's you know paw report. Joe was like trying to gnaw his arm off to get out right. Questions for our folks at home okay.

[Music] well we'll give you guys a brain break let's take let's take a seven-minute break we'll come back and look. At some erotic hypnosis stuff or you could stay. I'm not going to make you stay well look. At the men having fun.

First and. Then we'll look. At the ladies unless you don't want to. I mean.

I can always. I can always just keep talking about like image cycling or some [ __ ].
