Title: sAf1suCwTzU.txt
Video Id: sAf1suCwTzU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAf1suCwTzU

For for for hello everyone welcome to my super surprise live stream it's uh 5:32 a bunch of you guys are still at work. I thought. I would get on and uh see how everybody's doing maybe catch you on your drive time hopefully nobody's gonna get an accident with him uh. VI says.

David. I have heard your videos there's lahy hey lahy how are you all right. Well. I don't know how much how long.

I'll be on. But. I just wanted to pop on and say hi and see how everybody's doing did you like the video. I posted on my on uh.

Sunday you guys get a chance to watch it here's. Chris. Chris says hello. I need glasses like those.

I've gone rather attached to them um they're kind of like an ongoing fashion accessory now they just keep my eyes. From getting burned out by all the screens. I'm constantly staring at they make good sunglasses and they're even good for driving at night into oncoming traffic. So.

Adas says thanks you're welcome. So you guys got any questions anything you'd like to ask me while we have a few minutes together. But seems awful quiet today aie says. I saw you doing some martial arts stuff that looks cool are you doing martial arts classes again.

I'm think about it lah um my body's kind of moving back to in the. Marshall. Direction. So it may be something that um.

I do every. October. I start doing martial arts stuff. Anyway just because.

I have the secrets of internal power training coming up that. I is the one time of year that. I actually practice self-defense in martial arts. So um.

But people always ask me if. I want to keep doing it afterwards. I might uh let's see here uh you help me get out of rumination and self judgment about my breakup grieving of toxic ex. Finally entered acceptance any advice keep going you know move forward move towards the things that you want move towards the the life of your dreams and don't let anybody get in the way of that don't don't sell yourself outc for some to to buy into somebody else's dream you know it's very easy for us to think to look.

To other people to complete us right. To to buy into that whole. Jerry. Maguire thing nobody's going to complete you right.

If you're not content as a solo act you're not going to be super content uh relying on somebody else to provide to to supply those needs. So my my advice is always be build your life as if you were going to live it the entire life as a solo act and making it as happy and thrilling and satisfying as humanly possible and in that process you will pull somebody into your life that shares the those same qualities and you'll develop a partnership and uh a relationship that is built on uh a less than codependent. Dynamic. I guess is a good way to say it okay.

Um. So. I hope that helps um. Chris is saying uh.

I've been consuming many of your videos and applying your methods and they work well thank you. Chris. I'm glad that uh. I'm glad that you're seeing some benefits from it and the thing is and.

I don't know how long you've been. B bopping around. Planet. David.

But the truth of the matter is is. I. I have very very little patience for low percentage technique. I don't waste my time.

I don't have the time in my life for things that give me a less than 80 or 90% result every time. I do them um and. I don't pass those things on uh to my subscribers or my students or or my followers if. I hate to use that word followers because.

I don't consider you guys to be followers. I consider you guys to be leaders in your own lives and you're just looking for ways to to build that. So to speak right. I'm all about leadership.

But leadership has to start with the self it has to start with who we are as people and building our own sense of identity and purpose and knowing what we want and moving towards that no. Matter what. So uh. AP is saying.

I ended the relationship too which was the weird part still grieve no. More self- judgment still think about her every day well that's normal you know we're always running you know especially when there are things that are unresolved in a relationship it's a tendency for us to ruminate on them over and over and over again most of the time all we really need to do is vent the emotional charge and and uh repattern that process and we get over that pretty quick uh. Jules pflax is saying this is my. First live catching you thank you this is.

So cool. I'm glad. I'm glad you're here um. Ian.

Kane mcarter says. Dr. Dave heart heart heart heart heart heart back my brother um. Michael mlen.

Jr. I relased realized. I cannot make any money as someone else's employee that is very often true um. I have always.

I discovered a long time ago that. I'm basically temperamentally and perhaps behaviorally and genetically unemployable uh. I really can't stay working for somebody else for any long period of time and. So in order for me to be successful uh.

I have to be the captain of my own ship and. I think that's true for a lot of people now some people are cut out for that some people or not you have to figure out what it is you need to learn and who it is you need to become to move that needle. So uh let's see here. So words create world is asking me what do you think of.

Patrice. O'Neal well to be quite honest at the risk of embarrassing myself. I don't think anything of. Patrice.

O'Neal because up until this moment. I have never heard of. Patrice. O'Neal.

So if you can give me a little bit more background. I might be able to give you a little bit more uh elucidation on that. Keith. Vana saying.

Thomas in. Arkansas. Hey. Thomas uh vid says.

So true lah says people need the. Magic. Touch. Point.

PowerPoint martial art. David you are a master as having seen other things like your. Martial. Arts is unique you are thank you.

L. I really appreciate all those wonderful kind words um and. I. I do my best you know.

I. I. I. I've always believed in two things to help people eliminate as much suffering as humanly possible starting with uh and to show people what's possible and.

I have found that people only believe what they see ultimately uh at least to the point where they'll actually take action on it and. So. I try very much to lead by example by demonstrating the skill sets and the abilities and the um. Technologies.

I guess that we've become pretty famous for in. Planet. David. But nothing.

I do hap nothing. I do or that you see in. Planet. David it is because.

I'm special it's just because. I train. I train and. I practice and.

So there and anybody any of you who apply the information in the videos and you train and you practice can do all the things. I do probably better in in some cases or more right. Uh everything we we teach is learnable none of us are special in the sense that uh there's a a seal of the. Divine on our forehead that says.

I can do something better than anybody else um that we all have that seal we just got to work for work to activate it. So. But thank you for the kind words. I appreciate that um.

Vidia says the best things are given free for us. So generous well they're only free on the surface um if you really want to get good at it you're going to have to invest time energy and effort into the trainings everything like like. I just got finished saying uh in my response to lahti everything in. Planet.

David is a skill set we try to shorten the learning curve and the the time energy investment as much as possible. But at the end of the day they are skill sets and you will reap what you sow. So by all means the more you invest in yourself time energy effort practice doing the drills getting the skills the more those benef those those things are going to come back to you uh let's see here. Matt says that saying how can.

I tell if my teacher coach knows what they're doing what should. I look. For. Matt.

First and foremost what kind of lifestyle is the is the teacher or the coach that you're you're seeking to learn from living. I mean if you're going to a wealth coach and these people are driving a you know the equivalent of a. Ford. Pinto or something like that and they're probably not the right.

People giving you. Financial advice you know um. I think at the end of the day the only metric that truly matters is results are these when you apply the advice that these coaches give you does it work right. How many other coaches how many other clients of this coach are successful and how can you verify that you know there's.

So many you know. I. I avoided the term coach for many many years um because most of the coaches. I knew were broke right.

I never considered myself a coach although. I. I do coaching now in that perspec. I always considered myself a therapist or a teacher or a trainer not.

So much a coach. So. I'm always leer of things like consultants and coach and those kinds of titles right. At the end of the day when they give you something to do and you do it and you apply it does it get you the result you're looking for that's the metric that should be mattering right.

Is the person you're going to for advice and you're evaluating them how many students have they coached who are getting the kind of results you want and are that is that coach living the lifestyle you want to emulate if the answer to any of those is no. Find another coach um. Chris is saying hold on a. Second oh a bunch of people retracted their messages not sure what's going on there uh.

So. Jules is asking. New. York love.

Vibe alive current wol flow okay. That was a pretty random that was a pretty random statement. Jules words create world says. I.

I noticed you talking about helping people heal from childhood traumatic experiences like being raped. I'm curious what does it look. Like taking someone through that. I'm sure there's fragmentation okay.

So. First of all when you say what does that look. Like. I don't know what that means and when you talk about fragmentation that's another.

J uh another term that. I need you to elaborate on what specifically are you talking about uh. I saw somebody paid to have a question. I'm okay.

Here we go. I'm a type a work 10 hours a day always on trying to learn to relax walk hot bath candles hypnosis any other ideas for super type. A like me um yes. But it's going to sound weird um have more sex that'll help um.

I know it sounds kind of trite. But um. I found that a lot of times uh having a good healthy sex life is a good way for typas to uh to relax um the other thing. I would recommend that you do is find a physical activity that um allows you to kind of.

Express. Yourself type. A tend to be a little bit more on the competitive side and sometimes trying to relax is the opposite way to go sometimes you have to actually exert yourself to the point where you have to relax and and and and and vent that energy in a positive way um there's lots of. I mean if you're doing walks you're doing hot candles bass hypnosis those are the things that we would normally recommend.

But sometimes people who do tension have problem going into relaxation. So what you have to do is you have to actually push them even further into tension fact um. I just did a uh a regression class uh two weeks ago and. I had one lady who had come to me through a classical hypnosis training and we brought her up to do a.

Dem ation and. I had there's this part in the. Rel in the uh induction where we do an arm drop and you test how relaxed they are by how the arm drop well every time. I picked our arm.

Drop. It just stayed there right. And and the more. I tried to get it to drop the stiffer it got and in those cases what you have to do is you actually have to take them the opposite way you have to take them as far into tension as you can and once they're at the extreme levels of tension now it's easy for them to drop the stress.

So in someone with a type a kind of a dynamic a lot of times trying to get them to relax just by getting them to relax isn't going to work you have to push them even further into competitiveness to the point where they' they've maxed out and. Then let them relax. So if you can do that in a fun way uh. I think you'll find that it'll it'll make the other things easier for you to access.

So. I hope that helps um there's other things that. I could suggest. But they would involve more of a therapeutic approach uh and that would presuppose that the reason you're a type.

A is because of some [ __ ] you need to clear and some people some people are that way and some people are not um. Henry's asking. Henry. Garcia's asking um what are your top five books on.

NLP um probably the older ones uh any anything by. John o'conor. I really like um timeline therapy in the basis of personality by. Dr.

Tad. James is excellent um unlimited selling. Power by. Donald.

MO is a good one that if you're if you're if you're focused on utilizing. NLP style language patterns. So. I would go with the structure of magic volumes one and two um.

I would go with patterns one and two by grer and bindler. I would go into um all the books by. Don by. John oconor and.

Then uh. I would look. At uh timeline therapy in the basis of. Personality.

I've probably used timeline therapy in the basis of. Personality more than any other of those books um. So there's just a lot of really good there's nothing that's like hypnotically linguistic in there they're all just based on your time filters and things like that meta programs which. I find really useful as well.

So those would be the my top picks based on my understanding of vintage. NLP style books there's probably better ones out there um. But those are the ones. I'm familiar with um.

Chris says can you share a success story. Susan. Ralph says lead follow or get out of the way yay um lah says we need to belt and buckle ourselves up on our own yep. I think that's true.

I think that's true uh one of the things. I learned in my. Systema training was you have to operate as if nobody's coming to save you and in those moments you either curl up into a little ball or die or you get real creative ative and real aggressive and sometimes we need to be aggressive in order to get the level of assertiveness and relentlessness necessary to take action in the in the real world. I'm not a big fan of aggression.

But if it's all we got. Then that's what we use um okay. Uh let's see here words create world says you've directed me to courses such as identity bu design and real world aggression to heal from being raped at 5 years old. Satanic rituals and demonic entities can you please talk more about that sure can you give me more specific questions uh here's here's the way amas work guys uh whether they're um you know impromptu or scheduled or whatever the more specific and clear the question the more clear and specific the answer.

I could talk about all different aspects of trauma resolution and healing and things of that nature. But if you don't give me a really clear question. I don't know how to direct that information for you right. Uh.

Mastermind money says that love your videos thank you. So much. Keith. Van says got me off arthritis and nerve pain medication color breathing plus doc excellent uh let's see here okay.

So uh. I. I answered the typ a question. So.

I hope that. I hope that gets through uh. Jules is from. New.

York appreciate your time thanks sorry for typos. Susan says. Susan. Ralph says you tell two tidbits true tidbits of information that burns off the fake lies we were told before to me that is the real deal well thank you.

Susan. I. I. I try to be a no.

BS kind of guy you know uh. I don't think you know my. I. I.

I don't have a lot of time for [ __ ] or or things that don't work or you know promises in in the clouds and. I truly believe that uh the people who are members of this channel don't have that patience either right. Um and. So.

I do my best to deliver you stuff that you can just take out into the world and just use and get a result and. Then move forward right. And. Then when you're ready for higher level of training you know where to go right.

That's kind of how it is right. And it's it's very easy to promise a lot on the internet and not deliver. I always try to deliver. First and.

Then say hey if you want the. Next step or level up this is where you need to go. Chris is saying. I have a friend.

I'm catching feelings for how do. I go about this properly. I've known her for a couple of years now and notice these feelings pop up recently can you tell if those feelings are reciprocated right. It may be it may be in your best interest to just take the direct approach and see where that goes.

You may be surprised okay. Uh. Susan. Ralph says when you speak on what human nature is like in proven terms that gives the traction we need for reality in the future well thank you for that.

LeAndre. Williams are you planning to teach your erotic hypnosis class again oh that's a good question you know what's interesting is that a um in the past two three weeks the the whole eroticism sexuality sexual energetics topics have been coming up quite a bit and it wasn't something that. I ever really intended on teaching a whole lot to the general public um. But if there's again uh one of the reasons.

I moved away from those topics is because um you never know who you're going to get in the trainings uh and. So. I have to make sure that if. I'm going to teach those topics that people feel men and women and especially the women feel safe enough in that environment to come and explore those topics right.

Um and. So the only place. I tend to even uh give people access to that information is in my. Advanced.

Mega level coaching program because. I basically know you the other time. I do it on occasion is uh when. I go to the.

Hypno. Thoughts live hypnosis convention in. Las. Vegas every few years.

I. I'll get enough requests for people to want to uh train in neurotic hypnosis and. I'll do it there because because. I will actually get a decent sized co-ed audience um and.

I always pick on the men and make them look. Goofy. First. So just be prepared for that uh.

But if there's enough interest in people write in and and and are actually willing to show up for the trainings uh. I'm not against teaching it it's just not my favorite topic to teach just because of all the headaches and the logistical stuff that go into making sure that everybody's safe there's enough cameras that nothing and any any any weirdness that people think is happening um we can either prove or disprove and stuff like that. So um. So the answer is a definite maybe.

But it's not on my top 10 if that's if that gives you any kind of a hint. But if there like. I said if that's what you guys as a collective want to know about. Then.

I'm. I'm open to the possibility of of allowing you guys to to participate in that okay. Um. AP says wow this is the answer.

I needed thank you my pleasure. Susan. Ralph says. I have idea for matchmaking hit me up.

I would it would be fail safe okay. Uh. Norma for type a breathing exercises in gym okay. Matthew veto says when it comes to.

Echo technique what to do when people only respond with yeah. I would say yeah and when you think about it like that. I'm curious how about this. So.

I always lead with the again follow the master. Echo formula ask your question validate the response or validate um. Echo the ask your question pay attention to the answer validate their response. Echo their words ask another question even if they only give you yeah right.

The fact that you're repeating the yeah and. Then going on will guide them through the will steer them through the conversation whatever they give you is always enough. But don't be afraid to ask questions or make statements or comments and see how they respond. Echo those valid pay attention.

Echo validate ask again right. It's it's that simple um. Keith says. I communicate better in nuro.

Wizard mode than everyday communication okay. I don't know what that means. But we'll we'll go with that um. Keith says an ounce of.

Truth is better than a ton of. BS well thank you for that. I think. So too um there's.

So many qu all of a sudden there's a whole bunch of questions here. I got to get to hold on a. Second just bear with me guys um. AP says do you use pherone colognes or have you in the past as in uh yes.

I have as a matter of fact. I've experimented very very uh heavily with different types of pheromone colognes and things of that nature um. I never really used them in the. Darth.

Snider days um because at that time a lot of the pheromone based colognes were sketchy at best um when. I was going more into advanced conversational hypnosis and appli ations involving behavioral modification and therapeutic work accelerated learning things of that nature. I became much more interested and focused on the applied application of pheromones as a way to enhance neuroplasticity and specifically there um most most pheromone companies out there. Focus primarily on uh putting out hormones or phermones that are sexual attractants.

But that wasn't my. FOC. Focus um when. I was using pheromone work when.

I was doing ferone work uh a lot. I found one company that had it right. And they were they were actually putting out an oxytocin based cologne that would amplify feelings of connection and uh relieve social anxiety and things of that nature and. So.

I started using that particular brand very very heavily uh as an adjunct to helping people become better presenters becoming more socially relaxed and for creating higher levels of neuroplasticity in the brain uh through the application of oxytocin as a pheromone um. So that's kind of the the the sum total of my experience using pheromones um. I didn't spend a lot of time uh on the attractant side of it. I was much more interested in researching the connection and uh bonding applica and neuroplasticity applications of phermones specifically oxytocin which is why that's what you'll hear me talk about most often is is oxytocin and oxytocin loading uh lot is asking yes.

Competitive fun yes. I care about who you need to relax there stu okay. Words create words fragmentation meaning you may not gather every bit of what was traumatic from. The.

Experience what does that look. Like meaning from your perspective what do you see them go through okay. So when we're looking at traumatic experiences people are going to encode that information using they all use the same mechanism. But they encode different things.

So one of the things that we notice with with high levels of trauma is that the moment of greatest trauma is rarely is rarely encoded. So as the as a level of neurological res level goes up when you reach about a nine out of 10 the system kind of blips off kind of like when your your hard drive spontaneously or your your operating system spontaneously reboots and in that moment the brain creates a file an imperfect file of all the the memories and thoughts and feelings and emotions going on at that time and it kind of stores it in the body um sometimes there's that information is stored in one place sometimes it's like a. Cloud. Server where that information is encoded and.

Then distributed throughout the body like a. Cloud. Server is and. So the processes that we use are designed to.

Target the the main body the main encoding of it. But also to deuss the system of all those little fractal fragments and stuff like that that are lodged throughout all three bodies. So we don't we usually get pretty big resolution uh and we don't stop until we've gotten complete resolution um the only time that changes is when the person isn't ready or willing to let go of of the event uh in which case there's a lot more work that needs to be done before they're they they're ready to. Finally let go of it a lot of times it's it's getting them to accept that the event actually happened in the.

First place there's this part of them that's still refusing to accept that the event happened um. Then there's the problem of if once they've accepted that it's happened. Then um giving them the sense of justice and moving them towards a level of forgiveness where they can let it go. So there's a lot of different processes in that that can go into trauma resolution um.

But by and large we we get people pretty clear pretty quick uh in terms of fragmentation. I don't. I don't really understand that other than as a fractal holographic dissemination of the same data throughout the system which color breathing tends to resolve very very profoundly um cross contextually if not one of the other techniques of the transformational trial will usually come in flip the switch we need to switch to flip and. Then the the traumas will resolve.

So um digit digital. Dena says. Hi. I really need help with self-compassion.

I'm not able to handle critique or realization that. I need to change well okay. So the. First question to ask yourself is how young were how long when's the.

First time you remember feeling that way and who was it with and who taught you how to feel that way and there's a place in your body where the feelings connected to that memory are stored unpack those transform them and. I think you'll find that your attitudes towards external correction or external critiquing will start to shift um generally speaking whenever we receive stimulation or provocation from the external environment it's only. Avail it's only possible because of something that's unresolved inside of us that almost 99% of the time um tracks back to an very very early childhood experience and the moment you you start to resolve those things at that level. Then the external triggers have less and less effect um digital.

Dena says. I use emotional clearing videos gry room trauma box water bottle charging videos they've incredibly helpful. I've learned that instead of philosophizing how you feel is better to work yes. More often than not.

U when people have a body feeling connected to a memory that they can't resolve they try to think about it they try to cognitively deal with it and that's going you that usually winds up putting you on the treadmill of recursive thoughts and spiraling off into all these related thoughts whereas if you want the direct approach follow the body feeling to the source of the event vent the emotional charge reprocess the experience and dissolve it from the body and it's gone right. But if you try to cognitively rationally um try to process that out it rarely results in anything other than being on a tread a treadmill or a hamster wheel. Jules pipx is came across why does he do that help with a problematic partnership. Dr.

Wayne. Dyer very nice stuff very aggressive very nice stuff aggressive advice uh can you can you elaborate on that a little bit more. Jules um. Jules like advice on how to affect aggression in positive ways well when you look.

At aggression and aggression is just an extreme form of assertiveness how can you channel that energy into a positive steps that you can can take that don't involve injuring somebody mentally physically or emotionally right. What actions can you take that allow you to maintain your boundaries without causing damage or harm intentional harm to another human being right. Physically mentally emotionally now sometimes um it's not possible to um to protect your boundaries and not hurt somebody's feelings and sometimes that's okay. You know feelings heal right.

Um at the end of the day it's all about your boundaries right. Um. I find that anything that allows you to learn how to channel aggressive energies is going to help you on a day-to-day basis. So.

I recommend any form of martial arts that'll that puts you in situations where you have to to bring up those energies and actually use them right. Um. But usually what when we start talking about aggression we're talking about extreme assertiveness right. But you have to and.

I'm not advocating violence in any stretch to the imagination. But if if if in order for us to take a positive action we have to get angry to do it or have that aggressive. Go. Fort hunger energy to do it.

Then. I support that as long as it's channeled in constructive ways right. So. Do no.

Harm shall be the whole of w right. Um. Heather laas hey. I just found you love your channel can you talk about magic and how you how you link it with.

NLP and other psychological training i c. Heather. I could talk at length. I could talk at nauseum about that.

But if you can give me a more precise more directed question. I can give you a more precise better answer trusty is saying can you use spirituality as a reference for. NLP practices 100% in fact um. NLP has become one of my primary tools for exploring and.

Distilling magical and spiritual practices um. I would say that if you're going to really if you really want to get to the truth of those disciplines you actually need good training in. NLP from someone who understands both sides of that equation. So you can learn how to see the world through the eyes.

Of process and structure um and understand the fundamental building blocks of the three bodies and how your mind and the systems that. NLP has um brought out into the public in the. Last 30 or 40 years are applied in mystical and spiritual pract and magical and spiritual practices um it has allowed me and and my students the ones that that come into our. Inner.

Circle it has allowed them to literally walk into advanced energetics trainings brand new off the street and not only keep up. But flourish in those environments um. So we have it's all very pragmatic right. And.

So. I think. NLP is is is an. Undiscovered tool in many ways for the study of magical and spiritual practices and.

I'm a big big proponent of using the integration of all of those things together. Jesse. B saying how can. I be super magnetic well.

Jesse there's a lot of ways you can be super magnetic. But that depends on the subject the environment and the context. So if you can give me answers to those questions. I might be able to give you a little bit better uh path to follow um and once again this is this is an important thing for you guys especially this is your.

First. AMA with me um remember that the more clearly uh and specific the question is the more of a specific direct answer. I can give you the bigger the question a lot of the things asking about are these massive gargantuan oceans of topic give me a specific question. I can give you a very targeted answer right.

I'm not here to to to aisc things or or to play the the vagaries game. I want to give you guys uh the straight the. Straight. Dope as much as.

I can um. But a lot of that is based on the questions that you ask um see here. So. L is saying.

I'm on the same wavelength hold on a. Second it just jumped okay. Body saying. I'm on the save wavelength that's a loved one and they are seeing hallucinations.

So. I get to see similar things. So. I worry if.

I am seeing something evil will it get go into a loved one's mind the only way something malevolent can get into a loved one's mind is if there's. Darkness there already that it can follow in and feed off of. So the more you both clear up your internal darknesses the less of a food source you become right. Uh.

Norma the water exercise in a recorded. Workshop people held a bottle of water and did the rapid picturing manifestation ex. I did the exercise and my water was freezing is that normal it can be yes. Um that happens for me.

A lot of times when. I'm holding a bottle of like. I have two bottles of water at room temperature and. I'll hold one and as.

I'm cycling through it all of a sudden it'll get really really cold right. And that's what we call one of the eight energetic touches um it's it's and it shows you that something is absolutely happening you're affecting matter in an interesting way okay. Thomas. Williams is saying when you do the spinning technique is it normal for the pain to go away days after you do it it can.

I wouldn't say it's normal. But it has happened um. I've had people have delayed effects on spinning like. I had a.

I had a workshop once where. I. I did spinning exercise as a group and. I went around to everybody and there was this one person who was looking for the change and they were.

Then when. I got to them and asked them what would happen. So. I still feel it and.

Then when. I moved past them and. I started asking the people. Next to them uh what they were feeling the moment her attention was off herself about five or 10 seconds after.

I started asking other people go oh my. God it's gone right. Because a lot of times if we start looking for the change we block the change and that's why a lot of times when. I'm doing spinning you'll hear me say there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster it's to remind you that what's happening in your neurology is not being triggered by your conscious mind. But the conscious mind superpowers your ability to kind of interfere press the pause button on an unconscious process for a short period of time. So the best thing you can do is just spin it slam it and go back let it let let the program install and go about your business okay. Um.

Nico uh how would you approach someone who has chronic coughing without any other symptom same way. I'd approach anything else point to where you feel it is it okay. To change it. Then.

I'd frame it spin it and color breath it and see where that takes us lah says erotic and that. General martial art are quite. United yes. Okay.

Heather is saying also is there a best way to deal with people who stay backhanded compliments want to hang out with you a lot. But. Then put you down um yes. Stop hanging out with them if people are giving you backhanded compliments it's because that there's something in them that sees you as uh other than them and what.

I mean by that is sometimes those backhanded compliments are forms of. Envy other times they're forms of making them s feel better uh at the expense of somebody else and that's a form of bullying. So before. I.

I there's a there's a mantra or a little rule of thumb that. I recommend to all of my influence and persuasion students and it goes like this when you're dealing with a human being and they say or do something that triggers you it is always better to. First seek to understand before you react. So you can choose how to respond what.

I mean by that is when people do things we have this instant emotional response to it that is not a resp response that is a reaction those reactions are almost always based on previous history the person in front of you isn't the problem they've triggered something that was installed in you in the past and that's what you're responding to they're just in the way. So when you somebody says or does something that triggers you the. First thing you do need to do is you need to mentally and physically step back and you have to step back emotionally and you have to seek clarification and the way you do that you say. Hey look.

You said this and. I interpreted it this way is that what you meant if the answer is no. You've just gone from reaction to response. So now you've given them something we rarely give people the opportunity to explain where they were truly coming from without putting them on a defensive right.

If you just jump immediately to that emotional response that knee-jerk reaction that you have you're almost always going to trigger defensiveness in the other person and it's going to snow it's going to snowball. So it's going to take a little bit of practice. But the moment somebody says or does something that triggers you mentally physically emotionally step back ask for clarification about what just happened explain how you interpreted what they just said or did and ask them if that was their intention or what they actually intended behind that physical verbal or emotional response you might very often you'll be surprised how quickly you diffuse uh misunderstandings and miscommunications it happens. So often uh.

Jules is saying the lunar energy was erotic for sure safety is huge yes. Chainsaw didn't think. I'd catch you at the park tonight nice surprise thanks for being here. I'm always.

I always learn something well thank you chainsaw good to see you again brother. Nolan. David can you talk about seeing the same numbers over and over again and. Universal synchronicities yes.

I can talk about those what specifically would you like me to talk about you guys notice the recurring theme. Here with the the kinds of questions or the the the level at which you're asking these questions right. Uh. Sagar is asking can a person still manifest things with image cycling uh.

I've already answered this question the answer is yes. I don't think there whether they have an arm or not has anything to do with their ability to manifest at all okay. It's all about what you do not how you what you do it with. Keith.

Van nuro wizard mode is find issues to solve the getting rid of it okay. Then getting rid of it fair poet 81 love the leopard print. Dr. David evening everyone from.

Austin hey. Austin. Austin's in the house baby um. Matthew wait pheromones actually work yes.

They. Unfortunately they have a very short halflife. So you have to you have to know which companies you're dealing with and you have to understand the context in which they're useful um. But like.

I said before um my my deepest level of experimentation was in the use of oxytocin as a pheromone rather than sexual attractant as a phon. I was. I was more focused on accelerating learning and social relaxation and. Trust uh than.

I was in generating sexual romantic attraction um pullover is just giving me eyes. Ashes as giving me a hay sign um see here. So words create worlds thank you. So much.

Dr dve what prevents these victims with intense traumas from. Letting. Go besides not accepting it happened and how do you help them get through that and accepting it happen the biggest thing is that they want. Justice there's a part of them that is.

So overcome with rage and blame um that they can't let go they can't actually access the the recording itself because they're. So they're. So overwhelmed by the emotional charge and. So depending on how the person is responding to the recording they've made of the experience will determine how we approach that in any in any event you have to get them to vent the energetic emotional charge connected to the memories and.

Then help them process those memories in whatever way that they're willing to do that what happens a lot of times is that in in therapeutic circles there's a there's a lot of use of the fword the. FW being forgiveness the problem that you have with the the fword is that most people aren't willing to forgive a lot of people aren't willing to forgive they don't understand forgiveness from an alchemical perspective as to what it really is um and they think that just saying the words is equivalent to the action and it isn't um they have a very very skewed understanding of what forgiveness means much less how to go about it and many people even if they understand the process of forgiveness they can't let themselves forgive until they've gotten some form of justice and that's where that's where the rubber really hits the road you have to get them to acknowledge and. Then accept from accept you need to get them to the point where they realize it wasn't personal and that the scales have been balanced in some way and more often than not if you can get them through those stages. Then getting them to forgiveness um is usually fairly easy they you don't need all you don't always need to get to forgiveness to get healing sometimes the subjective experience of justice is enough and and and the understanding of what forgiveness truly means and entails will allow them to have that shift in perspective that allows them to let those experiences go right.

But you can't force that on somebody you have to you have to take them through the process at the rate and speed that they're willing to go there and uh and you have to do it in whatever linear or nonlinear way works best for the client our processes are pretty streamlined and they're very flexible. So when someone comes in with something it's very rare that um we can't get them completely through it right. And the only times. I've seen that happen is when the person is.

So still. So filled with rage and blame and a lot of it is self-blame they blame themselves for choosing for getting themselves in that situation to begin with and. So there's a lot of we got to get we got to get people to stop playing the blame game because there's this underlying program that a lot of us have and. I think a lot of it is because of the the fault of the legal system whereas if if you have somebody who has proven to be the at fault for something it's their responsibility to fix it unfortunately that only works in the legal system when they're being sued when somebody perpetrates an injury on you they may be legally required to make you whole.

But they can't it's physically impossible for them to make you whole or restore you the only person who can restore you is you. But as long as you're playing the blame game you will not allow those things to be let go because there's an underlying desire in you for the other person to make it right. And that's one of the big hurdles that a lot of of trauma victims um are is keeping them stuck they don't realize it because they're waiting for that bad guy that evil person to make it right. Um and it doesn't happen it can't happen um and one of the reasons is because the perpetrator even if it was a.

Serial offender like you know like let's say you grew up in a household where a parent or a spouse or a sibling or a relative was consistently abusing or molesting you each of those moments was a discret moment in time it's an individual event that was recorded by the individual being perpetrated against. But the moment that that recording is made that recording is installed at the. Deep neurology at the. Deep.

Mind level like a video on an endless loop and. So while the abuse may have happened once in actual real physical time. Inside the. Mind of the person it happened to that event is happening over and over and over again.

So the person if if we're talking in the context of a rape for example which. I don't it's a kind of a bummer subject. But that person's actually raping themselves right. If the rape happened when they were five and they're 35 years old and they're still carrying that around they've been raping themselves for 30 years without realizing right.

Because there's two big delusions that human beings labor under and if we can just get these these two delusions kind of ironed out and by the way we're talking about this in the context of trumpa. But it's in the context of everything human beings labor under two great delusions one is that their memories are real that they are in fact the events that happen to them and they are not at their very best there are imperfect recordings of something that happened once you are not the way you are because of the things that happened to you you are the way you are because of the way you recorded the things that happened to you and the way you've been relating to those recordings. But the recordings themselves are not the event that happened. But our brain doesn't doesn't unless somebody comes along like me wears cool shirts and says hey this is how it is our brains don't usually make that distinction every time something in the external environment is similar to that movie that movie comes up to to conscious awareness we try to stuff it down wash rinse repeat and we we blame that person in that event when in actuality it's the recording we made of it that's doing all the damage and.

So we need to really understand that that the recordings are the problem not the events themselves the other part of that is that you believe or and. I'm using the editorial you in this in this context humans as a rule move through the world believing that their memories are their identity that you are your memories and they aren't they're just pictures they're snapshots of things that happen to you that you're carrying around in your little uh energetic photo albums and accessing them from time to time they are not who you are it's like that's like saying that your. DVD collection or your your. Netflix account on your computer on your on your uh on your television is the sum total of your life experience or or who you are as a person it's just not true okay.

Who you are at your core is is light it's a soul it's a pure being and all these identities and personalities and and memories that you've accumulated are exactly that they're things you've accumulated. But they're not you they're not who you truly are and you certainly don't need them right. Beyond a certain context right. And that's a hard that's a hard concept for many of us to experientially uh accept unless you happen to spend 20 years in a room with people unpacking this [ __ ] and watching the magic happen right.

Um and this is what you know. I talked earlier about how. NLP is a massively powerful tool for exploring magic and spirituality and and how the universe and the mind and the nervous system create realities. I that's is this is part of my my journey right.

Um. So if we can get past those big delusions. Then everything that we're carrying around is eminently fixable because you're not broken to begin with. So.

I hope that. I hope that helps people um. So. Jules is asking what about past life therapy have you tried anything within this concept about 1% of my clients will spontaneously regress to a past life or a life between lives right.

It's it's very it's not uncommon at all. I don't go looking for past lives. But if they come up we deal with them and we deal with them the same way because all of your memories from one body to the. Next from one genetic line to the.

Next are all built the same way from the same stuff doesn't matter when they were built what matters is how they were built and since you build them all the same way you fix them all the same way it's really cool on that level uh words create worlds that's exactly the answers. I've been looking for and very well explained thank you. So much you've mentioned color breathing is it possible to explain that to clear this cloud or data stored on the body absolutely 100% start with the the transformational. Triad and.

Then uh when you're ready get a copy of identity by. Design and. Then real world trauma resolution and you will know everything that you need to know to color breathe anything you want at any level that you want those are the the two. Bread andb.

Butter courses if you want to understand the full dynamics of it um let's see here jeules. Bruce. Lee worded it like be like water thank thank you for every word you're welcome um are you familiar with core transformation books by. Connie.

Ray. Andreas. I was familiar with them 30 years ago uh. I haven't.

I'd have to go back and review it now uh there was a lot of things. I liked about the books. I especially like the some of the wordings that they use and and their turns of phrases and stuff like that. But that's all.

I really recall from the core transformation process off the top of my head um off. Market. Diego okay. How would you neutralize an addiction to a patient where they can become mindful of their own decisions just by speaking to them.

I would tell lots of stories lots and lots of stories and. I would indirectly install things into them um the other way. I would do it is. I would actually uh use the transformational.

Triad and find the the source of the addiction to begin with fix it there and. Then energy um energy spin or color breathe the uh the reasons they started doing those addiction behaviors in the. First place and see where that takes me. So there would be a combination of things.

I would do. But a lot of it depends on how covert um. I want to be and. I assume you meant covert when you use the term just by speaking to them right.

Mario. F uh. I learned proper selft talk can feel it deep inside that's how. I know.

I'm on the boot on the path okay. Good uh. Dante what's one of your favorite books right. Now um right.

Now. I'm reading a fiction book. Uh discovery of witches. So.

I'm enjoying that um in terms of other books um all the of sefue. Johnson's books. I enjoy um. I'm starting to dabble a little bit into the work of.

Josephine. McCarthy who. I think is another is will potentially be another great source for. Spiritual training and things of that nature uh my.

Christian mysticism teacher is making us go through. A. Course in. Miracles right.

Now um which as a neural linguistic programmer is just giving me fits because as. I look. At the languaging in those courses. I just want to vomit um.

But that's a that's that's a personal bias um. Course in. Miracles has helped a lot of people a lot of great self-help authors have have swear by the course of. Miracles um.

But as a neur itic programmer. I parse the world a little bit differently and. So. I have different thoughts on it.

Tom. Robert says. I love. NLP.

I do too um sigara is saying other than physical strength can you please give a list of spiritual powers that very very high levels of testosterone can give you um testosterone is usually associated with high levels of creativity both uh on a fertility level as well as on an artistic level. So. So generally speaking if you look. At artists of any ilk whether they're uh fine artists performing artists things of that nature usually super.

R super. Randy a lot of sexual encounters a lot of promiscuity going on there um which is again linked to testosterone. So there's a lot of things that uh testosterone will give you as a lot of focus um it can give you a lot of determination and drive um and all good things come from okay. So there's there's a whole bunch of good stuff that the high levels of testosterone inbalance with the rest of your hormones can give you now notice what.

I said high levels of testosterone inbalance with the rest of your hormones if if your testosterone is super high and the rest of your hormones are not in a commensurate level to balance that. Then you're going to have problems um excess testosterone converts to estrogen which will give you man boobs it'll give you it'll put you into gynecomastia all kinds of other problems fatty liver things of that nature. So you want to be very careful that you make sure that if you're going to do things that build your testosterone that you're doing it in a balanced way that's not to be construed as medical advice um. But speaking as somebody who went through a period of mamb booobs as a result of too much testosterone or testosterone being converted to estrogen um.

I can tell you that um it's it's better to have a balanced level of testosterone than excessively high levels of testosterone and nothing else uh is commensurate with that see ones and zero said you said when you were younger you were the top salesman where you worked during that time period did you have some sort of man um when. I was younger yeah. I. I.

I was very good at sales um and. I and that was in a bunch of different contexts uh. I sold shoes in three or four different uh for three or four different companies. I did door-to-door insurance sales um and.

I was the top salesman in my region um. So yeah um. I was very good at sales. But a lot of it was because of this kind of training that.

I'm teaching you guys. Yoda. M says looking good thank you uh cigar says. David you're a genius thank you cigar uh jul says thank you 143 um oh we have a naysayer.

Among. Us. Casey says. NLP is.

BS that's fine move on uh noan says 212. I don't know what 212 means blute says how to lose weight um stop eating or stop eating crap exercise more right. There's. So many different approaches to weight loss it really depends on you as a person uh physiologically psychologically hormonally um.

I would not want to give weight loss advice other than control what you eat and how much exercise you get um. Kevin or. Keith is saying trauma is looping in the nervous system. Keith says trauma safety lesson.

Magic. Frame okay. Alben is asking can hypnosis help me to make decisions yes. 100% um.

Albina is asking can hypnosis help schizophrenia my research says that one reason for dis caused by emotion okay. This is a a deep deep well in classical hypnosis medical hypnosis things of that nature schizophrenia or hypnosis is contraindicated for people with schizophrenia or schizo effective disorder that being said for some types of schizophrenia where there is an emotional component to it hypnosis can can help. But it's still largely contraindicated uh and one of the reasons is that people with schizophrenia tend to have a nervous system that's in chaos. Anyway.

So you don't know what they're going to do uh while they're in trance the other thing. I've noticed with in the few times that. I've worked with people who are who. I suspected were schizophrenic.

But would not go get tested is that they tend to spontaneously bump out of trans. So you'll be wor working with somebody you'll be going through a process and. Then a switch will flip and they'll just pop out and you have to start over again um for the vast majority of hypnotists out there if somebody's coming at uh coming to you and you suspect they might be schizoid or have schizophrenia the. First thing you the.

First thing you want to do is refer them to a psychotherapist and get a full a full panel done uh and make sure that there's nothing in there that that you're going to be liable for that you're not dealing with something that's outside your scope of practice okay. Um for the vast majority of. H lay hypnotists out there working with schizophrenics is not is contraindicated it's not within your scope of practice and you certainly shouldn't be doing that kind of work without being working alongside the person's psychotherapist or psychiatrist um and most cases unless you've got a lot of medical schooling and credentialing most psychotherapists or psychiatrists are not going to let a lay hypnotist anywhere near um schiz one of their schizophrenic patients it's just it's just there's too many too many variables it's it would be the rare psychotherapist that would refer that out to a l hypnotist in my opinion as a as a practitioner of. Oriental medicine there's a lot of things.

I can do. Beyond hypnosis to help people with schiz schizophrenic. But. I would still have to do it um as a medical referral or from a medical referral rather than a purely uh primary care or primary um primary care provider.

I still want to cover my butt in as many different ways as possible uh sear saying do you see any person without a left arm still manifest things okay. Cigar. I've answered this like five times now three times or one or two times on the comment section and actually once or twice uh on this. AMA already you don't need to have a left arm to manif best things okay.

That the the fact that the energy travels down the left arm when you're image cycling is just a characteristic of the image cycling process alab bill bangston. But it doesn't necessarily have to do that right. For manifestation to occur okay. The image cycling process is a separate process from healing and the manifestation process has little to nothing to do with your left arm okay.

So. I just. I'm just putting that out there and again um. So.

TI is asking where would one start with. NLP what's the. First lesson technique one should learn. TIY that really depends right.

What do you want to be able to do the problem that a lot of people have with. NLP is that it's a generic skill set. I have. I spent a lot of years working with and in the.

NLP world the vast majority of people who learn. NLP straight from the bottle can't actually use it one of the reasons is is that. NLP is such a generic skill set that unless the person that you're learning it from has a very specific direction that they're targeting those skills most people don't know where to start. So a lot of the courses that.

I put out you. NLP in the delivery in the in a certain application. But they're not courses that certify you in. NLP.

So the question once again is what technique should you start with with. NLP well that really depends on what you want to be able to do right. That's again everything starts with your outcome what's your outcome how do. I know what my outcome is or should be how do.

I know. I have a well- defined outcome that that's where everything starts once you understand that now you can look. At. NLP and say is this the right.

Tool for the job right. NLP is a massive toolkit. But if you don't understand the tools you don't know how to direct them okay. Keith says have you helped uh fnd sufferer in your clinic what is fnd body's asking some of the seemingly most.

F uh forgiving people are really brave other forgiveness feel like weak. But it's weird. Okay. Um world create world says genuinely wholeheartedly.

Dr. David thank you for. So [ __ ] much you're very welcome. Sebastian.

Ramirez in. Aikido they say that if you look. At the weapon of the opponent it will hypnotize you contrary to a state described as a predator frame all out nothing and what do you think looking at the weapon of the opponent can hypnotize you especially if they're doing a lot of this waving around. But also looking your opponent in the eye can.

HTI you as well. So when when we're doing martial arts it's better to use a a phenomena or a process we call soft eyes. Which is largely a peripheral vision um f. Focus if you're working with um weapons that can move very very quickly like knif work or or um stick work where the the stick can move much faster than the eye can see watching the stick will get you killed watching the knife will get you killed um depending on the the the range of the weapon and the skill and the speed of the the person wielding it you would either be watching their hands or their feet.

Advanced people are going to watch feet intermediate people are going to watch uh hands. Masters will see everything without focusing on anything. So. I hope that helps uh y this me even with no.

Conscious memory uh. I think. I missed something there yep it's me uh. Jules is saying subconscious sabotage don't know what that's about.

Alex. Mueller. David. I've been told.

I'm a perfectionist by many authorities of different types coach therapists what do you recommend well. Alex what. I recommend depends on what you want do you see perfectionist your perfectionistic. Tendencies as a problem is it causing your life is it improving the quality of your life or diminishing it right.

If it's diminishing it. Then look. For ways to change it if it's enhancing the quality of your life keep it and make it even better right. Yod to mind any idea how to incorporate slight of mouth patterns in a quote story.

I've done a story within oh tons of ways to do that tons of ways to do that right. But the best uh hold on a. Second yeah uh there's a website that has one of your programs online for like 40 yeah they're they're a pirate site. So please for those of you who for any anytime you find my products on a site that is not.

NLP power.com it's a pirate site. So please help me out and. Report those sites if possible right. The only place that you'll see um my products is on my websites okay.

So when in doubt report it. I you know please help support us and support. Planet. David and by making sure the.

Pirates don't have uh an easy way to do things okay. Thank you. I appreciate let you letting me know though. Denise.

Thomas will this be live on. YouTube or your subscription this one is for the general public we do two two amas a month that are members only and we have one. Hands-On skill building session a month for diamond level of members and above. So if you guys want more one-on-one time with me more interaction time with me.

I highly recommend you you join our our diamond or platinum level. I would recommend the diamond level if you want to actually be part of our private. Facebook. Group and have access to our private.

Video. Collection um it's pretty cool right. So. I recommend that you go ahead and uh.

Jo use the community tab find the diamond link and sign up um. Denise. Thomas says. I will.

I give you credit course and miracles. I do not enjoy reading uh. Nolan is asking do you wish you had gone to college before 33 you know. I don't know.

I was talking. I was having this conversation earlier with one of my private students today and one of the things that when we think about the past you know we're always thinking about oh. I wish. I had done this or.

I knew that. Then and the truth is is that there's a lot of things that happened to me early in my life that were very painful a lot of betrayal a lot of really bad programming uh shaming and embarrassing experiences uh a lot of bullying a lot of things happened to me early in my life that influenced me to make the life choices and the decisions that. I've made and. I think it worked out pretty well.

I could play the the what if game about going to college at 33. But. I think. I'd be a very different person than.

I am now um and. I certainly. I certainly probably would not have been able to bring the things out to you um that. I have everything happens for a reason and we all have these golden paths to follow um there certainly there are parts of me that wish.

I might have gotten a little bit of an earlier start in my college career. But at the same time uh the life. I had prior to 33 was pretty freaking interesting um and certainly a lot of the things that. I of the information and the knowledge that.

I acquired in those. First 33 years is actually part of what. I'm bringing out to you today. So in in one in in one respect.

I didn't go to college. But. I did right. It's called the.

School of. Hard. KNX or is uh uh. Robert ringer used to say screw.

University screw you right. Um. So in retrospect. I think things had to things happen the way they had to happen hindsight is always 2020 um.

But certainly it would have been an interesting experience um. So. Nolan says. I've been seeing the number 212 tremendously and was hoping you can maybe touch on universal synchronicities is my higher self talking to me probably.

But. I have no. Clue what they're saying now the only person that can really figure that out would be you and you can do that you can just dialogue with yourself go into a very meditative. State follow your six dynamics of an unconscious response and follow the feelings to where it leads you uh barel saying asking when diving into the world of alchemy where do you think is the best place to start barel.

I think that really has a lot to do with what you want to achieve right. Uh there are many there are many on-ramps into the world of alchemy the question becomes what is it you want to be able to do what's your goal what do you want to achieve and. Then depending on that answer that'll determine what the the most expedient track is for you to take um lah is asking the voice that people used to throw their voice on stage in the 1910s and 50s that trippy voice in. Old.

Fashion times okay. I don't know there must looks like a separate conversation. So. Sagar is asking.

I've used the echo anchor protocol with one person after using anchor three or four times that person suddenly goes into trance. I could see it by their facial expressions like shock expression okay. There's no. Question there why did people stop speaking hypnotically.

I don't think that people ever stop speaking hypnotically hyp language is the one of the most hypnotic phenomena human beings generate. So. I don't you know it's when is hypnosis when is linguistics or languaging not hypnotic just depends on what kind of. Trance you're trying to induce uh words create world says.

I'm curious how do you help these victims of intense trauma get that sense of. Justice if needed in order to let them go and allow their personality to transform we have very specific protocols for that and they're not things that. I'm going to uh talk about uh on an open. Channel like this because some of you will try to go out and do them and without the whole the whole phenomena or the whole the whole sequence of techniques you can wind up opening up the kettle worms that you may not be able to close right.

Uh. But there's a bunch of ways that that we can help people to vent the emotional charge reprocess the experience uh get. Justice for the event and. Then move on into forgiveness if that's where they want to go see here.

So. Keith is asking functional okay. There's another question conversation going on here. TIY is asking since the.

First technique you learn with. NLP depends on what you want to do with it can. I ask what you like to do with. NLP and what is your favorite technique my favorite technique um in.

NLP is the emotional bonding protocol getting a person's values and bonding with them uh. I love that technique um because it allows me to leverage just about anything else a person says or does um you won't find the term emotional bonding technique um in the. NLP lexicon. But you will hear it referred to as.

Criterion value syation which will often be seen in the uh structure beliefs or belief change information in most. NLP training courses um. But that's by far one of my favorite ones the other is pacing and leading a person's very own language those are kind of my two favorite ones um ones and zeros is there any more techniques you teach like the gift when. I use the gift to tell myself.

I have my manifestations. I notice. I see more synchronicities related to my manifestations keep keep doing the gift. Then and do a lot more color breathing with the gift and remove blocks that may be inhibiting that uh sunny day.

I was. I just discovered you the other day now. I will be giving people something hot to drink and a cushy seed very good well done. Sunny ground 77 says.

David what brain frequency is best to have when you're doing self- hypnosis. I would use um low. Theta uh if you're using recordings if you're doing like selft talk or affirmations. I would use an alpha.

Theta. State um schomo hey. David nice seeing you nice seeing you too cigar. I know your time is precious and.

I'm very sorry for the inconvenience you haven't caused any inconvenience cigar it's just. I. I understand enthusiasm it's just pay more attention to the answers. I give you because a lot of times.

I do answer your question um. But you don't see the answers um the chose when hey. Dr. David is there any techniques that you teach that can make people be mesmerized by me like they are with.

Donald. Trump for example chosen just about every technique. I teach is a form of mesmerism. But if you want to.

Mesmerize people like. Donald. Trump uh paint your skin orange wear a tupe and insult people that's mostly what he does uh. But the secret is really what the.

Trump's big big secret to his success is he he speak he uses small words and he speaks to people's emotions he he he plays the. US versus them game very very well okay. Um and he vilifies the opposition right. These are all things that are are very common tactics um.

But if you really want to understand what a lot a lot of the hypnosis that's being perpetrated on you uh by political groups media groups special interest groups um if you get the book. Rules for. Radicals by. Saul.

Alinsky you will literally see a playbook. For every single thing that you're seeing in the media between one candidate and another one political party and another one special interest group and another everything from the woke. Community to uh you know black lives matter to the. Republicans to the.

Democrats they're all they're all operating from the same. Playbook. Okay. And.

So my my under. I'm not political in any by any stretch of the imagination yes. I have my political beliefs and stuff like that. But when.

I talk about these these groups and these things it's not from a political or ideological standpoint because in my in my in my belief system all belief systems are [ __ ] none of them are true they're all things they're all rules about the way the the world should be and the way people should behave and they're all made up even mine the question becomes does the belief system that you're operating from make your life better if it's making your life better keep it if it's making you miserable change it to anything else my biggest pet peeve with all of these competing ideologies is that they're all using the same tactics to forward their ideology and that's the problem because if you're use if you're all doing the same thing to forward your ideology. Then your ideology is no. Better than anybody else's and that's how. I look.

At it and. So when. I say all belief systems are [ __ ] even mine. I'm quite serious and if you resorting to the same tactics to put your belief system forward that everybody else is using.

Then your system is no. Different right. It's not and and. I'm not casting aspersions on anyone's belief system or the methods they choose all.

I'm saying is that if you're using the same methods to promote a belief system. Then you're no. Different than the other people's belief systems right. Um.

So that's that's about all. I'm going to say about that um. David you asked what. FN oh functional nerve disorder okay.

Um. I've. I've done some pretty interesting things with nerve disorders. So.

I'm going to say a qualified yes. Until. I know more about what specific functional what specific type of functional nerve disorder you're talking about alad. Decker would that help people who are emotionally closed off would.

What specifically help people who are emotionally closed off. Elliot uh connectr is turning towards connectedness have you noticed applicability of what you know with animals in what circumstances a lot of the coherence work and spinning work that. I teach has been used with animals not by me. But by people.

I've taught. So the short answer is yes. Fernando hi. David what do you suggest to unpack and resolve self-sabotage patterns if there is no.

Body feeling to spin or use. Magic. Frame. Fernando there's always a body feeling there's always a body feeling you're just asking you just need to ask a different question okay.

Uh schlomo. I spend a lot of time throughout my week with kids in the hospital battling cancer. I keep wondering how can such young kids be manifesting those. Cancers and what are their bodies trying to tell them chances are it's karmic in other words what they're bringing in um they came in with an agreement to manifest that illness usually for the sake of the parents or they're they're burning off karma from a previous.

Incarnation. So if you're going to work with them depending on what interventions you want to use you might want to ask if it's okay. From the divine to to heal them right. Because you don't want to necessarily do something and and take on that karma for yourself.

But usually if it's a young child um my my teachers taught me that it's usually something karmic from a previous. Incarnation that they're burning off or they came in and agreed to manifest that illness for the sake of the parents and the family that they were born into um. CAD. Quest if you want to learn about depth and change please go to.

David's website you'll find the specific courses there absolutely. Christine. Buckley is laughing her butt off for some reason uh cigara saying in the oldest. AMA on.

YouTube channel you were talking about an. AMA previous than one. So my question is how long have you been doing amas for oldest. I've seen is three or four years um amas have only been going on for a few years uh primarily since um really since.

Zoom to be quite. Frank um when. Zoom became big during the pandemic that's when. I started doing amas.

So yeah masterminds have been around since. October of 2010 um. But. AMA is only for a few years all right.

We're coming to the coming to the end here all right. Uh. Katie broy have you ever had someone cause lights to flicker or burn out when upset are tired yes. Me could this be caused by vibrational frequency and can it be fixed yes.

It's it's caused by either a positive or negative charge it's caused by vibration and can it be fixed probably. But. I haven't figured out how yet because it as. I get deeper and deeper into energetics and training uh my systems go off and out of sync faster and faster and faster the only other thing.

I can tell you is be very careful of your emotions uh because a lot of times your emotional state will enhance or. DET or will either amplify or or minimize the the interference that you're creating uh schlomo do. I do you have any recommendations for a practice or routine when. I leave the hospitals yes.

Gry room. PR room uh pulling down the heavens uh 1 through 10 three. Divine invocations that'll get you going anron. Petty hey.

David long time no. See struggling with manifesting what. I want reversing my program after experience vibrational frequency. I want where.

I'm still [ __ ] up appreciate you where am. I still [ __ ] up dude. I don't know. I don't know your life um.

I will say that um one of the biggest problems. I see with people a lot of times who are doing manifesting is that they're on a track and they want to manifest something big and they jump off of the path they're on and start over in another. Direction and wonder why it doesn't work when you're manifesting just keep going the direction that you're going if it's on a positive slant and just wait for something to happen the biggest thing. I see with people who are um into hidden laws are manifesting in.

General is a lack of patience uh the attitude of something for nothing if. I just do this vision board or. I do this meditation. Then all of a sudden things are going to happen out of nowhere and it just doesn't work that way um you have to become the person for whom that vessel you have to create a vessel for that person for that energy to manifest and a lot of times that involves investing in time energy and effort to become the person to do the work to take this to be to take the slow path which is usually the fast path um.

So there's there's a bunch of there's a bunch of small things. But not small. But they're little little trip wires in the. Law of.

Attraction world where people think uh manifesting is like the easy path and it isn't it's just a different path with a different kind of work that's involved um. So. I would tell people if you're doing manifesting training. Then do the manifesting training and.

Then do the work you would have done if you were just relying strictly on your own efforts to do it and you'll often manifest what you want faster okay. No. One how can one remove a self-induced curse find the initial sensitizing event resolve it and reprocess the experience and talk to yourself better. Yoda mind can mixing slight of mouth patterns work like this if it's not.

X it's really that y. Archy of criteria possibly it really depends on the person and how you set it up anron. I believe in the principal law attraction. I've experienced success with the.

Technologies learned intermittently good keep going. I'm literally going to use a scientific method to test this out of frustration okay. So give up the frustration focus on being playful pick a direction and stay on it until the universe gives you a sign to move someplace different. Christine.

I laughed out loud you said about. Trump earlier okay. And by the way. I'm not anti-trump.

I'm not pro. Trump. I'm not anti-trump. I'm a.

I'm a wait and see. Trump right. Let's see what he does one way or the other um. I'm not pro.

Camila or anti-. Camilla either. I'm just. I'm.

I'm. I'm an influenced trainer and. So when. I look.

At people. I look. At people based on not necessarily the ideology. But the methodologies that they're employing right.

And ultimately. I also sometimes look. At based on history what are the end results of those those methodologies when they're applied to a large population over time and by and large they all suck. So that's just how.

I look. At it um conect tropy is turning towards connectedness slmo this is a personal recommendation for sahaj yoga meditation see replays on it. Keith. Van says hardest thing is when your friends don't want your help yes.

It's extraordinarily frustrating and painful when you have a tool that can help somebody and they just don't want it they're just not having it and that's where you have to have the serenity you know you have to to to say the the. God's. Serenity. Prayer.

God give me the strength to um accept the things. I cannot change the courage to change the things. I can and the wisdom to know the difference right. Christina says.

I am fairly new to your work. I'm looking forward to learning more thank you. So much. David.

Christine you are very welcome and welcome to. Planet. David um. Manu.

Ali neuro unblocking systems hierarchy static ego busting okay. Random words nice. Anon thank you man my superpower stubbornness. So.

I'll work on it or it'll work right. Uh words create worlds. I've noticed you use the words reprocess the event and talk to yourself better is that in the identity by. Design or real word trauma resolution it starts in identity by.

Design and reaches its climax in real world trauma resolution it's a whole sequence that will change everything about you. Alex says. Trump is a used car salesman. I grew up in.

New. York. City. Jersey locals understand his mindset and approach who am.

I to judge right. You know again um look. At the results they produce right. You know as much as.

I hate to to use. I. I. I said this to my one of my coaching clients today and.

I don't think it's always 100% true. But it's as in. NLP we say it's true enough to be true many times the end ultimately does justify the means the problem with that particular statement and the problem with that idea is that many times the ends that you create are far are more far-reaching and far more extreme than your intention was. But by and large.

The end justifies the means a lot. So um because we are a pragmatic school because we are a gnostic school um we have to really understand that and try to do things in a way that keeps us in harmony with our own sense of personal ethics and. I'm not a persuasion cop. I'm uh.

I'm very much uh 50. Shades of. Gray when it comes to the. Magical.

World um and. So. I'm here. I'm.

I'm here to empower you guys and. Empower myself in the process and. I think that's a perfect way to move through the world right. Um you're no.

Good to the world broke you're no. Good to the world weak you're no. Good to the world sick you're no. Good to the world life teach them to other people like and share everything that you learn every video we put out please put it out there turn in all the.

Pirates right. Uh. Albania is asking do you accept promote patients yes. I do if you're interested in doing one-on-one work with me uh you can reach out to us at 858 282 4663 or reach out to.

Mia at. NLP power and tell them you want to set up a consultation and either. I or one of my associates um will reach out to you and set up a consult if you pass the consult. Then we'll show you how to move that forward um tips on how to be funny besides ambiguity uh look.

Up one of my students her name is. Tracy. Kanan she's a former standup comedian and she actually teaches a course called hilarity hilarity with hypnosis or hilarity and hypnosis uh and she's great for teaching you how to create jokes and things like that on the. Fly uh ashle explor says do.

I ever come to. New. Zealand once in a blue moon. I come to.

New. Zealand. Yoda mind says bye teacher. Christine says glad to be here.

I turned out turned in late and we'll have to go back and listen you're great good questions everyone this that's all the time. I have my friends. I love you all. I will see you.

Next same bat. Time same bat. Channel be on the lookout this week for a surprise we webinar that may show up sometime hint hint um by all means like and share the videos that uh we've put out more is coming uh if you can make our. Next secrets of internal power super training.

Next month um you're going to. Le some really cool martial arts energetic and influence and mind. Peak. Performance training stuff that we don't show outside of certain circles um that being said uh if you haven't signed up for our newsletter go to www.lpower.com and go ahead and get yourself on our mailing list.

So you can be apprised when special opportunities sales and things of that nature come up. Astro explor says you're are the best. NLP and hypnosis teacher ever thank you guys. So much.

I love you all and uh we'll talk to you soon. God bless.
