Title: 5sAY3KyYPoY.txt
Video Id: 5sAY3KyYPoY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sAY3KyYPoY

Foreign foreign foreign this is. Dr. David checking in with you. I am excited uh today uh because.

I've been uh you know. A lot's been going on at. Planet. David we're in 2023 and uh.

I just wanted to to jump on and say hi and actually um tell you. I'm throwing a party in. March. March 3rd fourth and 5th up in.

Los. Angeles and. I wanted to invite each and every one of you to come for free if you like that would that be cool. I think that's a cool thing type it in the chat.

Chris. Harding still seeking water bottle aspect of image cycling great to be here man. Chris you're going to have to elaborate by the way. I'm happy to answer questions um especially about what.

I've got what. I'm going to tell you about in just a minute um. But uh. I need you guys to to show the world just how strong and supportive.

Planet. David is uh you dig in the new background this is uh this is the party that. I'm inviting you guys to. March 3rd 4th and fifth in.

Los. Angeles. I'll be speaking at the best you expo at the. Los.

Angeles. Convention. Center uh it's. March 3rd fourth and 5th and.

I've arranged. So that all of you if you want to can come for free okay. So let me explain that a little bit high is along with tons of other speakers are getting together uh to share our best stuff now. I don't know if.

Bernardo moyo the gentleman who who is running the uh the event really likes me or not. But he gave me seven talks throughout the weekend and. I want to give each and every one of you an opportunity to come and hang out and learn some cool stuff. March 3rd 4th and 5th for free does that sound like the cool thing oh wait.

I'm live streaming this through. Zoom. So that uh. So.

I can have a recording for it. So you betcha. Okay. So um let me do this really quick now that's not what.

I want a. Second. I'm going to go through the talks. I've got coming up in just a minute.

But um let me do this. I'm going to post the link for those of you who want to get your free tickets. I don't know when they're going to pull this offer. But there it is click on that link and uh and go get oh.

KW says. I already enrolled very cool uh. So listen they've given me seven talks. I think.

Bernard by the way those who don't know who. Bernardo. Moya is um. I guess it helps if.

I turn on the record feature huh for those of you who don't know who. Bernard moyo is he was one of. Richard vandler's biggest promoters um many many years ago in in the. Europe and he went on to create a forum where coaches experts and everything from business to romance could get together to help people with one one big mission and that is to become the very best version of yourself and.

I can't think of a better venue uh to launch this is actually the. First time one of the. First times that um. I.

I'm. I'm going to an event that. I didn't create. So.

I'm excited about it it's going to be a whole new world. But. I think this is a great opportunity for those of you who have been to our. Live.

Events or for have attended through virtual events or whatever you guys can come out and and not just work with me. But work with hundreds of other great high-level speakers. I think this is an amazing opportunity um and you can do it for free right. So uh relatively sounds lovely won't be going as.

Ireland's a bit far away. But fair play for you being. So generous oh okay. Well for those of you who are in.

Ireland um. I'll be actually attending a training out in. Dublin the uh 13th the 12th through the 14th and 15th okay. So for those of you who are in the.

Dublin area and you have some free time maybe we can grab a pint or something you know uh that being said um before. I get into the talks we've got coming up at best you what questions do you have for me what can. I what can. I what can.

I help you with what can. I. Enlighten you on. So to speak in all things.

Planet. David what do you got for me now there is a bit of a lag like. I said. I no.

It really says no. Way often yeah me and my wife will be there. I'll be attending uh. I'm working on my doctorate in.

Chinese energetic medicine and. So one of the classes is actually going to be in. Dublin um it's a three-day makeup class because. I missed that training.

So. I'm going back and. I'm going to put me through my bases and. Then we're gonna maybe go kiss the.

Blarney. Stone and. Elizabeth um and we'll see where we go from there. So what questions you got otherwise.

I'll just go into my little my little pitch where's the training this um which training are we talking about the one in. Ireland are the ones that. I'm going to be doing up in. L.A oh good afternoon.

Patrick good afternoon. Patrick. Chris starting with image cycling the video volume of particle what is the process of the water bottle's house okay. So when you're gonna the reason we do the the water bottle drill with image cycling by the way for those of you who can't travel this particular training is also available virtually.

So you can get a virtual ticket and attend online as well you don't have to be there in person um uh it's. Chinese energetic medicine. Dallas. Chinese energetic medicine training um let me finish um.

Chris's question about image cycling. Then. I'll go into the other stuff the reason. I don't have a water bottle with me.

But let's use this cup the reason you do the water. Bob trading is to prove that you actually created a change. So the way it works is once you've completed your cycling and you've done your priming okay. You take two bottles of sealed bottles of water you mark one control you put that under your chair you mark the other one experiment you hold that in your left hand and.

Then you for 5 10 15 minutes all you do is just image cycle you don't worry about the bottle in your hand you just image cycle right. Uh when. I'm doing it on in the training. I do it for five five to ten minutes just to show you normally if you're doing image cycling you would do it longer or as long as it's fun for you at the end of five or ten minutes they they put that bottle aside they take their control they take it they crack it open they take a sip and they seal it and they put it down they wait a minute they open the experiment bottle they crack it they take a sip and they notice the difference in the in the waters that's how it works the the changing of the water has nothing to do with anything other than to prove that through just the process of image cycling you can create fundamental changes um in matter right.

Um we're not actively trying to program the water it's just something that channels through you that changes the water now can you program water to do things yes. You can okay. Let me let me scroll up a little bit here uh. Jill button says.

I just signed up awesome. Jill. I love you uh blue why do. I act done around people behaving in a way.

I would never behave when. I'm alone because you're afraid and you want to be accepted and you think that your normal self the way you would normally. Act won't be good enough. So you try to be something you're not it's that simple it's a way to get attention uh and my bet my guess is if you track the origins of that behavior it probably started when you were a little kid or you actually acted out in a certain way and somebody laughed and you felt good about it and your neurology just decided to keep that behavior okay.

Well thank you that's the. First time. I've ever actually pronounced anything remotely. Gaelic correctly uh let's see here.

Oddball says where is this training. So the best you will be in. Los. Angeles the training.

I'm going to in. Dublin is going to be. I can't even pronounce the name of the hotel uh if you guys want to hang on. Later.

I'll see if. I can find the uh the hotel and. I'll let you look. At it.

So you can see uh let's see here. David. Orman. Central.

Florida system and my brother from another mother do you have a link for signing up for your monthly sessions and memberships or um. David are we talking about the. Mastermind or my unlimited influence coaching program. I have.

I have links for both which one do you want. Patrick says. I'm. Nest.

I'm just now getting here okay. Ghost. Writer hello what was up with the. Saturn.

Square by the way um that particular magic square uh in the in the. Eastern or in the western tradition is known as the square of. Saturn in the. Taoist and the.

Chinese traditions it's known as the low shoe and it's actually the foundation of much of what. Dallas magic and cosmology uh. Works off of it's one of those places where. East.

Meets. West and. So um when. I was initiated energetically um into whatever path.

I'm on uh the person who who [Music] use that or who did the initiation use that particular configuration to to pass an. Attunement on to me and one day. I was. Dr.

I was walking through a mall in. Lehigh. Valley. Pennsylvania and.

I decided since. I was going to a martial arts training um. I wanted to kind of supercharge myself. So.

I made myself a little magician's cat. But. I put the little shoe of the magic square on there. So that's that's the origin story uh let's see here uh.

KW did. I answer that question uh the name is. Dallas. Chinese energetic medicine um.

So. Chris isn't sure when you okay. You just hold the minute you start cycling you just hold the bottle you don't even worry about it just hold it in your left hand and let everything else happen that's the secret to image sacred. Antron.

Petty is asking oh wait. Trevor. Trevor. Barnhart says.

I'm excited to see you in person thank you for sharing this opportunity my pleasure you know. I recommend you guys go grab your tickets. I don't know um. I don't know how long they're going to be offering the free ticket thing.

But they've given literally. I don't know that anybody else has as many talks at the. Expo as. I do.

So you're gonna get a a literal. David. Buffet plus when. I'm not speaking.

I'll have a booth there you can come hang out at the booth we'll probably be doing that little mini classes or little mini treatments or readings or face readings or stuff at the booth uh we're still working out the full we're gonna be there for a full three days. So um come in hang out and there's gonna be hundreds it's like 90 000 square feet folks there's gonna be speakers there on every single thing in personal growth business development that you can imagine. So when you're not working hanging out with me you can go hang out with some really cool people who like to teach cool stuff to other cool people right. So um let's see here the.

Antron. I want to use the language patterns to start copywriting how do. I start the material better when. I'm on my own thank you start with an outcome right.

When you're doing copywriting the. First thing to understand is you got to begin with the end in mind what's the offer what's the action you want them to take okay. And. Then when you start using the language patterns.

First write your copy and. Then go back and look. For places where the where the pattern where you can inject the patterns to make your topping better okay. Everything starts with pacing and leading.

So you know if you want to you got your headlines got to get people's attention it's got a one in the read the. First line of your copy the job of your. First line of copies to get them to read the. Second line okay.

You've got to show people you've got to make an outrageous client you've got to show people that you understand where they're coming from which is in. NLP is called pacing and. Then show them how you had their problem or the person you're writing for had that problem and how they solved it you've got anticipate objections answer the objections before they have a chance to ask them and. Then show proof to uh risk removal right.

And. Then at scarcity and going for your clubs okay. Let's see here. But.

I would. I would always start by writing the copy. First and. Then adding the language patterns in afterwards remember all good writing is specially copywriting is rewriting okay.

Get the. First couple things out on the page and. Then go back and edit let's see here look. Mastermind uh if you go to the.

David snydernlp.com forward slash. Mastermind there should be a link to sign up if not. David. Then go to uh call 858 -282-4663 ask for.

Stephanie and tell her you want to join. The. Mastermind she'll send you a link. I love you says free tickets yes.

All you got to do to get your free tickets is go here okay. It's my. New. Year's gift to you right.

Um. I don't know why that speaks numbers for those of you who um are not are you guys seeing the link okay. I'm not sure if it's coming through or not. Alexander says any recommendations for starting with self-defense and martial arts um really.

I think it really depends on your body type um if you're a big person. Then you can do just about anything if you're not a big person you want to look. At. Arts that were created by small people or that give small people an advantage.

I like. Wing. Chun for small people um. Filipino.

Martial arts for small people um. Brazilian. Jiu. Jitsu is okay.

But it's limited um small circle. Jiu. Jitsu is a good one. But it's hard to find.

So. I would say probably. Wing. Chun and um in the.

Filipino. Martial arts would probably give you the biggest bang for your buck fast. But a lot of what we you know we talk about self-defense and martial arts there's. So many different flavors out there right.

You have to find what what resonates with. But also many times it's about what's available in your area you know you deal with what's in your area until you can do something better right. Let's see here uh let's see here. Ghostwriter says you're my inspiration.

I love how you treat your daughter. I want to be a dad like you when. I get kids she's going to be your successor. I have a feeling that.

Sophie is going to take over the world and we're not even going to see it coming she is such a dick she is nine years old and she's one of the most dangerous um she just can look. Into your soul and know what buttons to press it's it's really it's really gratifying and terrifying at the same time um salisandre says looking forward to the training awesome sauce uh. Patrick says. I'm sure if someone already asked this.

But when is this event taking place the best you. Expo will be taking place. March 3rd 4th and 5th 2023 at the. Los.

Angeles. Convention. Center and like. I said.

I'm inviting all of you. I want all of you there you can get yourself a. David. Snyder t-shirt or wave of science says.

I'm with. David. I just want. Bernardo to know just how passionate and cool the citizens of.

Planet. David are right. I really. I really.

I'm not and. I want to get to meet every single one of you you know if all. I get to do is say hi shake your hand and thank you for being such a loyal supporter. So much is better if.

I can actually share something with you that makes your life better that would make my week uh let's see here let's see this key places. So. I recently watched your three magic questions what if. I ask someone some of the questions in text right.

Am. I screwed not at all got to remember people's favorite subject is themselves and one of the interesting things about using and because student magic questions is a an extension of the echo technique because the echo technique is such a fundamental neurologically desirable part of uh communication you can talk about the same stuff over and over and over again and they'll be happy with it because it's their stuff right. How many times in this you see this most most commonly in older folks like people in their 50s 60s nearly 70s 60s 70s and 80s how many times you've been with people and they tell you the same story every single time you're together they never get tired of it right. If you do it artfully you can talk about the same stuff forever and uh and and really create a deep a deep connection.

So no. You're not screwed at all hold on a. Second uh let's see here. So.

I love you say it's going through a terrible divorce and my girlfriend just told me she's a lesbian and we can't be together anymore three magic questions sure did work. But it couldn't change your orientation all right. Well you know what those things happen right. And you know you never know some people.

Circle back they always have a case of the grass as green room. Ghost. Rider yes. Seeing the link very good uh renan.

Blair find on. Empire. I see the link perfect yes. It's coming through beautiful.

Chris. Harding says that comment was from earlier though you answered it awesomely originally thank you good uh. Patrick says we see the link. David says thank you.

Ashwin is laughing at me on ball six is why can't you do what you can until you do what you like. I that's obviously in relation to the martial arts and. I agree you know uh. Chris.

Harding says the link is all good. Nathan mayor says is the subconscious mind in the unconscious mind the same thing pretty much um. I make arbitrary distinctions when we talk about the other than conscious mind which is the complex of the subconscious the unconscious and the super conscious um. I have my distinction when.

I talk about the unconscious versus the subconscious is. I think of the subconscious mind as the repository of our emotions memories feelings. I look. At the unconscious mind as the part of us that controls the biological and electrochemical functions of our hormonal balances our breathing rates uh the heartbeat.

But those are really arbitrary distinctions they're not necessarily ones that other people would make. But that's how. I. Define it.

So a lot of times. I'm talking about that whole that whole complex or that whole constellation um we're talking about. I'll often say the other than conscious mind or. I'll simply say the nervous system right.

Because the nervous system pretty much covers all of it uh let's see here. Ghostwriter says what inspired this setup is. So cool been a fan since 2014. I love.

The. Illusion well this particular background is actually. I got this actually from. Bernardo who runs the best queue and if you guys uh uh see.

Bernardo at the event please thank him for help for hosting an event that allows. So many great people to be influence and be influenced by. So many people do you like this do you like this background it's pretty cool huh um now what inspired you to set up a still called in a fan since 2014. wow you're a veteran love your. Evolution.

Robin says thanks for being such a great mentor thank you. So much for your support and for finding value in what we do and actually going out and using the materials right. The proof is in the pudding you don't got to believe it you just got to do it and that's kind of in my life's work what's stuff that. I that.

I don't have to believe in in order for it to work right. If you believe in it. So much the better. But if it works independent of belief.

I think it's even more powerful uh thanks uh. Kimmy is saying we'd like to touch on release of ancestral paradigms confidence to start a whole new income stream that differs from anything. I've done okay. Um.

I would start with the transformational. Triad. First and foremost we always start with what the least invasive most. Global stuff and.

Then we we transition to other things. So. I would start there if that's if that's still not getting you the um that's not getting you the bang for your buck that you need. Then you go to identity by.

Design and. Then you go to and. Then and. Then from there you go into regression techniques okay.

That's a lot of trend that's a lot of training for for you to go through it might actually be easier to reach out to somebody who's already trained in these techniques and work with them. But that would be the optimal progression for you to to make all the internal changes you want to make and. Then transition into the the external skill sets that you want to apply in a new in a new profession um. Lucy says.

Lucy. Pro says thank you for your. Technique you explained you're very welcome um. Nathan says thank you for your answer.

Dr. Schneider you're very welcome you can just call me. Dr. David or.

D or whatever you want uh just don't call me because. I got enough people doing that already how do you refresh yourself when you feel run down a lot of times. I sleep uh. I read or.

I've been to watch. Netflix. I'm a big comic book. Junkie.

So. I spend a lot of time on the. Marvel. Studio channels and things like that.

But usually. I. I just. Cloister myself uh in a room and.

I. I read. I study. I meditate.

I. I practice my energetic work for me uh and. Then and. Then we uh we go from there basically uh.

I just wanna. I'm a little off center in my camera and it's making me a little crazy um. I'm someone who likes things to be symmetrical likes to be centered and stuff like that. So um and let me see here are you guys enjoying yourself has this been useful.

So far. Superior economies can you tell us a safe. Dark. Snyder story.

I don't have any safe. Darth. Snyder stories um. But if you come to killer influence or attraction.

Mastery uh. Next month killer influence is coming up. January 25th 4th through the 28th it's a five-day training it's the number one rated. NLP course in the world we're going to be doing it live in.

Las. Vegas uh if you guys want to hear some real cool. Darth. Snyder stories and and kind of uh get deep dive into the skills that uh the best behavior people in the world are fascinated by uh.

Then by all means uh come on out if you want to do more about attraction dating whether you're male or female we have attraction. Mastery coming up in uh. I think it's. February we're doing that for.

Valentine's. Day it's a four day training um that you can guys come out. I'll. I'll show that when.

I go through the whole all the talks. I've got coming up and stuff um. I'll show you guys how to do that um. But in the meantime if you go to the link posting in the chat right.

Here you can get free tickets to the best you. Expo uh and. I'm gonna actually go over all the things. I'm going to be teaching.

But. I wanted to invite you guys uh to just come and hang out see the talks for free stuff like that and by the way if you're like. I know one of our people was in. Ireland um there is a virtual option.

So you can either come in person which. I encourage. But if you can if you're across the pond as they say and you wanna you wanna hang out. Then the ticket is good virtually you can you can log in through.

Zoom or the best. UTV or whatever whatever. I think. Roku is doing it.

Apple. TV is doing it um you can attend virtually right. And. So.

I don't know what. Bernardo will let me do in terms of personal streaming in terms of being able to stream to this channel um. But we'll see you know um it'll be a lot of fun let's see. Ghost.

Riders has been there since the sea two days rest yeah. James was a great loss he was a great friend he was a founding member of. The nlpower. Mastermind mentoring program um and in honor of.

James. I still actually sell the courses where he co-taught um because. I think he was too important a person in our evolution of. Planet.

David um to just let fate into the background. So for those of you um who've been around for a while who know who. James. C2 was grab a copy of like stealth selling.

Secrets or the early running. Renegade hypnosis or um identity by. Design. So you can honor.

James's memory if you don't know him you know. Then you know it's it's it'll be nice. But you don't have to do that um. But.

I for those of you who knew. James he was an amazing amazing practitioner good friend uh when. I went to. Israel you guys are off near me tell my.

Israel stories. James is my assistant. I. I didn't want to go alone.

So. I took. James and uh and he rocked it while he was out there. So um.

I think his books are still available too if you look. If you go to. Amazon and type in. James.

C2 um he's got two or three books that he wrote they're worth having right. We're not. Blair found an. Empire says my friend who.

I recently got into spinning had really bad back pain. Last night they say they spun it and it didn't help at all it wasn't there. But doesn't make sense perhaps they were not observed there's a there's a couple of things with back pain that you have to look. For a he might not have been doing it right.

B he might not have been asking the right. Question um it's often more challenging especially for new people to do it on themselves. So it might be easier for you to guide him through it. But.

I think also uh two little tweaks. I've learned with back pain one make sure you. Magic. Frame.

It. Before. You spin it and b sometimes it's it's actually better to ask a slightly different question like when. I had really bad back pain.

I tried spinning it and spinning and spinning it and it would not go away and. I was. I could you know for two or three weeks. I could barely walk across the street and.

I had this. Meetup that. I had to do right. And.

So. I'm. I'm literally took. Me 10 minutes to cross the street to get to my car.

I'm driving to my clinic to get the equipment that. I need uh to go do this. Meetup and. I'm gonna be on my feet for three hours and.

I can barely stand and. I'm. I'm pulling up to this stop light and. I get this download right.

And the download says accelerate the healing and. I'm like what and it and. Then and. Then.

I got it. I said rather than trying to get rid of the pain accelerate the speed of healing and. So. I asked myself a different question.

I said well if there was a place in or part of my body or a place in my body where the speed at which. I healed was controlled where would it be. First impression and. I pointed them it literally pointed to my.

Third eye as if there were color connected to the speed at which. I heal what color would it be and. I forget what color it was. But.

I'm literally sitting at a stoplight. I take the energy out. I find the direction that accelerates the healing and. I double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude.

I keep doubling it over and over and over again now. I'm about four blocks from my clinic when this is happening my pain on a 0 to 10 scale is like 11. right. I slam it back in. I saw.

White like my whole brain. I just fuzzed out and. I was like. I just twitched in the chair for like 10 or 15 seconds and.

I came back. I was like stoned by the time. I went from the stoplight that was four blocks away from my uh from my clinic to pulling into the parking garage of the clinic my pain dropped from like a 10 or 11 to a three by the time. I got to.

The. Venue it was gone okay. Um and that was one of those it's a very unique situation. I never had spinning not work that well prior and.

Then. I got this download. But it was with back pain. So.

I would. First. I would. Magic.

Frame it. Then. I would have him actually do the spinning thing himself and. Then.

I would frame the speed at which or. I would spend the speed at which it heals and see if that creates a significant change okay. Um if there's something biomechanically wrong um you may not get a hundred percent because if you slip the disc or something like that you have to adjust those biomechanics. First okay.

Or in combination. So again. I'm not. I'm not.

I'm not a one-trick pony or believe that one way is the only way you find that the combination of things that work best. But. I hope that helps um see here deep. Deepak where joyote says please tell me some deep.

NLP and psychology books um deep. I don't know what you mean by. Deep. NLP my friend um if you could elaborate on that a little bit in terms of what you want to be able to do.

I might be able to give you a better a better um idea uh renan says lying about trying we're lying about trying to spirit because it should work with okay. He could be lying some people will just humor you or some people just don't want you to be right. Because they want that pain because it gets in something which is why. I always recommend starting with magic frame because.

Magic. Frame tends to bring secondary gain to the surface. So it's easier to deal with um okay. Pied.

Piper if fainting can be brought on by suggestion talking about. Bloody surgery causes cancer what do you see as the difference between fainting and hypnosis um largely in fainting you would not only consider someone to be very suggestible in a faint although the unconscious mind never shuts off. But literally if you can talk somebody into fainting by talking about surgery that's a form of suggestion which is a form of hypnosis uh. Renaissance is going to hop on my.

Ivy bunny account okay. Um. IVs arrive okay. Good uh let's see here.

Ghost. Rider says what's your thoughts on pop culture magic like evoking. Spider-Man and. Iron.

Man. I think they can work remember that the the ability to do magic is inherent in you as a human being what changes is the symbology and the iconography that you're using if you invest time and energy and effort into uh avatars like. Spider-Man and. Iron.

Man whatever whatever associations you make the more you compound those the more powerful they'll become for you it's that's basically chaos. Magic right. Uh as long as there's a story that get that that can capture and lead the imagination and focus the imagination. Then the the symbolics will work.

Patrick says yep amoy's adding to your notes. I love you says hold on a. Second uh the mayor and repeater technique is the best and simple. I would agree what is micro.

Jiu. Jitsu. I have no. Idea what micro.

Jiu. Jitsu is. Ashwin says we missed. James.

I miss him too brother okay. Phil. Perry says be careful lost over 1500 pounds uh when he never offered a refund for an. NLP training account okay.

I don't know anything about that. But you have to take that up with. Bernardo um still working on manifesting specific person back be very careful about trying to manifest a person back generally speaking there's a reason you guys split in the. First place and until you address those reasons um you're more likely to create the same.

Dynamic that caused the split in the. First place. So my recommendation and this may happen as a byproduct of your image cyclic is that um you'll actually go through a bunch of that causes you to change. So you become a person who can have that person back or better yet focus on an easier attract somebody who has the same characteristics as the person that you're trying to get back.

But work on yourself at the same time nice thing about manifestations if you're not happy with the manifestation you create you can always you can always manifest something. I feel honest as. I'm. So excited.

I'm. So excited too here's that link again and again these are free tickets. So uh and you can also attend virtually. So it goes right.

Asking not just sound insensitive how did he die because. I love his book. So he died as from side effects of the covid-19 vaccination his heart just gave up. But they're they're attributing it directly to the side effects of the covid-19 vaccine it's a tremendous tremendous loss um moving on uh.

Chris. Harding is there a particular way to switch from image to image to an image cycling you prefer no. There's. Then there's only two rules with image cycling a avoid ritual.

B be as playful as humanly possible. So whatever works for you can do a different way of in recycling every single day as long as you're doing your list and. Then you remove when things manifest you move them from your list and you add something else. Then there are no.

Hard and fast rules now. I add a lot of hypnotic and neuro-linguistic bells and whistles to my image cycling my version of the image cycling process um. But those are not things that you would necessarily see. Builder okay.

So what you see is my my version of what. I learned from. Bill. Ghostwriter says how do you use transpersonal planets in your spiritual practices other than um the kabbalistic astrological symbology that you often see as my background uh and being very aware of.

Mercury retrograde. I don't uh in the. Taoist systems that. I'm studying huge amount of astrology um.

But. I don't. I don't use it because. I don't have a lot of times when.

I'm out in the world. I need to create. I need to create an effect on the spot and. So.

I don't have time to look. At where you know what moon is circling my anus. First what moon is circling. Uranus um and to have an effect.

So. I just go right. To the most powerful uh magical practices or manifestation practices that. I know.

I don't worry about the moon or the. Sun or anything like that okay. I understand the influences. I understand the importance of it it doesn't factor into my way of moving through the world if.

I were going to be full-blown rituals and things like that um. I might take those into account. But those would be almost. So far down the line that they would never almost never actually um let's see here um.

Ivy red bean bunny assistant can. David taking notes anyone having trouble registering for a ticket by the way um if anybody is. Then uh let us know and uh call. Stephanie 858 -282-4663 um and have her email you a link um.

Superior complex says can you post a link to your recommended reading list. I'll have to go look. It up um. I know.

I have it somewhere and it's really extensive it's probably over 200 books by now it's just a stupid amount of books. But that's just how it is uh. But uh remind me and. I'll try and post it um.

I won't be able to do it right. Now. But. I'll post it.

Later on something good will happen there is a seven dollar book. Online. I find insulted okay. I have no.

Idea what that's about. I'm curious what's the name of the instructor in. Ireland. Plastering well the system the head of the system is.

Dr. Jerry. Allen. Johnson this particular class will be be run by two of his.

Tas uh uh the head the head instructor for that training will be. Diego. San. Miguel and uh.

I think. Chris. Dr. Chris.

I can't remember. Chris's. Last name. But uh he's a really good guy.

I like him he's they're both out of. LA um okay. So selecting uh well boy says. I want.

I want to watch online seems to just display a countdown timer to when the tickets will no. Longer be available it's just me how's it going. I don't know this is this is all new for me. But.

I'll take a look. At it um do dot the dot love dot jbug. I have used your techniques to heal lots of trauma and. I appreciate all you have given us here online for free my pleasure this is why.

I do it pay it forward go out into the world and make the world a better place make other people's lives better starting with your own that's our whole program right. Lucy says. I'm struggling with switching between states and creating the state. I want to go into what am.

I doing wrong. I don't know. I'd have to observe you uh and see where you're going wrong my guess is you're not uh you're not holding your posture and breathing. Mali from.

India. Namaste my friend love lip hi. David. I've been having issues meditating two years ago.

I could do it fine and go deep into a. Theta state. But for the past seven or. So months.

I just can't meditate and let go any tips what was going on in your life seven months ago chances are there was some kind of an abreactive process or some major life event that corresponded um with that particular top phenomena and if you can track it back you can neutralize it and get back to your full your deeper meditations this key place as you mentioned the echo technique. First of all what is that. Second any advice. I'm motivating myself to become better yeah.

Focus um. First of all the echo technique is to use a person's very own words as close to just how they came out of their mouth as humanly possible we have whole videos devoted to learning how to do the echo technique on planet. David's chat on on the on the channel by all means use them watch them uh motivating yourself start with the emotional motivation checklist which is um what do you want what do you want what's the result you'll focus on the result you're going to get rather than the process you need to go to get there and uh you'll be amazed at how quickly things change uh. Sarah.

Kelsey. Channel. I just joined the live how to attend the course um all you got to do is go to this link. David snydernlp.com forward slash free tickets best you.

Expo right. You have two you have two options you can attend live in person or you can attend virtually the tickets are free and uh it's. March 3rd fourth and 5th they've given me seven talks throughout the weekend. So.

I'm really excited the only place. I. I get nearly as much stage time is after. Hypno.

Thoughts life hypnosis convention bernardo's a big fan of. Planet. David uh and. So.

I'm looking forward you know. I hope things work out you know you never know. But uh let's show let's show the best you people just what planet. David looks like when it shows up in force.

I'm really excited about this like a best. David. Snyder flash mob right. Like everybody from planet.

David just showing up in there in whatever paraphernalia they have and. I think it would just be fun uh. Ashland is asking um hold on a. Second this is.

David's manifestation now something will happen always works for me. Jeff. Jeff is a a living breathing example of when you adopt this something will happen. Mantra what can happen um just standing up straight release stress it can for sure uh much more.

So than standing in a hunched or um distorted posture for sure well couchman says how do we train. Street armor. I think that's where your aura contracts into your body and accident. Shield that's part of it the other part is you have to build the density of the armor um and.

So a lot of people like wrap themselves in white light um from my. Taoist trainings uh and from my uh. Egyptian trainings. I have like the merkaba that.

I use which is a great form of. Street armor uh my gold and shield training which is another form of. Street owner that. I can use.

But it actually has physical benefits as well and. Then. I use the for the. Wu shin meditation which is a uh kind of like a medicine wheel where you spin the energy around you uh and you bring it into the body and it fills your energy fields and.

I also have um a process we call pulling down the heavens which. I'll be teaching at the best you. Expo um among other things. I'll be doing like a cross section of everything in.

Planet. David from the energetic. Arts to the persuasion influence. Arts to the manifestation arms and martial arts.

So um. So ashwin's asking would you know how asthma appears in someone overnight usually it's from a repressed emotion um usually grief sorrow or sentence. But in my experience these things are never overnight they manifest like out from seemingly out of nowhere. But they've been building for a long time.

Chris. Harding says uh. I learned. I see from you and it has been semi-indescribable okay.

Thank you man every technique harnessed is and has been used in the highest ways more grateful than anything thank you. Chris you are very very welcome that's all. I want to hear just people using it and getting uh somewhere is. God.

I can't get access to the food tank teeth either love to join has anyone figured it out again um there might be a customer service phone number there um or uh give. Stephanie a call or send her an email at 858 two eight two four six six three uh and let her know you're having trouble registering and and she'll see what we can do about about getting you registered uh vth or. VT. Haman says uh when you are start when you.

Next seminar in. London also thank you for all your hard work and material has changed my life thank you. So much that is. So gratifying uh.

I'm looking at 2024. um this year we're going to. Australia and. Then in. May and.

Then. I think. October or. November we're going to.

Costa. Rica to do another uh hardcore energy. Retreat energy training retreat. So for those of you who get the prereqs in and want to come hang out in a very tropical location with lots of cool people who want to learn really cool stuff that no.

One's ever going to teach anywhere else um come on down um uh. Ghostwriter says man what's their secret to your success besides amazing products being relentless having as much fun as humanly possible and finding that really works and sharing it that's really what it is if you know those things find something you love that works and do it a lot no. Matter what gets in your way and find ways to share it give value and and never be shy about asking for. Value in return okay.

Um. But a lot of the secrets of. My. Success are the people in that chat right.

There. I wouldn't be here. I would be doing the things. I'm doing the way.

I'm doing it if it hasn't for the the amazing people who who gravitate to this information you know and. So you are one of the secrets to my success right. I know that sounds hokey. But it's just how.

I feel. Patrick. Hollywood. Planet.

Dave got a little hashtag emoji and said uh hold on a. Second. Antron was saying does reading my motivational checklist daily help develop the state to achieve my specific goals it will amplify your motivation and remind you why you're doing what you're doing you still have to take the actions to get it okay. Cornelius says thank you for the free online ticket.

Cornelius you are very welcome my friend. Lucy. Pearl says thank you. David that makes sense since.

I had covered a month ago. I struggled to breathe prop okay. So you were asking about. James.

I think um let's see here. Kimmy says are you familiar with the. Silver mind control method heartfelt apology no. I'm very familiar with silver it's basically hypnosis and that's really what.

Jose. Silva did is he took. He took. Hypnotic processes gave it a new name that didn't have a stigma attached to it and taught it to people.

So brought up and. Then people extrapolated and built on those foundations good stuff right. Um. Patrick is asking when.

I get the crystals to do to do. So. I'm going to use the cathedral technique using the hymns boson for. Street armor and other things okay.

I'm not familiar with those things. But let us know how that works for you if. Ghost. Rider in the sexual romantic will you cover that too uh.

Ghost. Rider can you restate the question because. I'm not sure exactly what you're asking me uh. Rowan's asking how to get free tickets you go to davidsnyider nlp.com forward slash free tickets best you.

Expo um and you'll be taken to a page where you can sign up for free tickets or. I highly recommend if you can afford if you can come come hang out with us live and in person at the. Los. Angeles.

Convention. Center uh. March 3rd 4th and 5th according to says. I purchased your material in the past cheers thank you for your support.

Cornelius low lip hold on a. Second let's see here thank you for your answer one more question what's your opinion of. Carl. Smith from.

UK hypnosis. Academy. Carl is awesome. I.

I helped you know. I remember. Carl when he was apprenticing uh to another person and. I've watched him really grow and.

Blossom he's easily one of the most. Fearless hypnotists out there um failure is not an option or. Carl is concerned. So.

I have a lot of respect for. Carl in fact he's invited me to promote my stuff on his channel anytime. I wanted to um. I haven't done it yet just because.

I feel weird going into somebody else's you know. Pond and trying to be the big fish uh. So. I haven't done it yet.

But he's invited me to that. So. I. I think.

Carl's great. I think. I think he'll be very happy with. Carl.

I'd be surprised if you weren't okay. Benjamin grateful. So to describing the registered issue if it's for this if it's the same for all of them when you click on join live or in person. Then it doesn't give you the.

Next option to sign up. I haven't okay. I'm not sure how that works uh. Benjamin says yes.

I'm certain. Stephanie will help she's awesome at her she is the best um. I could run my business without her. But.

I would hate it. Stephanie um. So many. I meet.

So many trainers who want a. Stephanie and can't find one like. I'm constantly worried whenever. I show up at like.

Summits and things like that somebody's going to try and hire her away. But you know what she loves you guys. So much she loves. Planet.

David. So much. I haven't tested it. But.

I think she'd do it for free right. I would never do that. But. I think.

I think she's just. So passionate about all of this you know and she's literally for those of you who don't know she's literally the most powerful woman in the hypnosis world and. I won't. I won't elaborate why that is.

I'm just glad she's on our side. So um. Superior complexes what kind of marketing would you recommend for hypnotherapists looking for clients anytime you can get in front of an audience and demonstrate your skills best marketing there is period okay. Most of you um our long time those of you who are long time viewers of the channel you're here because you watched a video of me doing something in front of an audience right.

That's the best marketing you can have it's the best content you can put out audience based content versus talking head content has a higher perceived value. So go for that right. Like the stuff. I'm doing here is fun and it's exciting.

But if. I were doing this in front of a live audience exact same questions exact same background. But there was an actual audience you'd actually be far more engaged and far more getting far more value from it even though you get. I like to think you're getting a lot of value now there's just this weird little thing that when there's an audience a physical live audience present there's a lot more cred to it right.

Um any place you can get in front of live people and videotape it or live stream it that's the best marketing you can do okay. Because it's infinitely leverageable and that's what you need in an internet-based consumption based um environment everybody here is content is. King everybody's hungry to consume content. So the more you can do that the better off you are.

Trevor says don't be afraid to ask for. Value in return. I struggle with that. So often though.

I try to be as valuable to others as possible yes. That's where people that's where the biggest hang-up is is people are willing to give value. But very hesitant to ask for that value in return because they believe that somebody won't pay for it what's the in many cases the difference between a hundred dollar 150 watch and a 50 watch is literally a hundred dollars there's no. Difference it's the same watch right.

So again. But there is a there is a perception that the higher priced watch is actually a better quality you'll also have that phenomenal manifest when you charge more for your services. First of all you'll be perceived as having higher levels of skill and. Second of all you'll get a higher quality of customer you get people who are actually more likely to do what you ask they're more likely to get a deeper level of benefit from from working with you.

I don't ask me. I shouldn't be that way. But it is that's how it is the more you charge for your services the better your you are overall because you get better customers you give better service you have higher perceived value there's no. Downside okay.

Making it up in volume is the. Fool's way of doing it. So again. I've learned this the hard way from doing this from 20 or 30 years in in various venues you know and.

So get comfortable being uncomfortable and that means raising your prices. Mercy. K says hi. David thank you for this.

I'd love to know how you react in the moment when you see or hear negative news. I get pissed off for a few seconds. Then. I control my posture control my breathing and.

I try to reframe it for myself. I look. For the benefits and. I give it to the universe and say something will happen um.

Jeff says. I cannot find how to submit my online ticket. I don't know um that's the only thing. I can say is um give.

Stephanie a call or send her an email and see if there's something some walk around that. Amelia. Amelia is the uh is bernardo's virtual assistant over at the best you. Expo um.

I don't know if you'll get directly to her. But. I'm sure she has a workaround for it. Ghost.

Rider during the march convention when you cover sexual and romantic stuff uh not this time around um. I have a four day training coming up where. I cover the sexual and romantic stuff it's called attraction mastery um. I'll be doing that in.

February in. Las. Vegas. So if you want more of that stuff uh.

I recommend you sign up for that particular training car. Ward to. Dr. David can.

I learn killer influence without extra training um do you mean without having to go through prerequisites there are no. Prerequisites for killer influence if that's what you're asking if there's something else that you're asking uh let me know okay. Patrick we'll see you. Later registered thank you how do you get.

Stephanie for those who need to get to step and go to 858-282-4663 or you can email her at. Stephanie at nlpower .com and she will try to answer as quickly as possible um kind of coming into the home stretch here um if it would it be okay. For you guys if. I actually go through are you guys actually interested in the classes.

I'll actually be teach or the little little breakouts. I'll be teaching at the best you or should. I just keep answering your your regular questions just type in the chat what you want uh. Antron.

I would not enlist your wife's. Health just get really good at the techniques and focus on the things she's not familiar with because anything that you have she studies you with you're not going to use with it yeah uh right. I just posted the uh the email address for. Stephanie let's see red violet 182.

I guess live chat could help social desirability if a person an in-person audience is not yes. Here's the secret interactiveness is the key if you want to see how interact would interactive this looks like go watch my webinars right. How many times am. I am.

I asking questions am. I saying type yes. In the chat tell me where you're from comment type done when you did this the interactiveness the gamification of your content is what keeps people engaged the worst thing you can in my opinion the worst thing you can do is just have a. PowerPoint with no.

No. Change of picture no. Um change of of depth or dynamism is what keeps the brain engaged right. Um one of the things you want to do if you if you're going to do virtual content.

I really recommend you do not sit when you're doing your your stream you're going to have more energy you're going to be more. Dynamic you're going to be more animated if you're standing okay. Lots of little tricks to make this stuff super powerful okay. Chrisley is asking is the free ticket just for online or for live as well yes.

It's live as well if you're in the. LA area or want to come to. La for those three days this free ticket will get you um a free admission okay. Yeah the grocery says charging higher prices filters out bad player it really does it really does okay.

You don't have to you don't necessarily have to. Google it. Cindy you can just type. David snyder.nlp.com forward slash free tickets best you.

Expo let me give you the link once again it's the same page it just tracks you see. I want people. I see the reason. I gave you this link is because.

I want them to know who. I'm sending right. I don't know that. I get anything for it because it's all free.

But the whole point is is that. I. I want them to know. I'm supporting them okay.

So that's why. I gave you that particular it's got a tracking cookie on it let's see here okay. Uh cheers. I'll reach out to her.

Carl. Ward says. I'm just a rookie beginner start with killer influence uh we got a live event coming up in. January at.

The. Orleans. Hotel and. Casino.

It is the apps if you're if you're coming in for influence applications it is the absolute best course it's been named for the. Last since 2020. it's been the number one. NLP course in the world um. Chase use love the course.

So much he gave me one of his master. Behavior practitioner pins um because it was. So powerful when we co-taught spycraft which those videos are going to be available soon. So for those of you who want to see uh.

Chase. Hughes and. I co-teaching for four or five days um those videos as soon as we we get them back from the editor and we uh we pay him off. So to speak that'll be available for sale let's see let's put this out there.

I'm just going to keep posting this link until you guys tell me you're sick of it okay. Go through the class list all right. So if you just bear with me um we'll show you what we got coming up all right. So here's what we got coming up um oops let me make this a little bit bigger.

So. I can see it one of the. First talks we'll be talking for those of you who are interested in. Persuasion influence and really the the whole killer influence system the.

CPI system it's. Charisma on command seven secrets for inspiring anyone to believe what you say and do what you want all without lying cheating or stealing will be going that will be giving you an instant dive into the two or three most powerful techniques as well as all the other elements we notice we set seven there's actually probably gonna be more than seven gonna be closer to ten things that we're going to teach you about things like the echo technique how to make people believe what you say and do what you want how to have them hang on your every word how to uh make people want to do the things they just told you they didn't want to do right. How to make anything you say mean anything you want in the minds of your list how to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener how to capture and. Lead people's focus of attention to the exclusion of everything else um.

Then we're going to talk about um how to attract abundance clearing your energy field. NLP and the law of attraction one of the things that that we talk about a lot in my hidden. Laws of. Attraction course is that the.

Law of. Attraction isn't one law it's several different laws that combine to create the phenomena that most people talk about in this in this little crash course we're going to talk about the hidden laws of mental. Dynamics we're going to talk about the seven hermetic principles we're going to talk about how we can use. NLP to remove blocks from your energy field and accelerate your ability to manifest things in your life in the shortest amount of time possible from there we're going to go into how to read anyone instantly face reading body language and behavior.

Secrets exposed once again we'll teach you some of the master keys to being able to look. At somebody's face and know their personality and temperament and. Then be able to read their micro. Expressions.

But also to look. At their clothing their posture and determine the level of. Rapport and connection that you have these are again all things that we have much more in-depth courses on. But it'll be your ability to see how.

I teach and to experience those things for yourself. So that you can get out into the world and start understanding people better predict their behaviors and actually influence them to do what you want them to do or protect yourself from people who might not be the most useful people in certain situations it's a very powerful. Bernardo was super super thrilled about this idea uh the. Next one is how to remove locks your success changing your limiting beliefs and removing resistance from your life once again we'll be focusing on how your mind works how your proprioceptive nervous system and your holographic nervous system conspire to create blockages and how to remove those in the fastest easiest most powerful and effective way imaginable um we're also going to be talking about um how to reprogram your subconscious mind once again for health wealth success and happiness we'll be doing some more advanced.

NLP works and holographic memory work to help you accelerate your your uh mind and. Orient yourself on the things that make your life better right. Uh. Len is asking what is the.

Next step after killer influence can. I go on to vibration influence afterwards yes. In fact that's usually the best the best sequence is to start with killer influence and. Then if you're into vibration and energetics uh go into killer influence um we're also going to be talking spiritual power again this is a kind of a a primer on our approach to energetics and how to rapidly heal things in our minds and bodies we're also going to be doing some very powerful in closed doors meditation processes that allow you to connect all four of your bodies from the divine all the way down to the.

Earth level and. I've had people literally do this process and. Purge like negative spirits and negative thought forms completely out of their environment uh we'll talk about energy spinning we'll talk about color breathing how these things relate to your four energetic bodies and how you can use them to amplify your personal power. Charisma and heal yourself from physical and emotional uh issues well.

I'll say the oops. So let's see how do we spiritual power how to reprogram your subconscious mind how to remove blocked success uh how to read anyone instantly how to attract abundance clearing your energy field and. Then of course. Charisma on demand.

So all you got to do to get yours is go to www.davidsonlp.com forward slash free tickets best you. Expo. So. I went through those pretty quick.

But plus we're going to have a booth there all week. But we'll be doing like little mini courses little mini trainings and sessions and things like that. So. Sarah says.

I went to the website asked to go premium or. VIP and it's under. I think you might have. I don't know where you went.

Sarah um. But there should be a free ticket option on the page a lot of people have found it. So for those of you who found it can you guide. Sarah to where she needs to go here big thank you to.

Stephanie for helping. I think. Stephanie's uh. Stephanie's getting in the game apparently let me see here um.

I think the link. I posted is wrong hold on a. Second no. That's the right.

All right. Well let me do this. Then let me do the free ticket thing oh there you go yeah this is the right. Page yeah that's the right.

Page all right. Sorry. I had a had a freak out moment let me see here where's my chat there we go uh okay. Um.

Mr. Snyder is the goat-like. Capricorn. I don't know about that.

But thank you for that uh it's no. There is there it says 29 value. But it says free ticket 29. right. The free isn't as big.

But it's there. So which of the four energetic bodies and how are they connected do you have a video clip on that. I do. But it's not on my it's not on my public access.

Channel um. But. I'll give it to you here there's you have four aspects to you you have your your. Eternal.

Soul the soul creates a spiritual body which generates an energy body which generates the physical body we need to harmonize all four you know how would. I like to be addressed call me. Dr. David you call me.

David you know just don't call me late for dinner as they say. Aquarian hyra. I love your honesty. I try to be.

I think. I think. Integrity is important you know. I sometimes misspeak or.

I say things. I things don't come out quite the way. I plan. But uh.

I try very very hard to to be the guy who you can take to the bank you know. But thank you for that. Aquarium uh. Richard how can you treat depression anxieties regression always the answer more often than not regression is the answer to everything if nothing else is working when in doubt regress the cause has been my my go-to.

Ghostwriter says if you're not the goat who is them. I don't know. I'll take it thank you thank you thank you. Jeff says yes.

She helped me complete my request goodbye says thank you my pleasure all right. Uh. I've got uh five more minutes that. I gotta jump off.

But if you enjoyed today's live if you know people um who might benefit from uh from the information please send them to the uh. David snydermlp.com forward slash free tickets best you. Expo page and um and just have them grab their free tickets let people know spread the word you know. I'm getting used to this whole smash that like button smash that share button donkey says love you.

David love you back thank you uh. But what other questions you got. I got. I got three more minutes what do you got for me how do we obtain.

First you go through identity by. Design. Then you sign up for the. Next regression class uh we've got two this year we've got one in.

Australia um and we've got one. I think. Next. September.

So. I would definitely uh get into identity by. Design. First the live event you got to have the live event and.

Then go to regression training any. Canadian dates for trading not just yet although. I have to reach out to my buddy. Mike.

Mandel and see if he still wants me to come to. Toronto uh and do something for the my good uh. Northern brothers and sisters. But nothing nothing definite yet.

So. I can't talk about it. Fortune says just register for the free ticket thank you you are welcome my friend. I'm glad.

I'm glad we could help again. I want and again if there's if you can come up with any cool. David paraphernalia like. Planet.

David paraphernal wear it to the. Expo. I would love to see what you guys come up with and if it's really good. I'll buy it from.

I'll buy the rights from you or something and give you credit for developing it or. I'll give you a free um. I'll give you a free event for an idea that. I adopt um what is my opinion on working with external plant medicine oh.

I think it's great my wife's my wife and. I are both herbalists let me put this up. I'm trained in herbalism my wife is an herbalist. So.

I uh. I absolutely have tremendous tremendous uh belief in plant-based medicine for sure uh. Mercy. K.

I know. I'd love to know if you have one simple thing to do. First to break out of feeling stuck change your posture change your breathing remember a time when you were. Unstoppable we do those three things you're going to access the states that you had when you weren't stuck and.

Then you're gonna you're gonna be much more resourced. I like your worm yes. Your worms are interesting thank you does your wife got a. YouTube like you if.

So what about it no. For some reason my wife developed an allergy to all forms of social media. So to get her to even get on camera and wave for a half a. Second is is really challenging.

I am working on her because she's a she is a wealth of amazing information and she actually does really good when she's in front of the audience. But she's she's more focused on her. Clinic work. I would love to have.

I would love her to uh to to do more of this stuff because. I think it would help her on. So many levels. But she's she's got her own way of doing things and you have to honor and respect that.

Ashwin. Prasad says it's an amazing dialogue registered love you love you back. Sarah says how did you guys register for the free ticket couldn't get into it can someone guide. Sarah who's who who successfully did it could they guide.

Sarah through the uh through the process do. I offer classes or webinars on. Magic yes. I do um they are part of our vibrational influence training.

Silo and to get into those classes you need at least killer influence. I would recommend killer influence and identity by. Design and. Then going into our vibrational influence track that's where all the really really radical stuff that actually works and and all the all the gaps get filled in.

NLP helps too. But um really for um for the magical training um killable influence identity by. Design um and any other those are the two. I would really really really really recommend you have if you had hidden.

Laws of. Attraction and regression too that's icing on the cake. But you don't need those to do the magical training uh. Kimmy's asking you no.

Timmy you are the best. David. Snyder. I talk you up in any corner where.

I can almost get away with it one of my sisters follows you now too we love you honestly what you see is thank you. So much that is. So sweet thank you for your support. Kimmy and your sister.

God bless her um you guys really really do make my year um and. I look. Forward to spending more time with you uh we're coming to go stress did she get burnt by no. She never got burnt by social media she's just paranoid she's very self-conscious which was weird considering how confident she is she just not her thing you know.

I'm. I'm the. I'm the attention. I guess you know uh somewhere is gone is for people who are having a problem you may be able to register directly with.

Stephanie until he the user interface issue is fixed and. Rose says hi. Dr. David hi dead roses uh you're my favorite.

I'm you're my favorite you says thank you again. I just pondered on that everything inside of us and that we cannot trust an external stuff. But. I think it might be helpful okay.

Michelle tenoweth says you need to come to. South. Africa on my to-do list. Fortune says yes.

Please come to. Toronto we love you here we're working on it it'll probably be in the summertime because. I can't stand the cold is this. Live on.

YouTube now yes. It is uh people who are having trouble with the website you can still get tickets by calling who sent you just tell them who sent you thank you for all you do. David. So grateful for all your expertise thank you my friends listen click that link let me put all this information in the chat one more time.

I'm also going to put this in uh. I'm gonna put this also in the comments section below the video um 858-282-4663 philosopher says hi. David. I'm from.

Austria welcome glosso um an. English reminder. I will post it. I promise.

I have to get it from. Seth uh once it's posted. I'll post it in the comment section um this of the chat or for this video. Berlin is open too if you want it also on my to-do list guys and gals all right.

I love you all have a great day good night. God bless and we'll see you online that the best you. Expo killer influence or attraction. Mastery for those of you uh who are looking at more comprehensive events if you go to uh.

WWE. HTTP colon backslash www.davidsnydernlp .com forward slash events you can find our full events calendar in the meantime go.
