Title: sb_OL0OiHPY.txt
Video Id: sb_OL0OiHPY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sb_OL0OiHPY

Are you guys ready to rumble hello hello hello my friends let's wait for the there we go how's everybody doing welcome to how to reprogram your subconscious mind for the. Next two or three hours. I'm going to be your host your guide your. Mentor your friend and companion on a journey through the concepts that uh underly how we create our reality and how we can begin to change it and reprogram our minds for health wealth success and happiness.

I'm. Dr. David. Snider and welcome to my world won't you come on in.

First and foremost let's go before we jump into content tonight let's get some basic administrative stuff out of of the way and let's talk about what you can expect from tonight's webinar. First and foremost um. I am in fact an actual doctor. I have an doctorate in.

Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine. I have been uh seeing clients in my. Clinic in salana.

Beach since 2005 uh where. I've specialized in treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion which is pretty much everything that walked in the door from intractable and chronic pain all the way up to terminal cancer and one of the things that. I've been able to really uh ascertain uh in my journey is how much of the of a role the. Mind plays in.

So many of these things and how we can begin to extract these principles and use them to create really powerful permanent and positive change that being said uh. I know a lot of us have been zifi for the. Last 40 some months you know you know with the the covid years and. Then the postco years and.

Then. Ai and nobody wanting to really kind of uh leave their home to go out and travel and do things um. So the the best thing. I can tell you is that we've been conditioned to having webinars in a certain type of format this will probably not be that format um we like to do what.

I like. I. I lovingly call a a free form webinar what that means is uh we break that webinar up into three distinct phases the. First phase is the foundations phase it's where we kind of make sure that you're in the right.

Place that you're getting the the the foundation skills and principles that you need the experiences that you need to be able to actually take the information from tonight's webinar and apply it to your life and actually start making change right. Away. So that's what what phase one is all about phase two is what we call the um elevation or um leveling up phase the. Ascension phase where you guys make a decision for yourself um during phase one if it's something you want to take further we'll show you.

Pathways for doing that. So we have offers and we have programs that we put together and phase two is where we will be kind of outlining the. Next steps for us right. Because you know this is the scope of everything there is to learn uh in the.

Art and. Science of reprogramming your subconscious mind even in two and a half hours three hours we've got time for this. So my my commitment to you is to give you as much information and experiences and drills as. I can in the time that we have to to to give you hardcore real world uh solid things that you can just take into the world and apply uh and.

I will point you in the direction of where to go for. Next steps if that's okay. With you do. I have your permission to do that if if that's okay.

And you're you're up with up for that go ahead and type that in the chat otherwise for you it's going to be a real long webinar and. I should probably bring up my. Next piece before. I close in on phase three if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphor swear in or the word boobies offends you this is probably the not the best use of your. Next two and a half to three hours okay. Um my intention is never to offend anyone.

But. I have a very provocative presentation style from time to time and. I'm not afraid to drop the f bomb when. I think it's appropriate or it's just fun for me.

So uh that being said. I've talked about phase one. I've talked about phase two let's talk about phase three for a moment phase three is what. I like.

I like to call the applications phase phase three is where we take the principles that we've outlined in phase one uh and the experiences that we've ex we've had together and we take those and we build those into techniques specifically designed for the areas of your life that you as a group want to address. So some of some of you earlier in the chat were talking about procrastination others were talking about getting rid of physical or emotional pain sometimes people want to get rid of self-sabotage sometimes people just want to remove a limiting belief or a block to their success whatever that is whatever you want to focus on uh that's what that's what we do in phase three we literally take this set webinar that we've put together and we kind of pull out throw out the rules and say okay. What do you want this is your webinar what do you want to get from the the. Last section and we'll keep reminding you and giving you opportunities to to really pull the trigger and get the opportunity to work more personally with me and my team uh.

I got to be up front. I'm really really excited uh for tonight's webinar um which may or may not work out well for some of us because um my team and. I just finished um our. First live 3-day virtual healing intensive we had about 35 34 people um go through a three-day intensive where we did nothing that it wasn't like they weren't they weren't coming out certified on the other end they were coming in with all the problems that they wanted fixed and for the for those three days we literally just one one technique after another after another just clearing their stuff leveling them up and.

Then starting all over again and just finding more stuff to fix for those whole three days and um it was it was really well received people experienced a tremendous tremendous amount of value from it and because of that um we're excited about the possibility of doing it again. So if the idea of cert getting certified to do something is not what you want and what you really want is uh just somebody to help with your stuff you're going to want to stay on till the end of tonight's webinar because there's a tremendous opportunity there uh for those of you willing to take fast and and uh deliberate action okay. There's two ingredients to success the. First one is having an identity that supports the actions you want to take we're going to cover that in depth uh the.

Second one is in fact action the ability and willingness to initiate actions and take the steps towards the goals you want uh to achieve when it comes to reprogramming your subconscious mind you cannot eliminate action there are things that you must do there are things you must do repetitively if you want the programming especially in terms of. Behavioral long-term behavioral change you must do them repeatedly until they stick in. NLP we have this concept called a convincer strategy convincer strategy is the amount of times you have to cycle through a particular set of new inputs into your mind and body before your neurolog is willing to accept that change as. The.

New. Normal okay. People talk about lack of motivation or lack of discipline right. You need motivation to create discipline well actually you need discipline discipline and motivation are two very distinct uh phenomena both of which lead to habits and habits of thought habits of emotion habits of personality is where we don't have to worry about discipline anymore where we don't have to worry about motivation anymore because we we've taken that thing that we wanted to make part of our daily life or our daily behaviors and we've created an automated program that just keeps doing it for us we don't have to think about it anymore we don't for instance a lot of us um.

G use some very very earthy examples for you most of us don't forget to wipe our butts uh when we're done doing our business right. Why well because it's a habit right. We would feel weird if we didn't do it not to mention how dirty we'd be right. But you have to think about how many of the things you do every day right.

It's not that you want to do them it's just they were necessary and you done you've done them. So many times you didn't think about it you don't think about them anymore that's the process now for each and every one of us there's a set number of repetitions that we have to go through to get to that behavioral change. The. Way.

We. Begin that is by reprogramming the reasons for those behaviors right. So there are are very there are techniques that allow us to do very very fast deep rapid change and when we do those right. The behaviors that you generated to support those new those those old programs they they'll tend to change automatically.

But other things you're going to need to do a little bit more action you you can't ever eliminate the action step okay. Um and. But you can shorten the curve and that's kind of my job my job here is to shorten the curve for you as much as possible make it as easy for you as humanly possible. But.

I can't multiply zeros nobody can and anybody who promises you that they can do that uh is probably trying to sell you something and it's probably not going to work out for you. But that is my belief. So whether you consider that a limiting belief or not um. I'll let you figure that out that being said um this is the kind of webinar that that the more you participate in the drills and skills that.

I'm going to ask you to do the more value you're going to derive from the webinar if you're just going to sit there and take notes you'll come away with interesting information. But you're not going to get a lasting transformation or the steps for that transformation and what. I care about more than anything else um when. I teach in any in any venue or in any form or any medium is that the people in the audience whether it's a live version a hybrid version a webinar like this.

They. Come. Away with the ability to make a change that they've they've experienced transformation during the process and they've come away with the steps to actually do that that being said let's talk about interactiveness it's very lonely when you teach webinars and nobody talks back to you. So just.

So. I understand you better just. So. I know we're on the same page if you're brand new to tonight's training please type in your name where you're checking in from and what is it you want to take away from tonight's webinar if you're a veteran of.

Planet. David if you've been. B bopping around the channel. B bopping around the trainings or the website type in your name how long you've been in.

Planet. David and maybe the thing you love most that you either learn from us or that uh. Planet. David gives you that keeps you coming back.

L say. I will always talk back to you. David oh don't let. Seth hear that okay.

You'll be in trouble. So you got. Ian from. South.

Africa awesome. Matt four years love the support and love from all the fellow students excellent. Seth too late uh best. NLP training.

I've ever had thank you thank you excellent all right. Okay. So that being said for those of you who don't know who. I am.

I think. I gave you a little bit of my rundown uh tonight is all about the principles behind how to reprogram the subconscious mind. So um. I'm going to go into some information that.

I don't normally cover in in a webinar like this. I'm going to cover some of the old standbys like the emotional motivation checklist and things like that. But. I want to cover some things that maybe we don't get as much uh treatment in in some of my other trainings okay.

So um. I'm since. I'm somebody who hates. PowerPoints um let's let's just jump right.

Into um perhaps one of the most important things. I want to talk about are you in the right. Place. So are you in the right.

Place if you can answer yes. To any of the following questions you are in fact in the right. Place for tonight. So by a show of that's me in the chat how many of you would like to be more confident banish fear and insecurity from your life and maybe move through the world radiating a sense of certainty and comfort in any situation or circumstance if that's something you'd like type that in the chat if you'd like to move through the world being more assertive more dominant uh able to handle difficult people easily go ahead and type that in the chat if you'd like to earn more money in your job or your business or assign more clients go ahead and type that's me in the chat um if you'd like to nail job interviews and and cause anyone you like or anyone you meet to like admire trust you maybe even fall in love with you go ahead and type that in the chat it's not a bad goal right.

If you'd like to have the ability to inspire your employees your children your spouse to do what you want them to do to do what you need them to do maybe even get yourself to do the things you know you need and want to do you're in the right. Place you know if you'd like to be able to lead people more effectively this is a good place for you to be okay. If there's anything that. I have not mentioned that you would like to get from tonight's webinar when would now be a good time to type that in the chat type it in the chat what do you want to take away from tonight's webinar.

I'm gonna ask this question by the way. I'm gonna ask you this question multiple times throughout tonight's webinar because it's really important for me to take your temperature because as as you learn new things as you learn what's possible for you you may discover that something else becomes more important something else takes precedent or priority. Renee says all of it okay. We're we're cooking now all right.

So here's my go here's uh. I'm gonna jump to my. PowerPoint really really quickly uh and. I'm.

GNA try and minimize. PowerPoint work. But. I know.

I. I recognize that you know some people really like having slides and things of that nature. So just bear with me here while. I do my little screen share all right.

Um this is actually the wrong slide of. So if you stay until tonight's webinar these are some of the things that. I'm going to share with you and. I've already shared the.

I've already shared the. First one the two most important factors to suc to success it's not what you think or maybe it is uh we're going to talk about the rules of the. Mind the ones they didn't tell you about we're going to touch on body centered energy psychology in other words one of the problems that we have when uh we want to do change work is most of us are. First most of us are never actually taught an effective efficient way to do it and when we try to figure it out for ourselves more often than not we approach it in what my dad and my my grandfather used to call.

Bass. Awards short for ass backwards if you know what. I'm saying. So we're going to talk about uh body centered energy psychology as a way to get in touch with the parts of yourself that actually know what's going on what's holding you back where it is and how you can begin to trust the information buried below the threshold of your conscious mind uh.

So much of the things that screw us up are based on things we're not consciously aware of and most of us without help don't have a a a simple reliable way to un what. I as. I love when we call it aack and attack those issues. So if you stay with me tonight you follow me till the end.

I'm going to show you the most powerful methods of of self-exploration change and transformation on the. Planet. I put these methods up against any other system anybody any other trainers or teachers on the planet my. I don't you know.

I'm going to. I'm going. I'm going to pull a hoist. I'm gonna pull a.

Gracie. Jiu-Jitsu. I'll take on all comers if you can get changed faster than what we do here. I'm coming to your seminar um.

But uh. I keep testing. I keep searching and and. I haven't found things that are are more bulletproof and solid than the techniques available through these systems.

So stay with us tonight you're going to get a a bird's eye view of what's possible for you both on a on an intellectual level. But also more importantly on an experiential level we're going to teach you how to program your future or clear your past it'll be up to you which one you want to do. So that you can. Finally take control and get get the life you want the way that you want it by mastering yourself from both inside and out starting today that's on the to-do list as one of my uh very illustrious teachers would say now the techniques that you're going to learn tonight are part of an overall system what you're seeing here on your on your screen is called the identity by design process now.

I certify people in this process you can become a certified hypnotist or identity by. Design coach uh we do offer that. But one of the things. I've now.

I've now discovered after many years of doing this is that the vast ma a lot of people aren't really interested in doing this stuff for other people. First they just want to fix their own okay. Um. So what we decided to do was give people and that's where the the virtual healing intensive idea came from we just we decided to create a 3-day event where all you do is come in and.

I work with you as part of the group and we we fix your uh we do small group work we do drills we do intensives it was really an amazing time and. I actually enjoyed it far more than. I thought. I would because.

I didn't have to worry about whether the students in the audience could go out into the world and do this with other clients. So. I could. I could actually um instead of using the simplified uh scale down versions that.

I teach in in in uh the certifications that people can learn and use uh. I got to kind of uh if if you know the the concept of jazz where you you just start to. Riff. Off the uh the printed words or the printed music that's kind of what.

I get to do in these in these intensives and we have some amazing. Transformations for people. So. I'm excited.

But what we're going to be talking about tonight is the identity by design process which is seven basic steps obviously um in a two and a half hour three- hour webinar there's no. Way that. I could condense five days of training uh into this into this this event. So what.

I'm going to do is. I'm going to cherry-pick from uh this system and. Then if you're interested in just in the parts that. I share with you.

I will show you how to get access to the entire system uh either as somebody who who is certified to learn and coach in this or um an opportunity to work with one of my coach my certified coaches that. I've trained up or myself. So the. First thing that happens in the in the identity by design process is clearing.

General negativity now this is what's really really interesting is that people there's a lot of times that we we accumulate negative ideas thoughts memories. Impressions and we're not even conscious of the things we've collected. So think of it like. So if you've ever done any kind of cooking or baking think of it like soaking the pot before you throw it in the dishwasher before you have to scrub anything you soak it you get rid of all the stuff that would have you would have had to work on.

Anyway. But you get it out out in one big massive dump right. That's. General negativity clearing from there we go into what is known as specialized negativity clearing now one of the things that you're going to discover we're going to spend a lot of time actually tonight um on tonight's webinar on this particular level of the identity by design process because it tends to be the one that screws most people up consistently if you've ever had a problem that goes away and comes back or you have uh like say you have a problem that's like on a scale of uh on one to 10 it's like a nine right.

And you go to a practitioner and you go to work with them on something and and they work on it they work on it and it keeps going down and it keeps getting better and all of a sudden it hits like a two or a three or one and it just stops it just does not get better and it should you're dealing with what we call. Specialized rules of negativity. So let me talk about that for for just a minute you're. UNC there we talk about the rules of the unconscious mind if ignorance of the rules of the unconscious is no.

Excuse you if you don't know these rules um change can be extremely long hard arduous process. But one of the. Dynamics of your other than conscious mind right. Is it it's designed is to keep you safe now your unconscious mind doesn't need your conscious mind's permission to make a decision right.

Anytime any of you have ever been on a diet and 3 weeks. Later when you least expect it you're up to your your your waste in the refrigerator looking for donuts and beer or whatever is in there right. Your unconscious mind didn't ask your permission to do that it just went and did it right. Because it has certain priorities certain agendas that it wants to keep one of which is it sorts for what's familiar this is one of the biggest most important mental principles you need to understand okay.

And we we we're going to put a pin in that one for right. Now and come back to it. But one of the other. Prime directives uh that it has it's its job is to help you is to keep you safe and and its primary job is to keep you physically safe okay.

Now many times the emotional uh setbacks that we go through um the losses of a job or a business or a loved one uh in terms of relationships ending is. So painfully intense your nervous system actually believes that it's going to kill you that's actually one of the reasons why we develop trauma in the. First place is because because the the boundary violations that we experience are. So intense and.

So pervasive the neurology is pretty much convinced we're about to die and. So it goes into uh protection mode okay. Again. I'll put another pin in that we'll.

Circle back. But if the same problem keeps happening over and over and over again your unconscious mind will sit back and say wait a minute every time. So and. So did such and such.

XY happened. I need to protect them from this how can. I protect. So and.

So from the pain from such and such when. XYZ happens. I know if. I put a little pain there if.

I never let them in that situation again. Then they can never experience that loss or that pain and they're safe and. So what happens is you know. U to get a little bit more concrete for you let's say that you're an entrepreneur and you start a business and you build that business up and.

Then all of a sudden some. Calamity or some some miscalculation comes along and the business just goes bankrupt belly up boom right. So being the tough-minded entrepreneur that you are you know you pick yourself up by the bootstraps you you you start the process of rebuilding and you you start another business and you build it and you build it and you build it and you build it and you build it and all of a sudden poof a pandemic comes along or a recession or a depression or uh a real estate. Bust or something and all of a sudden poof it's gone again right.

Well after a certain amount of losses like that your neurology is going to sit back and say huh you know every time this person was in this situation they lost it and it hurt them how do. I make sure that they never experience that kind of loss again and in and its all powerful way other than conscious mind will say. I know if they never have another business they can never lose it and they'll never feel that level of pain again your unconscious mind flips a switch and now you know what to do you know how to do it you have the money to do it you know where to do it you know who to do it with and you can't get out of the gate you can't launch it right. That's specialized negativity same thing happens in relationships right.

You get through a relationship it's going all of a sudden poof cheats on you with the best friend or uh dies in a car accident or whatever it is. So what do you do you tough it out you get through it you lift you lift yourself up right. You get back in the game. So to speak you create another relationship poof that person disappears well after a certain amount of those the same mechanism is going to kick in your unconscious mind is going to say hey wait a minute every time they get in a relationship it goes bad this hurts.

I got to make sure that this never happens again got it if they never have another relationship they can't lose it they can't get hurt now you all know someone like this right. Someone who just won't can't connect or won't right. They push people away right. This is specialized negativity.

Last one. Last example. I'm going to give you someone's in a car accident or maybe they're a maybe as a young person they're a daredevil right. And they keep getting injured and they they keep going back to the sport or whatever and after a couple of these injuries happen uh the person starts to notice that even though the.

MRIs and the. CT scans and the doctors say there's nothing physically wrong every time you you you you go to a certain range of motion a pain starts or there's a little ache that's always there right. You're also in many cases dealing with a safety lesson why because your unconscious mind doesn't trust you to not do it again. So what it does is it says.

I know how to stop them from doing this every time they go beyond a certain range of motion they injure themselves if. I. REM if. I give them a little bit of pain that's always there or just goes off like a like a warning light or a check engine light on the dashboard every time they get to that range of motion they can never exceed it and it'll remind them not to do that anymore safety lesson okay.

I've literally had people who had back pain for years preserve their safety lessons and all of a sudden their pain went away because the unconscious mind says oh they understand they they they got the message okay. So we're gonna spend quite a bit of time whoa. I'm not sure if. I just we just had a.

Tremor. I just got vertigo. Anyway um we're going to spend quite a bit of time both individually or uh in part one and on part in part three of the uh of the webinar okay. Chainsaw says that serious specialized negativity sucks it does.

But it doesn't and let me let me explain that you got to understand something and this is another one of the. Prime directives of your unconscious mind and it's something that man if. I just. I just wish more people especially the educated ones would would would share this with the general public nothing your unconscious mind does is designed to hurt you every decision your other than conscious mind makes is designed to help you in some way from its.

Viewpoint and that's the problem its. Viewpoint is often radically different from our conscious mind want and it's that conflict between what we consciously want what we consciously know to be right. For us versus what our unconscious mind has perceived as right. For us that causes the problem you know very famous and depending on who you ask sometimes.

Infamous hypnotist by the name of. Dr. Milton. Ericson used to say that uh your clients will be your clients because they're out of rapport with their subconscious mind well that's actually true what that means is there's a breakdown in communication a communic a breakdown in communication of intent outcome methods we have have a conscious intent we have unconscious intents and sometimes they mesh and sometimes they don't that level two of a of the seven stages deals directly with that how do we start to get rid of that stuff right.

From there we're going to teach you state let me go back to the the diagram really quick by the way are you guys with me on this does this resonate with any of you guys type in the chat okay. All right. So again the more you you can find connections between what we're talking about and aspects of your life the more confident you'll be going forward with all the things that we recommend you do to fix it okay. Now remember specialized negativity is only level two of the identity by design process from there you go into what we call default driver state.

So let's talk about that really really quickly um. So default driver states which is right. Here right. Most of us move through the world um in neutral to shitty states with a with a harsh lean towards shitty.

States what does that mean we tend to be focused on negativity we tend to be focused on things that are not positive your nervous system has a 4 to1 negativity bias. So what we do with identity by. Design the identity by design process is through the processes of hypnosis holographic memory resolution neural linguistic programming and energetics we install mechanisms at the unconscious mind that put your normal everyday. State uh into one that is positive that is a positive state that that creates forward momentum um and those four states are.

Relentless relentlessness curiosity playfulness and victory um we'll talk more about that that's a longer process. So we won't have time to really do a lot of that tonight um. But we will uh that is part if you if you chose to to take your training further. Then you'll learn implicitly how to do that from there we go into internal dialogue internal dialogue is in my opinion one of the most.

Insidious limiters to happiness and success um that little running commentary in your head that's always playing in case you're not sure what. I'm talking about it's that voice in your head that just said what voice more often than not um those voices were installed in you in a time and a situation where you didn't have any defense against it and it was installed in you from people who you viewed as just below. God or as. God in your world.

So they were the highest. Authority that your nervous system could even conceive of and. So everything they said you took. In as true and after a while you actually created avatars of these people and those voices in your head to pick up the comary that they left.

So let's play a little game all right. Uh this is something. I normally do in the identity by design class. But let's play with this.

I want everybody to um just kind of chill out sit up nice and straight. I want you to close your eyes. For a moment and. I want you to listen to that voice in your head when you want to do something or you want to take a chance or you want to invest in something or whatever.

I want you to you know the voice that pops into your head. I want you to close your eyes. I want you to listen to that voice and as you listen to that voice. I want you to notice where is it coming from what side of your head is it on what angle to your head is it and just just kind of point to it okay.

Right. Now. I'm. Cur now and and when you know where that is go ahead and type in the chat where that is in relation to think of a clock face and just say is it at one o'clock is it at 11 o'clock is it at 12 o'clock where is it on a vertical or horizontal okay.

Maryann says nine. So it's here right. Matthew says nine 12 right. In front of me okay.

Perfect nine now when you th okay. Excellent when you think about where it is on the clock. So is it at an angle. But kind of like this where whatever side it's on is it coming from this.

Vector isn't that interesting that it's coming at you from a diagonal down why do you think that is why do you think that is child very good. Ian that's the relationship that your parents are to you when you when you're when you're this high and your parents are up here guess where the voice is coming from right. This is an important key this is something again even trained neural linguistic programmers don't understand this your spatial memory the way you judge uh proxim proximity. SI and location is actually the most uh developed and oldest form of memory that you have okay.

And. So this is why how many people have ever heard of a um a technique called the. Memory. Palace okay.

The. Memory. Palace works it's one of the most powerful tried andrue memory techniques on the planet it's literally thousands of years old and it's all based on creating a building that you go in and you put things on the walls and you put things in drawers and because it's a spatial application it's easy to go back and find it right. Spatial memories truly powerful now just for fun we won't do the full process here.

But just for fun close your eyes. Point to where that voice is in your head close your eyes. And look. At the space and notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color don't type this.

But what's the color. First impression now notice. I want you now to just reach in and grab that color take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all and. Then.

I want you to put it in the other hand and. I want you to put it in the exact opposite side of your head and. Then just listen for a moment and tell me what you hear if anything and type that in the chat. So just take it out.

P it in your hands put it in the other hand put it in the other side you can do it babble here nothing. So in other words it's not the same is it it's not the same or it's gone more most more often than not it's gone. But making it the opposite of what it was okay. Very good.

But here's the thing regardless of how it changed it changed didn't it think about that regardless of how it changed it changed is that can can change be that simple yeah yes. And no. The question becomes how do we make it long term right. Because remember.

I said the unconscious mind sorts for what's familiar. So whatever is their. First and longest is what it considers to be the norm and your your neurology is always trying to stay normal based on what it believes to to be normal and that's where the repetitions and all these other techniques that we're going to be talking about come in. But.

I just wanted to give you a quick understanding if you ever find yourself in a situation where you need to to to to be up and motivated and you got that voice in your head all you really have to do is change your posture change your breathing point to the voice take it out and put it somewhere else and for at least a short time you'll be good was that helpful was that useful okay. Now when. I do the full internal dialogue process there's actually a technique um you may have seen versions of it on. YouTube uh what we do is the induction.

But we don't show the the prep for that is called voice of authority and when you fully install that change to that voice everything about your life and your selfcon concept changes it's huge it's massive okay. So and. I. I found this out by accident uh when.

I'm working with with people in the clinic and stuff like that. I always knew internal dialogue was was a factor. But. I never realized really how pervasive that particular phenomena was to our success or failure in life okay.

Now again that's that's stage four of the seven stages right. So. I'm giving you little think of it like the sample platter. So to speak.

I'm going to go deep dive into special negativity if that's what you want um. But is this helpful is this is this giving you guys something you can work with okay. Very good all right. Um.

Finally what we do is we go in and we teach you how to just drain the negativity from from the memories of your past. So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better okay. So that's that would be let me show the the screen again.

So this is what we've covered. So far. So we we soak the pot we get rid of the stuff that the rules in the secondary gain we install happy positive resourceful states that make you. Unstoppable.

Then we change your internal voice and. Then we clear all the negative energy from your past. So that when you remember the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better and. Then we take all of this let me and annotate this for you guys uh we take all of this and we install it before your very.

First real memory. So how many of you are familiar with uh the a term known as epigenetics um as in. Bruce lipton's epigenetics okay. Your.

DNA changes as your belief system and your emotional uh environment changes. So what we do is we take this entire sequence of processes we go back to the. DNA level and we install them at a. DNA level through the power of your subconscious mind.

So that it becomes as normal a part of you as your heart or your lungs and it's always operating okay. So that's what we call the the remedial. U part of the identity by design process. Then what we do is we take the traits qualities and characteristics of people you admire.

So let's say that uh you love tennis and you want to be the best tennis player humanly possible well through a process called. Deep trans identification we can actually turn you into. Andre you know. Andrea whoever the the the.

Tennis. Pros are we can actually have you step into their body and live as them and imprint through mirror neurons their traits qualities and characteristics into the into you as a template that you can actually use to generate massive amounts of skill in the shortest amount of time possible you may also be uh hear this referred to as the raikov effect right. Uh the. Russians back in the day would would find would take music prodigies who are high by the way most prodigies are by the way highly suggestible um they would take these music prodigies and through hypnosis turn them into uh make them believe they were mozard or.

Bach or. Beethoven and. Then they would have them practice their instruments and their music lessons as. Bach or as.

Beethoven and as a byproduct of that training their their skills went off the chart. So think about it what if you could hypn be hypnotized into like you know being you know the. Next. Kobe.

Bryant or what uh you know whatever whatever hero you have and practice those skills as that person that's kind of where you're going with this kind of an installation okay. So that's the entire identity by design process uh and that's what we certify people in and how to do tonight we're going to put you guys through a few select pieces of this. So you can experience it for yourself uh we'll take you as far as we can in the time we have and we'll show you where to go uh to level that up would that would that be is that cool enough is that does this give you a little idea of what's what's coming your way okay. Cool all right.

Uh let me see here a lot lot of chatter in the chat there all right. So let's talk about motivation let's talk about the things that get us to take action remember that there are two basic um ingredients that you need for. Success the. First one is identity you need to have a sense of self and a belief system that supports what you want and who you are.

So let me give you a go to my uh one note now and. I will we'll talk about the belief systems for a moment um okay. So uh belief systems one. Second here we go.

Okay. So we've talked about identity as a number who are you what's yourself concept life experience your belief systems you have a hierarchy to them and this is actually one of the most. I think one of the most important things uh to come out of neural linguistic program there were a bunch of of really good radioactive pieces that. NLP brought out to the public this to me is one of the unsung heroes of of that system this is called the hierarchy of beliefs now what's really interesting is that um beliefs can be organized into spirituality and purpose in other words what are you here to do what's your mission in this life uh identity who am.

I what do. I deserve what do. I do deserve right. What is you know um who am.

I what can. I have what what do. I not you know what can. I not have beliefs and values what's right.

In my world what's wrong in my world how do. I know when something's the perfect. X or. Y or.

Z beliefs and values. Then you have capabilities capabilities are what am. I what am. I able to do in this situation or circumstance you have beliefs about these things.

Then you have behaviors right. Beliefs about. Behavior things that. I do in certain contexts or situations and.

Then you have environment environment is what what am. I allowed to have or what is true for me in this in this environment now all of your beliefs regardless of what level these beliefs exists on are built the same way that's what makes them. So easy to change. But there's an there's the thing about beliefs that we we we we get wrong.

So often is that we think they're hard to change they're not hard to change if you understand how they're built okay. So let me give you the functional definition of a belief in. David's. World okay.

The functional. Definition of belief is a decision that you've made or been given about the way the world is based on the feelings you had at the time combined with the information available combined with a feeling of certainty. So every belief that you have you e you learned it either through experience or from other people's experience people telling you things were a certain way that you didn't bother to go and check and test and verify okay. Are you guys kind of with me.

So far on this every belief you have is a is is was a decision that you made based on the way the world is right. But regardless of whether the belief is a spiritual level belief an identity level belief a value a capability a behavior or an environmental belief they're all built the same way from the same stuff there's a language that your autonomic nervous system uses to program just like we have languages for for websites like. PHP or or back in the day we were learning basic in. Fortran and all these other computer languages your organic computer to oversimplify the human the human system has a programming language that it writes all of these things in and that language is.

So pervasive that it also in many cases in most cases as a matter of fact also controls your physiology it controls what your body does not just the behaviors or the beliefs or the emotions that you have. But the way your body actually modulates its immune system uh creates disease or or eliminates disease it controls a good chunk of that too and if you understand it and you understand the. Dynamics beliefs are very very very very very easy to change the problem is a lot of times is we get. So attached to that belief that we don't want to let go of it you guys with me.

So far. I'm. G to. I'm gonna.

I'm not going to get super technical. But. I want you to understand the basic takeaway is all of your beliefs your beliefs have a hierarchy. But regardless of that hierarchy they're all built the same way from the same stuff and if you know how your system built that belief you can go and rebuild a different belief you can modify and change that belief right.

It's a very simple straightforward process a lot of times okay. So the other thing. I want now you notice that there was a an order to this. I'm going go back to the the picture really quick there's one other.

Dynamic you should probably be aware of the beliefs oops it's not what. I wanted let's just put that back the beliefs at the top of the pyramid control the beliefs below it. So if. I have a belief at the spirituality or purpose level it will automatically influence my identity it will influence my values it will influence my capabilities it will influence my behaviors and it will influence my environment or what.

I do in certain environments. But if. I have a belief at the capabilities level it won't change my value it won't necessarily change my identity it won't necessarily change my mission it will change the abilities that. I have and the behaviors.

I create and the environments. I can function in. So do you understand the top down concept of how belie how beliefs function yes. Or yes.

Now there's one more thing you have two for each of these levels you have two sets of beliefs you have beliefs you know about and beliefs you don't in other words you have beliefs you're conscious of and beliefs you are unconscious of it's the unconscious beliefs that tend to screw us up unconscious beliefs don't don't make themselves known until you provoke them until you do something that activates the belief either positively or negatively. So let's look. At this right. Now all right.

I want you all to think of something that you haven't been able to achieve just yet okay. Just when you've got that just type. I got that in the chat and. I want you to create an affirmation you guys don't know what an affirmation is yeah and.

I want you to. State an affirmation about having or being or doing being able to do the thing that you haven't been able to do up to now. So whatever that is. So let me let me let me uh organize or give me an example um.

I'll just add a piece of paper here um let's say that. I'm well currently. I'm 195 pounds and. I want away 160 okay.

So. I might say up until uh. I now weigh 160 pounds right. I now weigh 160.

PBS right. It's that simple. I. I.

I. I'm currently 195. I went away 160. I'm just going to create a simple affirmation a simple basic traditional affirmation that says.

I now weigh 160 now you do whatever concept what. I want you to do now is. I want you to scan your before you do anything else with this affirmation. I want you to scan your body okay.

And notice how you feel now. I want you to take your affirmation and. I want you to say it out loud five times say it out loud five times you don't have to write it in the chat. Liam it's okay.

Right. This is a verbal exercise. I want you to to to help you to understand yourself a little bit better okay. Now as you're doing these affirmations when you when you've done five at least said it at least five times just type done in the chat.

So. I know perfect done okay. So how did your body feel before you started doing the affirmation how does it feel now just type it in the chat nter icky okay. Better all right.

So now. I'm going to ask you to do some. I'm going to ask you to revisit the feelings you thought you were having when you were doing the affirmation when you were doing the affirmation how many of you a lot of you probably noticed that there was a positive feeling maybe when you were and the positive feeling was very it was more obvious. But how many of you noticed that in the background there was kind of this little icky.

Naggy not. So much feeling anybody noticed that oh wait even the ones who even the ones who found felt a positive feeling in the background had a little icky. Naggy feeling yes. Okay.

Good congratulations you just found the beliefs you didn't know you had you see the the feelings that are and beliefs that are deep in our system have a far off far away feeling when we're consciously doing affirmations our conscious mind is closer to the surface of our awareness than our deep our deep beliefs and those beliefs don't manifest the ones that are we're not conscious of that we don't know we have they don't show up until we provoke them and they're not usually provoked until we inject the positive side of that belief in other words the thing that that belief is preventing us from doing doesn't trigger the doesn't trigger the belief until we challenge it okay. So part of what we'll be doing in part three of tonight's webinar is showing you how to remove the beliefs you don't know about is that cool can we is that something you guys would like to do okay. Was this did this give you some insight did how many of you actually notice two distinct feelings one very very obvious very positive and one that was in the background icky and sickly and. Naggy and whatever this is what this is again most of us nobody taught me this by the way.

I had to figure this out from just myself and working with tens of thousands of clients there's almost always going to be multiple feelings connected to any any change you're you're attempting to make or impose the problem is is that we're taught to focus to to always focus on positive positive positive positive positive how many people here have ever heard of my jet plane and anchor analogy if you haven't just type never heard of it in the chat and. I. I'll give it to you really quick okay. So most people go through life with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back right.

And it's natural for us when we see a direction we want to go to try and put more thrust in the engine. So we can get there faster and over overcome the friction of the anchor. But what happens is when you try to put more thrust in the engine you inevitably create more drag from the anchor whereas if all you did was cut the anchor you'd take off like a rocket because there's no. More resistance right.

So when you are doing this drill what you're feeling is the anchor in the jet engine the affirmation is trying to feed the engine. But the drag because now you're pulling on it is what you is that little icky far off. Naggy feeling that actually has more power in your life not because it's far away. But because it's deeper in the system it's part of an older uh longer.

Li longer lasting part of your neurology remember the the neocortex the part that we think we operate from is not very old in terms of the body the older the part the part of your ner nervous system you're dealing with the more power it has you can take that to the bank. So one of the reasons our change work tends to work. So very very quickly is because it engages all of the parts of the body from the oldest to the to the youngest and integrates everything okay. So this is this is an understanding of how do we find the beliefs we don't know about right.

Now in in the coming programs. I will show you how to do affirmations that not only supercharge the jet engine they'll show you how to. I'll show you how to completely blow away the limiting beliefs. But now let's let's kind of change tax a little bit and talk about emotional motivation you remember on that list of of beliefs.

I showed you that there was spirituality there was identity and right. Below that were values and beliefs you guys remember that do. I need to show you the diagram again okay. Here's what you guys need to know about values and beliefs are values and criteria the values level in your belief system governs the rules by which you know something is good or not good in your world.

So for example if you and. I are having a conversation and you say that you're hungry and you're talking about fruit and. I reach into my on my desk and. I pull an apple and.

I hand it to you and you look. At me like. I'm nuts you say. I don't want that that's.

I thought say you want to a piece of fruit said yeah. I want an orange right. I heard the word fruit. I assumed he wanted an.

Apple. So. I gave you fruit my version of fruit. But they didn't want that they wanted an orange that was their version of fruit.

So when. I say that that level the values level controls the rules by which you know something is good right. And desirable it's for you that also goes goes right. To the core of your emotional desires and motivations if you want to become more emotionally attractive to someone in any context you have to stimulate their emotions.

So we call this the process. I'm going to share with you now the emotional motivation checklist there's two versions of this you'll learn the other one um in either identity by. Design or uh killer influence or or wherever. But this one is for us when there's something that we need to get done or something we want to achieve like say you know we're we're we're in.

January now. So a lot of you have got. New. Year's resolutions that you've made and you wan to you want to maintain true or not true okay.

Here's what inevitably happens with. New. Year's resolutions come um you know mid. December beginning of uh.

January we're like. I want. X and you you make these pictures in your head of the end result of doing and having. X true not true.

Then maybe like. So. So let's let's use a common one. I'm gonna lose 20 pounds.

I gonna look. Great naked right. And you imagine people just losing their because they see you in skimpy clothes or at the beach or whatever right. And you get excited about that end result and.

So you go to the gym right. And you start pumping iron or doing your laps or whatever it is you're going to do to have that body and. Then about a week two weeks a month. However long it is into that process you stop thinking about the beach body and you start saying to yourself oh.

I got to go do my laps oh. I got to go pump some iron oh. I got to lift weight oh. I have to.

I need to. I want. I should and in that moment you've stopped focusing on the emotional payoff started focusing on the tasks necessary to accomplish it the moment you make that shift your motivation starts to go down you start to get rebellious to yourself because you no. Longer see it as something you want something that's good something you've chosen and your nervous system because of how you you you're talking to yourself starts looking at something that somebody is imposing on you and you just want to go like this you your neurology just doesn't want to do it anymore okay.

Now this is something we do to ourselves all the time. But let me ask you a question what if it were possible to tap into. Unstoppable motivation anytime you wanted anytime you needed to for any reason even if it was something you never wanted you never thought you would want and what if it were also possible to get people. So emotionally fired up for what you offer that they would salivate and ask you for the opportunity to take it how would that change your life would you like to learn how to do that immensely.

Ian. Ian has expletive yes. Okay. So for this.

Next drill you're going to need a pencil or pen and a piece of paper all right. Now this this particular version is for you it's called the emotional motivation checklist okay. From there we're going to go right. Into how to level up how to get access to the complete system the programs we put in place for you.

So you can take this motivation you can take the the experiences you've had. So far and realize you now have a clear path to get all of it if that's what you want to do okay. Uh elae says total loss of control is not an option to me risk yes. Yet okay.

I'm not sure where that's coming from. But all right. So piece of paper something to write on now this works better or works best if you physically write out the things. I'm going to ask you to do you can type it.

But it doesn't have the same level of kinesthetic impact okay. So let me just pull up um my one note here okay. So everything starts with a simple question when you decided to log on to tonight's webinar there was something that you wanted right. On your sheet of paper.

I want you to think about what you want as a byproduct of tonight's training right. What is it you want to be able to do what is it what what are your long-term and short-term goals for the information you're going to get as a byproduct of the training tonight okay. And. I want you to physically write that out just write it out write on the top of your screen what's it going to do for you don't edit it okay.

Whatever comes up just unconscious mind always answers. First and it always answers honestly whatever comes up regardless of how grammatically incorrect or provocative or uh politically incorrect or socially acceptable unacceptable it might write that down for using my weight loss example if you say. I want to learn how to drop weight. So.

I can look. Good naked. Then write that down. I want to be.

I want to look. Good naked don't worry no. One else is going to see this. But you all right.

But be honest right. From there let me make this a little bit smaller we we we we'll step our way through this you don't have to write guys you don't have to write them in the chat you don't have to write them in the chat okay. Although. I could probably use some of those to kind of drill down all.

I care about is that you write them on your your own separate piece of paper you don't have to share with the class this is completely your and. Then one one of the reasons that. I say. I don't want you to share this in the chat is because when people know that their their answers are going to be scrutinized they tend to they tend to hold back and.

I don't want you holding back. I want you to throw out all inhibitions. I want you to throw out all limiters and reasons why you you shouldn't or or can't do something and. I want you to.

Simply follow my instructions and do what. I said okay. So on the sheet of paper write out what you want to take away from this webinar what do you want as a byproduct of tonight's training right. And.

Then. I want you to below that. I want you to answer the question what's it going to do for you. So using.

Elaine shared an answer uh eliminate my fear of people in public or even entering my home okay. So it using elain's uh answer as an example if you were to eliminate that fear of people entering your home what's that going to do for you what's it going to allow you to experience what's important about getting that and. I want you to write that answer right. Whatever it is.

I want you to you know write the answer to that question okay. Whatever it is when you've done that type done in the chat okay. Betty's done. Kurt's done excellent okay.

Good now underneath the answer to this question ask yourself the same question what's important about that. So you know bet you know using. Betty's example again uh fear of people coming into my home she wrote an answer to that whatever it is now as you look. At that answer what's important about that if you got that answer here what's important about getting it and.

I want you to write that answer and it's interesting that. I put. I'd feel safe um which. I'm not mind reading or anything that was from a previous uh training that.

I did right. But write that answer and. Then. Finally and when you're done type that in the chat.

Mar says done good beautiful okay. Good. So now ultimately if you got this and you got this what's important about this if you got this ultimately what's important about that. So we're asking the the what's important about question about three times and.

So. Finally ultimately now what you may notice if you're doing this properly is as you drill down you're getting progressively more emotional that's how you know you're doing it right. Go with your. First impression use the exact words that come up okay.

And just write those answers when you've got all three answers type done in the chat okay. Now for this one normally. I'd have you stand up. I want you to take let me get a prop here.

So you see what. I'm doing all right. I want you to take the answers you've written now okay. Normally.

I'd have you hold it up at about a 45 degree angle. But my screen saver is going to screw up. So. I'm going to hold it a little bit lower.

I want you to take out a. I want you to stand up. I want you to look. At the answers you've written here okay.

What you want as a byproduct of tonight's training is right. In front of you if you just take if you're just willing to take the actions okay. I want you to look. At the answers you've written.

I want you to hold it up at about a 45 degree angle to your eyes. And. I want you to read the answers to your question out loud. First of all scan your body notice how you feel right.

Now read the answers to your questions five to seven times out loud once again read the answers to your questions five to seven times times out loud and when you when you've done that have a seat and type done in the chat excellent okay. Good you guys are all done what changed in your mind and body. Yan says that's powerful yep yep you just tapped into unlimited motivation okay. This is also one of the fastest ways to find the beliefs you didn't know you had right.

We'll talk about that in part three okay. Andrew's done by wait this is also one of the best ways to get any job you want any time you want uh get any have a six figureure seven figureure business close eight out of 10 clients that come in your door. But we're just scratching the surface okay. All right.

How do you feel after reading it out loud five to seven times how do you feel type give me one or two words that describe the feeling empowered disappointed with myself okay. Like. I deserve it incredibly motivated how bad do you want these things now scale of one to 10 how much. AR.

El. Smith says like a god 10 wow why. So much why didn't you rate that less. I think you're all lying to me.

I think. I don't think you want it that bad. I'm busting your balls guys metaphorically speaking all right. So with your permission.

I'd like to walk you through some programs we put together to help you level up and get everything you just proclaimed to the universe that you actually want is that okay. Okay. Cartman all right. So without further.

Ado and with your permission. I'd like to talk to you about the secrets of. Personality transformation. Ultra mind control training for.

Success home study course this is a program that. I very very proud of it is easily the most comprehensive personal development self-help reprogram your subconscious mind for any level of success that you want uh methodology on the planet and. I challenge any other system to create the change in in in you as fast as this one will and if you're if you're looking for a way to actually uh create more money in your life. I know a lot of people get paid very very well to facilitate these processes.

So think about that as you're going through what we've got here um secrets of. Personality transformation is all about helping you take your life to the. Next level in in whatever way that really it looks like for you it's about quickly helping yourself to be to make more money it's it's a big one right. Now especially with the economy and everything else.

But money flows to value value comes from the ability to deliver value to people and asking for. Value in return and if you've got limiters going on identity issues or action issues you need to eliminate those right. So if you want to be more attractive and successful again it's all about who you are as a person and the actions that you take success in any. Endeavor comes down to.

Identity and action if you don't have the ability to change those things um you're you're dead in the water. So we're going to teach you about how to be successful free and. Powerful we're going to teach you how to remove blocks to your success become more confident how to actually help a lot more people starting with the most important person in your world which is you okay. This is something that.

I. I. I. I try to install in all of my students is that the most power most important person to help.

First is always yourself you're no. Good to the world broke you're no. Good to the world afraid and unwilling or unable to take an action you're no. Good to the world unhealthy.

So let's make you as powerful and as strong and as. Unstoppable as humanly possible. So that when you move through the world people look. At and say wow.

I want to be that maybe this person can help me too right. And by by becoming the living example of that you. Empower everyone around you right. So if you're interested in becoming more powerful and charming and charismatic and irresistible this is the fast track to getting everything you want in the shortest amount of time possible okay.

So. I put this together for you uh this offer is on a limited basis though. So it's only going to be good uh until. January 15 2024 at 11:59 p.m. tonight.

So just. So you know that okay. Expires tonight 11:59 p.m. So the secrets of.

Personality transformation starts with a 14 video program that covers the entire seven-stage identity by design process mind control training that uh. I outlined earlier in the webinar it goes it teaches you step by step by step how to remove the negativity you didn't even know you had how to get rid of those special negativity issues that just make stuff come back after you've gone through hen back to get rid of it and. Then all of a sudden it shows up again we'll show you how to fix that once and for all we'll teach you how to remove those voices in your head uh on a more permanent basis right. Uh and have a and and actually instead of just removing that voice to help you build a voice that you can put in your head that only builds you up that only motivates and inspires and and uh guides you like the the person who loves you most in the world and only wants what's best for you you'll have your own personal cheerleader inside your head telling you the best way to go about anything and be successful it's a $297 value.

But. I think if you think about the impact that that negative voice has had on your life that if you had one that was as powerful or even more powerful in a positive direction. I think you get the idea that it's way more than $297 as a value okay. Uh we're going to teach you how to install those four pillars of of default driver states that.

Empower you to be successful and will actually change your neurology and your perceptions of the world. So that you become aware of opportunities for a success in ways that your previous nervous system programming didn't uh it's really really powerful uh if you've ever heard of something called the reticular activating system uh you can start to understand how that might be true uh we're going to teach you how to sanitize all the negative energy from your past and move it into all of your positive memories. So not only when you look. Back at the past do you remember it in ways that make you feel good about your life the energy that you get from looking at the past now becomes supercharged and motivational and inspires you and empowers you to keep moving forward because there's.

So much more energy in the positive memories okay. You'll have a mind that tells you all the reasons why you can instead of all the reasons why you can't we're going to teach you once again how to borrow and install the genius and skills and abilities of other people who you admire and install them as a mirror neuron temp uh in your neurology that allows you to replicate those skills in a shortest in the shortest amount of time possible okay. Now remember there's two ingredients to success having an identity that supports the person you wish to be and become and the willingness to take action you can do all the. Deep trans installations in the world.

But if you don't actually get off the bench and do something uh that that potential never truly actualizes. So remember that as you go through uh this program with us okay. We're going to include the real world hypnosis identity by. Design uh facilitators course manual which includes uh all the principles that govern why and how these techniques work um special um worksheets that you can use to diagram and process map out each of the specific uh techniques in the manual.

So that nobody can use that manual. But you um it'll come with it'll teach you how to do instant and. Rapid hypnosis inductions it'll teach you how to do non- inductions you'll learn the transformational. Triad which is something you're going to be uh exposed to a little bit in part three of tonight's webinar um these are all included as part of this program it's a $418 value you're also going to get access to uh a very special online community in.

Planet. David we call that the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program um we'll talk more about that towards the end of part two.

But that's all part of the core package total value on that is $2,497 if you were to just buy it through the website. But remember. I want you to have the greatest opportunity. I want to give you the biggest bang for your book.

I want to hold nothing back from you. I want to give you every opportunity to get all those things that you just espoused and told the world that you wanted. So. I'm going to pull out all the stops.

I'm going to include these special bonuses these bonuses are designed to help you take the system even further and actually build a life uh that is just. Unstoppable and empowered in every way we're going to get you out of hell and on the on the fast track to the. Pearly. Gates in the shortest amount of time possible.

So what we're going to include uh is also the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study program this is the actual program that. I teach people who want to be identity by. Design therapists and coaches uh.

So that they can do this work with clients. So if you're looking for a way to make extra money you're looking for a way to kind of write your own ticket in this world and have your own business this is one of the fastest. Zero to. Hero programs on the planet this will take you from knowing absolutely nothing about how to hypnotize a human being and being able to hypnotize people anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason in fact there are people in the chats and both the.

YouTube chats the um uh. Facebook. Chats the zoom chats that were actually who've been through this training that were actually training with me in the lobby of a hotel that was undergoing renovation. Next to an active.

Jackhammer and they hypnotize people with 100% success uh and apparently. I have a typo. But don't worry about that for right. Now okay.

So we're going to teach you how to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere under any for any circumstance how to screen your client. So you know who's not going to waste your time and who have the the student the clients and the students that have the highest chance of success right. That's a big one one of the problems that a lot of fledgling neural linguistic programmers have and hypnotists and and coaches is they're. So desperate for money that they'll take anyone who comes in that they can that they can convince to uh to sit in their chair even if those people aren't good candidates for the change work you're doing.

I'm going to show you with a almost a 100% certainty how to make sure that every person that sits in your chair is the best client for you and that nine out of 10 people who come through your screening process will sign up as a client okay. I know that that's a big claim. But uh. I have again.

I have therapists and coaches here who have been students of mine who are using this system and it works like. Gang. Busters okay. We're going to teach you how to find and remove the hidden negativity that your clients didn't know they had how to clear up issues for them that just don't seem to go away how to change the crappy voices inside their head into a voice that builds them up and tells them all the reasons why they deserve things instead of all the reasons why they don't right.

We're going to teach you how to resolve all the negativity from their past. So you can clean that up and install the traits qualities and characteristics of people that you admire and that they admire and a whole lot more than that. So the total value on this um is uh actually a little bit more than $29.94. But we'll go with that number even though.

I'm under selling what's going on. Holly says yes. I was at that training um uh. Seth was at that training too okay.

Um we're also going to include for those of you who are into law of attraction manifestation and things of that nature we're going to include for you a very special program this is called the hidden. Laws of. Attraction mind magic and manifestation made easy home study program this is a program that works kind of hand and glove with the identity by. Design system and this will also teach you how to find and remove blocks to your manifestation health wealth and success that you didn't even know you had it'll teach you how to become more magnetic for money in fact um one of the things we did at the.

Last uh virtual healing intensive we devoted the almost the entire. Last day to getting rid of money issues um people were blown away how to influence people places and events remotely we'll show you some of the most powerful ways to find and remove the hidden negativity that are tainting your manifestation success how to clear up issues in yourself and others that just don't seem to go away uh things that aren't covered necessarily in the identity by. Design system itself will teach you a very powerful new. Yin formation method for reprogramming your mind uh and that.

Taps into the hidden powers of your belief system to generate all the reasons why you can do something instead of stimulating and activating and putting you up against all the reasons why you can't it's one of the most powerful hacks we've ever come up with and it's super super powerful you'll be able to attract things you want and change what you deserve faster than ever before uh we'll teach you how to clear the negativity from your past install traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people this was something that was a real game. Cher for me uh was that. I realized that naturally lucky people have about five or six psychological characteristics in common and if you can install and amplify those in the average human being their ability to generate more and more lucky occurrences goes up dramatically. So you'll learn what those traits are and because of your training in identity by.

Design system you'll be able to actually find locate and amplify those uh characteristics in your s and just move through the world with life becoming progressively easier and easier and getting more and more bang on for your buck and return on your investment that's what lucky people do um. Then we're going to teach you perhaps the most powerful manifestation technique. I have ever discovered this is called image cycling and there's a if you've seen the uh how to activate your manifestation machine uh video on our. YouTube channel that was the that was part of the image cycling training.

So if you felt the power of that the. Next piece goes even. F even farther and deeper and. I have literally me and my students both have literally used this system to manifest patly miraculous and impossible things you know there's an old joke that uh uh difficult is easy impossible just takes longer um with this uh with this particular technique uh.

I have found that to be true in my life more often than. I care to admit uh we have witnesses uh in the chat who have seen me manifest patently impossible things um and if you want if you want to know what those are um you can reach out to them through private chat or if you want to get uh me telling the stories uh if you go to our. YouTube channel after after you've got your your course you go to our. YouTube channel and type in funny.

Law of. Attraction stories and you'll hear me talking about some of the patently impossible things that have come about as a result of that one technique and there's. So much more available to you in this in this program we're giving this to you as a way to magnify your reach and and and flesh out everything that identity by. Design will allow you to do this is literally the fast track to getting superpowers if you're willing to take the actions necessary to to demonstrate deservingness of it it's a $1,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free total combined value of everything we've talked about.

So far is $5,499. But we're not done yet we got a couple more things that. I think you will find um really really powerful actually. Melissa this reading the power actually what will happen is when if you if you have a familiarity with with.

Murphy's stuff this will actually help you functionalize everything he's teaching you to a much power more powerful and accelerated degree uh some of the early books like. Neville. God which. I.

I have a profound respect for and um uh. Joseph. Murphy they all talk about the power of the. I am or the subconscious mind.

But they don't go into mechanics they don't go into like very specific methodologies this gets really really specific stepbystep things that uh tap into the inherent latent power of that neurological programming language and the vibrations and energies in your fields to allow you to take things faster deeper. So it's a great question and. I'm glad you. I'm glad you asked it $5,499 value.

But we're not done yet we're also going to include perhaps one of the most powerful influence programs um that we've ever put out for language now people might ask when they see the package like. Dave wait a minute you're teaching us about how to reprogram our subconscious mind and how to do use that to manifest things um the question become why are you te why are you offering me a course on persuasion because there's two aspects to manifesting what you want in life one is what we call. Identity or inner game we call that mindset right. If you ever said people if you ever go to type in um mindset and mental health and and and things of that nature that's what the identity by.

Design system is really about. But there's another side of that if you think about it from a inner game versus outer game it's the ability to express yourself in ways that make people want to do the things you want them to do that allow you to move through the world with less and less and less friction. So you guys remember the how you felt when we did the emotional motivation checklist and how you got excited and motivated this program will teach you how to make every single person you encounter feel that way about whatever it is you want them to feel that way about. So if you want them to buy your product or service.

Serv you'll find out their emotional reasons you'll tap into that you'll link it to what you offer and they will ask you to buy if you're if there's a job that you want you go in you sit down at the interview you find out what they want you link it to yourself and they'll ask you to to take the job many times many times even if you're not the best qualified for it we have literal proof in the you know people in the chat that this is true for. But it goes even beyond that this will allow you to do these powerful skills to in. Inspire motivate lead manage resolve conflicts generate love connection and attraction with anyone you meet anytime anywhere under any circumstance it'll teach you how to bond with people emotionally. So powerfully that the thought of not having you in their life to some degree is completely alien to them okay.

It'll teach you how to control your own emotions. So that no. One can control them for you or against your will for any length of time ever again and. Then ultimately how to take that emotional control that you've developed and use it to inspire and lead and influence other people to want to do the things that you want them to do if you've ever looked for a way to amplify and magnify your particular form of.

Charisma this is it okay. It's all ethical it's all honest there's no. Lying deceiving manipulation of any kind it's the most ethical influence system on the planet and it's the fastest most reliable and dependable way for you to get everything you want because you'll have people liking loving and trusting you in minutes hanging on your every word and you'll move through the world with a kind of magnetism that makes people just want to be in your aura to be part of your entourage and there's. So much more to that.

I've only begun to tap on into some of what's powerful and that's not even counting the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that turn everything you say into a irresistible compelling hypnotic induction you become the most charismatic person in the room in the chat room over the zoom call on the internet through your email if you write sales copy if you write information if you're doing presentations this will make everything you do. So fun to listen to and. So compelling you'll be amazed how you ever got along without it. But don't take my word for it practice these techniques and you'll be amazed at what they can do okay.

This is a $1,950 value. But we're going to give this to you absolutely free because not only do we want you to have the in game do we want to remove the blocks to your success and give you the mindset and the ability to take an action we want you to be able to take an action that has the greatest chance of succeeding and inspiring people to do what you want them to do in the real world not just in your head. So total combined value for this is $744 if you register before the end of the webinar there's one more area that that we touched on at the beginning of tonight's webinar and that was about belief systems now let me ask you a question what if for every single limiting belief that you had both the ones you know about and the ones you don't know about you had at least 14 different ways to change that belief would that be something that could have a significant impact in your life yes. Or yes.

If you do any kind of negotiation mediation therapy work uh client work of any kind sales and marketing what if for every reason or objection for not doing what you want them to do you received you have 14 different ways to change it in seconds more if you started combining them what would happen to the amount of yeses and compliance and willingness to to follow your lead that the people around you generated what would that how would that change your life that is exactly what this particular program. Renegade reframing is designed to do it's designed to give you the power and the ability to change any belief or overcome any objection or win any argument literally in just minutes it is one of the most powerful conversational tools on the planet um and it's a lot of fun to learn when you do it the way we teach it. So if if this would be something that you might find useful uh what would now be a good time to click any links that show up in your chat very very soon it's a $1,950 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you grab your your course before the end of the webinar $939 value combined value go ahead and click those links if you want to. So let's just review exactly uh what we're doing uh you're going to get the 14 video plus manual seven-stage identity by design process this is called the secrets of.

Personality transformation this is a self transformation program this is not the difference between uh personality transformation and and the hypnotherapy certification is that the personality transformation program is designed for you to use on yourself bonus number two real world identity by. Design hypnotherapy certification is designed for you to do with clients. So there's a lot more more client and professional training in that program than there is in the self-development program the 2497 program. So between those two you not only have the ability to help yourself you now have the ability to open a business go out and actually start changing people's lives uh for the better it's $1,497 value the.

Second bonus hidden. Laws of. Attraction uh mind magic and manifestation master class this is now how you can start to leverage all the transformations that you've made uh through identity by. Design and through personality transformation and now start tapping into the the nonlocal and.

Quantum effects uh to pull uh good good good things into your life to manifest more abundance more love more uh safety uh security um excitement and romance whatever whatever it is you want to manifest more of this will allow you to leverage that. So $1,497 value again we're going to include these abs these bonuses abs absolutely free for you including the stealth. CPI level one universal persuasion protocol it's a $1,950 value and of course the. Renegade reframing uh home study course that allows you to just take any belief from any.

Source any argument from any. Source um any objection from any source and instantly change it right. When. I when.

I do my my my weekly coaching and. I and we reach this particular module. I literally have all of my students students write down every limiting belief they know they have and as. I teach them these reframe patterns.

I have them attack their own limiting beliefs with these reframes and in seconds they can't go back to the old belief anymore it completely frees your mind to make powerful changes as a it's just a byproduct of the process right. Total value here is 9,391. So obviously as you know from past webinar experience. I'm not.

I'm not going to make you pay you know $939 right. I want you to have every opportunity. I want to eliminate every excuse that you have it's too it costs too much it takes too long it's too expensive all right. If you're not going to do this what do you going to do instead what what what what other program will give you this kind of.

Bang free. Buck. I don't. So.

I'm not going to charge you 93 9391. I'm not going to charge you 6347 heck. I'm just going to skip right. To the right.

To the nitty-gritty here if you want this program right. Um all you need to do is give is invest one small installment at 99.97 you'll get everything okay. Uh if you need a little extra help we can do that break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each right. Um changing everything about your life has never been faster or easier right.

If you want the. Next. However. However long you've been on this planet take that number if you want the.

Next number of years to be the same as before keep doing what you're doing right. But if you want something more if you want something better if you're ready to make a change now click that link in your in your chat go to www.lpower.com slind click the link. NLP power uh.com just click that link let us get you in the funnel and really start helping you walking you through the change workor process clearing those most limiting beliefs removing the blocks to your success dissolving the fear from your life the emotional pain and suffering you've been carrying around all of those things are temporary they can go away if you're willing to take the action like. I said.

I can't want it more than you do. So go ahead and click your link and go ahead and grab your program if you have any questions at all about this moss and. Mia are available both in the chat they're available at our custom. CER service line you can you can email them as well although.

I. I would recommend you call them directly or email them directly or talk to them directly through chat because there is a limiter on this it expires at 11:59 p.m. tonight. So if you don't want to miss these amazing opportunities for yourself go ahead and and click that link right. Now reserve your spot and uh we're going to keep going okay.

Uh go ahead and click that link npower.com you can go ahead and type it into your into your. U address bar if the. Link's not working properly uh now for those of you who are on the fence. I want to tell you right.

Now that you have absolutely zero risk for this okay. I. I'm gonna. I'm more than happy to put my money where my mouth is click that link test drive this program for 60 days hell if if within 30 days you're not on the fast track if you're not removing blocks to your success if you're not on the fast track to creating more abundance in your life if you're not feeling better about yourself in the world and and having more confidence in any situation let us know if we can't walk you through the sticking points and get you back on track we'll refund your money take a full 60 days to test drive that program if at the end of 60 days you're not getting the results we're talking about if we're not in fact if you fact realize that we actually under promoted what this program is capable of doing we'll give you your money back because again if it's not working for you.

I want want you to find something that does. But. I know. I know from hundreds if not thousands of people who have gone through this program now that it does work and it works really fraking well.

So your satisfaction is guaranteed or. I will refund every dime you've invested all you got to do is click that link right. Now npower.com. So go ahead and do that click your links right.

And if this wasn't enough already for those of you who are early adopters for those of you who know that the victories go to the people who take action. I want to reward that. I want to give you these fast action bonuses the. First one we're going to give you is the opportunity to train at the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and. Practice. Group this is a three-month trial membership and what that is is on the.

Third. Saturday of every month we all get together either virtually or in person or both. I literally go around the room and. I say say uh.

Frank what do you want to learn uh. Rita what do you want to learn uh. Moss. Seth what do you want to learn.

Holly what do you want to learn um. Stephanie what do you want to learn and. I just go around the room and. I figure out what it is that people want to focus on.

I. I look. At what they've written on the board all the. Connecting.

Threads and. Then for the. Next four to five hours. I drill you personally on those skills until you can do them in this in your sleep at the end of those four or five hours you go out into the world and you actually uh apply those skills you come back.

Next month and. I do the same thing what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn we look. At what people want to focus on for that that training period and we just drill down until you can do those skills you will not get a certificate from the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group what you will get is something dramatically dramatically more important two things actually you will get the. Hands-On training and practice and feedback that you need to be able to do these things in the real world in real time on real human beings who haven't had the same training you have the.

Second thing and probably as powerful if not more. So is you'll be surrounded by people just like you you'll be surrounded with a community of people who want the same things you want who want to get good at the same things you want to get good at and who are willing to help and support and encourage each other to practice and drill okay. That's what the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program is all about one of the things. I am most proud of both through our. YouTube channel our. Facebook.

Groups our website as well as the the. Cadre of people who come to the. Live. Events is the amazing quality of the people in it how supportive accepting and open that they are how skilled they become.

So quickly and. I want you to be part of that. I want you to experience that for yourself right. So in during your three-month trial period you'll get to rub elbows with these people interact with them they'll be there to support you to help you and vice versa and the best part is in case you were wondering this isn't a.

Fly by. Night program we've been running this program ladies and gentlemen every month month after month since 2010 20 uh 2010 or. October 10th 202010. I'm sorry 2010.

I'm. I'm getting a little uh. FL uh whiffy. I guess the.

Heat's getting to me. But um and we videotaped every single one of these training sessions. So as an extra bonus for the. Third for the 90 days that you're a trial member you get unlimited access to the entire 13-year video archive video that's never been shown on.

YouTube never been released as a product and it covers the full spectrum of everything we do in plan. David from face reading to uh accelerated learning to trauma resolution to language patterns to dating and attraction skills. Law of. Attraction skills psychic abil psychic development um.

God what. NLP skills um identity by. Design training it's it's all there right. Advanced energetics and meditative practices that that connect you more fully to your higher higher self and and the.

Divinity. So much right. It's it's something that we we we really really proud of and for the 90 days that you're part of this program you'll be able to watch every single video that's available in the archives if after 90 days you decide that you've gotten what you needed and you want to move on do nothing if you decide you want to stay part of the planet. David.

Community you love what you're learning you want continued access to these materials let us know we'll show you how to extend your membership okay. Um according to. Seth my my arithmetic is wrong the actual accumulated value here is uh $1,988. So it's actually more valuable than.

I've stated. So uh. I should probably have. Seth go over my.

Powerpoints and and redo my numbers. So. I don't have to keep hearing him correct me in the chat. Anyway um the.

Next bonus. I want to give you and this is for people who are are kind of like me a little bit on the impatient side we're going to throw in a special copy of my stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is a a very distilled concentrated uh course that's designed to teach you how to get out into the world and interacting and hypnotizing people during normal conversations tonight literally you could download this program tonight watch two hours of video and be out in the world doing this stuff on live human beings in real time it's got some extra bonus videos on hypnotic uh anchoring um uh hypnotic hot buttons the three magic questions protocol which is the fastest way to take someone from complete stranger to uh deep deep connection bordering on love in as little as 20 minutes. I think there's a video in there on lie detection uh as well as the most powerful language patterns that exist uh it comes with manuals it comes with transcripts it comes with. MP3s that you can listen to while you're driving uh.

So that you can take your learning anywhere it's a $997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free total combined value is $1,075 uh. But we're not done yet we're not done yet for those of you who like the idea of total immersion for those of you who want to spend as much time with me in person as humanly possible for those of you who click this link right. Now we are going to include a free. VIP super ticket to our.

Next identity by. Design live training scheduled for. March uh 21st through the 25th 5 2024. I believe those are the dates uh here in.

San. Diego now this is limited to the. Next 21 people who clicked that link now that's why. I said you might want to get a head start on this it's a $3,150 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free this is five days in a room with me doing the drills getting the skills learning to embody these abilities and going out into the world and practicing in real time on live human beings you'll go through the all the change processes from uh from the recipient side as well as from the operator side you'll be able to remove.

General negativity the things people don't even know that you have you'll be able to remove all that specialized negativity all the things that are holding you back that you didn't realize were holding you back you'll be able to to program in your default driver. States you'll learn instant and. Rapid hypnosis inductions you'll be introduced to your. First regression style technique called the gift you'll learn about um how to remove all the negativity from your past how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people you truly admire and.

So much more it's not uncommon when we do these things to do special um bonus night sessions where we cover special topics we don't normally cover in the regular curriculum you learn how to screen clients to know who is going to be your best client and have them salivating to work specifically with you versus who you need to throw back and let other people be and let them be other people's problems this is the most powerful concentrated way to embody skills that will change every aspect of your life anytime you choose to use them for the rest of your life if you're willing to use them it's a $3,150 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because you raised your hand you clicked that link and you chose to be the person you want to be instead of the person that the family and the church and the society and the school system conspired to make you this is your chance at. Freedom. So if this is something that's important to you one would now be a good time to click that link and if if that wasn't enough let me tell you a few things about this. VIP ticket that most people don't know this.

VIP super ticket does not expire. So we have a training coming up in. March. But let's say for whatever reason you can't make that training well that's not a problem you're in our.

VIP database all you got to do is let. Moss or. Mia know that you can't make it we'll move you to the. Next identity by.

Design training you have this ticket until you trade it in now let's say that you don't want to go to identity by. Design well and there's another 5-day training that you'd like to go to let us know and we'll swap it out for you okay. Uh usually these. VIP tickets are very event specific.

But there is some flexibility. So reach out to. Moss or me and. I'll let you know what's possible for you let's say you've already had identity by.

Design in person and you don't want to come back for a refresher. But you know somebody else who would love to be there you can gift them this ticket and they can come in your place and get the benefits of this 5-day live train training with me right. Uh and many times. I pull people right.

Out of the audience and. I fix their stuff right. In front of everybody. So uh it's a great way to do that uh let's say a month from now we decide to raise the price of the identity by.

Design training if you're a. VIP ticket holder you don't pay a dime you go right. To the front of the room if you want to and doesn't matter if we charge $10,000 for that ticket for that don't you know you don't you get to come for free. Okay.

Um. So it doesn't inspire you can trade it give it to somebody and it guarantees that you will never pay more for your training okay. Um if for some reason the training you want to go to is sold out. But you have a.

VIP ticket we'll make an extra seat for you you just got to let us know you're coming okay. So total value on this it's a $3,150 value if you at the door we're going to give this to you for free. So the total combined value of the package that we're giving you was $4,225 now is that a good deal to get $4,225 worth of training and interaction with me for less than less than $ thousand doll would it change your life let me ask you another question what would it be like if you could spend three days with me as your therapist with me guiding you through change after change after change process. So that you can be the best version of yourself and you can become fully empowered to live the life you want the way you want it the reason.

I'm saying that this is an unannounced bonus for those of you who click this link now. I will also gift you a free. VIP ticket to our. Next secrets of self- transformation virtual healing.

Retreat this is the this is the training we just finished yesterday we have a bunch of our attendees in the chats right. Now if you guys who are attended the the the virtual healing. Retreat would you just type in one or two words for how what this did for you. So people know the power of what you went through this is three days with me guiding you as a group through transformation after transformation after transformation every now and.

Then. I'm going to pull one out of the crowd and. I'm just going to fix your right. In front of everybody right.

It's an amazing amazing opportunity this is not going to make you a practitioner this is me being your group therapist for three days me walking you through one change workk process after another. So that you can set yourself free it's a $2,497 value we're going to bonus this to the. Next 15 people only who click this link and. I'll tell you right.

Now that uh we usually cap this between 21 and 30 people uh we've already promised 12 slots to uh one of the ladies who attended she runs a podcast she's going to be offering that to her her audience uh we've had a bunch of people who were from the. Last one already sign up. So this is your probably one and only chance to grab this ticket for this um this price or for free right. Now.

So again we're going to eliminate self-sabotage we're going to heal your physical and emotional pain we're going to show you how to remove blocks to success we're going to find and remove the hidden negativity you didn't know you had we're gonna we're going to work together to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away we're going to help change that crappy voice inside your head resolve your negativity and get in touch with your true self and much much more now if you look. At the total value of everything we've just talked about you've got the the secret a personality transformation home study program you've got all the fast action bonuses the the. VIP ticket the live. Retreat total value of this package is $1,722.

I don't know that. I'm ever going to do this this big a package with this many live opportunities again um. I kind of was conflicted about doing it this time. But.

I figured hey a lot of people didn't take advantage of the. December issue. I'm going to give you one. Last shot at this right.

So again this is your chance to get if you think about five days of identity by. Design training combined with three days of me being your personal therapist in a group setting that's eight days of me working with you. So click your link right. Now $ 6,722 value you'll get the secrets of.

Personality transformation home study course $24.97 you get the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1,497 we're going to give that to you free you're going get the hidden laws of. Attraction manifestation mind control home study course $1,497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free the stealth. CPI.

Universal persuasion system it's a $1,950 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing uh objection uh obliteration home study course conversational belief change home study course $1,950 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. NL 3month trial membership to the n. L power.

Mastermind mentoring program it's a $1,597 value you're going to get that for free you're going to get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course. I can't believe. I'm doing this. U $997 value absolutely free the.

VIP super ticket to the identity by. Design hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification program $3,150 value absolutely free and. Finally the cherry on the. Sunday guys you get three days with me guiding you through one healing process after another the self transformation virtual healing intentive this is completely online you don't have to travel anywhere it's a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free total value $16,728 you get it all for this one installment at $997 or if you need to three easy installments of 397 all you got to do is click that link in your chat right.

Now now go to. NLP power.com slind. NLP power.com slm n d click that link now before it's too late these are going to go fast now. I'm going to warn you about a couple of things these fast action bonuses everything from the.

NLP power. Mastermind to the. VIP tickets to the live intensive that's only available while. I'm live on the webinar it's only available if you're a first-time buyer if you if you're you're not a first-time buyer for a webinar package call.

Moss and. Mia they'll let you know what's available to you okay. Um you still can participate in the healing intensive. But it's a different process um also uh what was.

I gonna say um yeah if if when when. I log off the webinar the fast action bonuses go away the core offer which is the. Renegade reframing the identity by. Design.

C stealth. CPI personality transformation those are available until 11:59 p.m. tonight if you call and you have questions reach out to. Moss right. Now reach out to.

Mia right. Now and get your name and contact information in the system because if your contact information is in our system that you called about this offer you will qualify for the bonuses. But if you just call you get the voicemail or you send an email and you don't leave way to get for us to get a hold of you you will not qualify for these bonuses. So if you want the.

VIP ticket for identity by. Design if you want to participate in the virtual healing intensive you got to click that link right. Now okay. When.

I log off it's done okay. So. I'm. GNA let you guys handle that we're going to give you guys about a seven or eight minute break to go to the restroom uh replenish your coffee and chocolate supplies when we come back we're going to begin part three which is where we start to drill down and start the application.

Phase we're going to start helping you find and remove the beliefs you didn't know you have we're going to get rid of help you get rid of those once and for all we're going to show you how to do other things other applications that you specifically want to focus in on and we'll just spend the rest of our time together. Drilling and. Skilling and doing cool things okay. So go ahead click that link now and uh go ahead and make it happen for yourself okay.

I'll see you in about seven minutes all right. Folks we got about one minute until um our break is up uh in that one minute or. So do you guys have any any quick questions that. I can answer for you please click that link because.

I want to help you. I want to work with you and the only way. I can do that is to get is to get into a relationship with you beyond the webinar. So help me help you click the link right.

Now let's get on the fast track to transforming your lives into everything you want them to be okay. All right. Let me go ahead and ex open my chat not my chat window. But my my expand my screen.

So. I can see all of your lovely shining bright. Happy faces and uh oops all right. So for those of you who are still with us.

I want you to think about the things that you want to apply these skills for what is it in terms of reprogramming your subconscious mind what is it you want to be able to do what do you want us to what do you want us to focus on for the. Next 30 minutes or 40 minutes or an hour or. So what what techniques would make everything you've invested in tonight worth your time energy and effort go ahead and type it in the chat don't be bashful okay. This is a majority vote and.

So. I will organize the things we focus on based on what you as an aggregate want to learn and. I'm also paying attention to uh my my wonderful family over on our. YouTube side of the world they are.

So awesome everyone over there uh is just. So loving and. So excited and and positive um and. I just wanted to shout out to you guys and say.

I am. So grateful for each and every one of you um for the community you've you you've all built we've all built together um and for you for being part you are the most important parts all of you are the most important parts of planed. David it's not me. I'm just.

I'm just a figurehead. But it's really the quality of you guys um who who really are on a shared mission to just become your best versions of yourself and support one another and express yourselves. So. Ian's talking about limiting beliefs okay.

We can work with that what else what else you got how let go of. Li oh okay. We got same thing in. YouTube we've got people breaking rewatching.

IBD. Cyprus wow the differences yeah voice of authority oh if. I do voice of authority uh no. Nobody's doing anything for a while after that that's a that's a heav that's a heavy duty induction.

I mean there there are people in the in in the veterans here will tell you the crazy that happens when you do voice of authority. So. But you have been hurt. Andrew what else.

I've only got two people that oh now. Ian wants to do voice of authority. I shouldn't have said that instant inductions it's hard to do instant inductions over a webinar procrastination getting rid of limiting beliefs okay. You did and and you were heard.

Andrew it's 4 a.m. So. I okay. Okay.

I'm seeing limiting beliefs all right. Very cool procrastination all right. I'm seeing a theme future pacing okay. Um how to listen to intuition okay.

The big the big winner. So far of all of from both sides of the world from the. YouTube. World.

Facebook. World the uh and the webinar webinar folks is limiting beliefs. So let's talk about limiting beliefs. First and foremost it's important to understand that beliefs are all built the same way now.

I'm not gonna. I'm not going to waste your time that's not wasting your time. But. I'm not going to focus on giving you information that you can't immediately put to use okay.

The. First thing that we wna we want to understand about beliefs is that we build them yes. We learn them. But they're built a certain way and.

So there's always a cause that cause leads to an effect and. Then there's a meaning that we assign to that whole sequence. So let's uh let's start dep potentiating those limiting beliefs let's start focusing on um the frame we'll start with the magic frame and. Then we'll kind of move into other things.

So here's what we're going to do. I want you just take out a sheet of paper and. I want you to write down three or four no. More than five limiting beliefs that you know you have.

So get out a sheet of paper write down three or four or five limiting beliefs that you know you have and. Then each of you. I want you to type one of them in the chat just. So.

I know you're participating okay. Jay snay says they can't are you dri is it because you're driving. I'm not good enough okay. I'm too old to be effective okay.

Oh. I'm gonna have fun with you guys. I'm having a hard time making ends meet skepticism. I'm not worthy of money okay.

Not wanted okay. Now. I'm gonna excellent okay. Okay.

My creative power uh. Robert that's not a belief that. I know of. But you're all doing something very interesting.

I want to ask you all a quick question the beliefs that you typed in the chat is that exactly what you wrote on your page okay. So here's your. First big aha you didn't write out your full belief that's not the whole belief. I'm waiting for it.

I'm waiting for what are you talking about okay. So here's what. I want you to do. I want you to look.

At the what you wrote behind that. I want you to type in the word or write in the word because and answer the question. So this is what. I'm talking about let me show you really quick uh we'll use this one just prob okay.

So uh one of your beliefs was um. I am worthless okay. Well that's half a belief if you want to evoke the other half you ask the magic question because. So if you say.

I am worthless because what pops up up into your head okay. Because. I didn't find the right. Job okay.

So you see just what happened here one of the reasons that we can't change some of our beliefs is because we never we never we never uncover the full belief you guys make sense because. I okay. So now let me close this up now here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to pick one of those beliefs and. I want you to close your eyes. And. I want you to point to where you feel that in your body as you point to where you feel it if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that belief and the reason behind that belief a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it.

First impression now again the things. I'm asking you to do now. I don't want you typing them in the chat now. I will tell you specifically when.

I want you to type things in the chat where in your body is the feeling connected to the belief you've selected stored if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented the cause of that belief a picture you could reach out and touch where around you would you reach out to touch it just take your other hand. Reach. Out. And.

Touch. It now. I want you to take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is once you've got that.

I want you to make sure you've got the right. One. I want you to grab that belief and make it bigger like you expand the window on your iPhone or your touchcreen at home make the picture larger notice what happens to the feeling in your body does it get stronger or does it get weaker as you do that you know which direction the the force goes in now bring it back to its original size keep the size of the picture exactly as it was originally now slowly pull it closer to your body be very aware that you're keeping the size of the picture the same and notice does the feeling get stronger or weaker now put it back to its original position using your imagination now you can close your eyes. For this if you want.

I want you to put a big thick black frame around that picture and. I want you to take your hand and. I want you to feel on the base of that frame and you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television. I want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast.

I want you to turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely and notice how that makes you feel now turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely and notice how that makes you feel and decide for yourself which one you like better once you decide that turn that knob all the way in the direction that you choose. I want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters across that colored out screen. I want you to write the less connected to this experience positive or negative.

So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what the lessons and the purpose behind that limiting belief are and they just write them on the screen some people have no. Conscious idea of what those limiting beliefs are where they come from. But the part of you that created those feelings that created that picture that part always knows. So give that part of you permission to use your finger and right.

Across that screen all the lessons and associations connected to those feelings and that picture. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people have no. Clue what they're writing they're just raw squiggles some people draw pictures some people get really angry write you you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously they're writing. Chinese or.

Hebrew at the same time. However your body does it. However your neurology wants to do it just let that finger flow like automatic writing the screen will scroll like a tablet. Scrolls.

So you have an infinite writing space and just keep writing until everything that needs keeping is on that screen and everything else has been let go if emotions and feelings come up put them on the screen too and just keep writing when you know it's done and only when you know it's done now here's the thing we're doing this together as a group some of you going to write fast some of you going to write long it doesn't matter just keep going if. I'm if. I move on and you're still writing just keep going your unconscious mind can follow the rest of the instructions because it hears everything all right. When my wife does this um she would write for 40 minutes at a time it's like she writing a chapter of.

War and. Peace. But when she did it she was. I mean was massive transformation.

So just keep writing when you know you're done reach up physically shrink that picture down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind moves that picture up over the top of your head and back. Beyond the. Horizon until it disappears completely and you all remember what this the sound of a hammer when you're banging on a nail nailed back there for all eternity impossible come back and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible come back test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off notice what happens instead now the moment that picture moves back. Beyond the.

Horizon your neurolog is going to initiate a shift sometimes that shift is fast sometimes it takes a few seconds to finish just be present. Let. The. Chain shift through you let whatever epiphanies or emotions come up let them there's no.

Need to measure this manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to run its course completely and when you know you've got that test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied stop testing and type in the chat what just happened for you. Ian says. I'm sweating like crazy yep that's normal. Terry says emotions jodian says.

I just let go feel like. I could work for days boom. I feel clearer guys are doing great rock the house uh. The.

Chosen is asking um would you say that to try gets rid of limiting belief faster than sled of mouth not necessarily um there they're very different ways of approaching belief change um. I think it t. I think it depends on the person and the belief. I really do now can change really be that simple yes.

If you understand the technology if you understand the system okay. So let's do do this let's do a couple more you guys got anything else you want to change. Ian says. I'm actually feel a bit afraid it's that normal 100% normal because it's different you're used to feeling different.

Rene says a weight has been lifted okay. So point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel it if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that issue that thing you want to change a picture you could reach out and touch. I want you to notice that there's a place around you where that picture is located. Reach.

Out. And. Touch it. First impression trace the outline of it with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is test it make sure you got the right. One right. Moving it bigger smaller moving forward and back okay. All right.

Andrew if it's in the spot of your back you can't reach imagine you could take your hands and pass them through the front of your body grab it and pull it out in front of you okay. Trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is put a big thick black frame around it feel along the base of the frame let like before you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television find the knob that controls the brightness of the contrast turn the knob all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide which one you like better turn the knob in the right.

Direction take the index finger of your dominant hand and when you're ready in glowing golden letters write the lessons connected to that experience across that colored out screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now the secret to this is to just keep writing if feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen right. If you want to draw. However that finger wants to express itself just keep writing okay.

When you know it's done and a feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen too just keep writing the screen will scroll when you know you're done and only when you know you're done reach up shrink that picture down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart that frame goes up over the top of your head back. Beyond the. Horizon and you know some of the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail nail back there for all eternity and possible come back you know it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible come back test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feelings off notice what happens instead take all the time you need to let the processing happen and take place some people it's fast some people it takes a while you'll feel things unpacking you'll break out in sweats you'll do all kinds of crazy weird physiological stuff that's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to run its course completely and when you know it's done test it all bad emoticons are gone yay snake tearing up as yep very good again all kinds of crazy physiological things happen because what you're doing my friends is you're integrating all the different aspects of your being from your autonomic nervous system to your uh central nervous system to your proceptive nervous system to your interoceptive nervous system and you're communicating in a way that every part of you understands for a common goal and you're using the very language that your neurology functions and writes all of its stuff in.

So. Terry says my mind has drawn a new picture repl that old one. So that. I.

Disappeared see it as powerful. In a. Different. Light very good this is one of the things that you'll see uh feeling sleepy very normal because what happens is when you reprocess that experience the emotion that was locked into that container is released back into your system and when you have an excess of energy it often manifests as the same symptoms as not enough energy you get fatigued it's called stagnation because the the body's redig esting that energy that that released healthy energy back into you and it makes you kind of sleepy.

So that's completely normal letting go of. I can't to. I can and will yeah and and one of the reasons that sometimes you'll feel a little bit of fre fear or uh emotional hurt as these things are being let go is because you've you've you've you've kind of put them at the wrong level of the belief pyramid it was something that you were doing or something that was in your environment or something in your capabilities level that you somehow managed to confuse and put at the identity level and you've started to confuse something you're doing or something that you're capable of with something you are and. So as your identity starts to shift because you're letting that go you'll feel a little bit of a almost a loss.

But in a good way if that makes any kind of sense because you've gotten because you've gotten use to having that as part of your identity right. Uh breakthrough mind says how often should. I do it for lasting results well most of the time what you the the specific issue that you worked on is permanent this is actually one of the cool things about this particular technique is it's what we it's what we use to resolve things that tend to go away and come back now if similar beliefs manifest fast it's because there are other issues similar to the one you just cleared that are being reactivated and there's there's more in-depth processes for that that we don't have the time to do today. But you'll learn about them uh in your package um.

But great question does this work for fat loss and sluggishness it can absolutely can there's not many things there's not many things this won't put a dent in it really won't. I mean. I've done this on crazy stuff. I've used this on tumors.

I've used this on fears and phobias. I've used this on social anxiety. I've used this on cramps and and outbreaks and stuff. I've used this on back pain like like uh herniation dis herniations and stuff like that um and the reason that that that this works this way in my theory in my opinion is because your nervous system doesn't really make a big distinction between physical pain and emot pain the same parts of your brain that process physical pain also process subjective pain or or emotional pain and.

So um at the at the at the level of of of uh processing that we're we're working at as far as your neurolog is concerned it's all just vibrational data that's being processed and expressed and and once you get to that understanding there isn't much you can't change. So when you come to like our face reading training you learn about the holographic nature of the human nerve nervous system and that when you look. At the markings on somebody's face and you unpack a wrinkle and the emotion behind it goes away the wrinkle goes away too and the change is instantaneous because you're all you're just basically light expressing itself through refraction um you may be fighting it or there may be some other reason there may be a secondary reason why you're holding on to it uh. Jord jodian says.

I've used it on my ankle got hert from an old scar and. I've seen results way better than before boom very good very good all right. So this is again one of those techniques that you can do anywhere any time under any situation for any circumstance um we're going to go a little bit further with this. But before we do.

I want to go ahead and remind you that uh that what you just experienced is just a tiny piece it's just one thing of the entire set of programs that are available to you uh in the identity by. Design and secrets of. Personality transformation package. So if you want real superpowers real fast click those links right.

Now before they're gone get the the identity by. Design 5day live event which by the way you can also attend virtually if you want to um you also get the virtual uh healing intensive where. I help you walk step byep through all this stuff and a whole lot more um go ahead and click your links right. Now make sure.

OSS and. M are standing by. Holly and. Seth are standing by to answer questions in the chat um by all means take this opportunity now to get something special for yourself.

So once again you're going to get the secrets of. Personality transformation home study programs at 2,497. Value you're also going to get included to the um identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course for certification and practitioners $1,497 value absolutely free you're going to get the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction manifestation. Mastery home study course it's $1,497 value you're going to get the stealth. CPI.

Universal pers uion protocol via at $1,950 you're going to get that absolutely free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing uh objection. Mastery and conversational belief change home study course di at $1,950 we're going to give you that absolutely free you're going to get the. NL the three-month trial membership and the fif the 13-year video archive of the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program $1,597 value we're going to give that to you absolutely. Ely free you're going to get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at $9.97 you're going to get that for free the. VIP identity by.

Design super ticket $3,150 value absolutely free and. Finally the self- transformation virtual healing intensive $2,497 value we're going to give you all of these things absolutely free because we want you to make 2024 the turning point for the rest of your life to make the best year ever and have every year after that just getting better than the year before that's my goal that's my job and. I want you to have every opportunity to make those transitions. But you got to take the actions guys click those links right.

Now there is no. Excuse there you can't afford not to do this think about what you've been able to accomplish in the. Last 10 15 minutes what can you do with the whole system okay. Think about the things you really really want for yourself click that link and start the fast track to getting them.

I want to help. But. I can't multiply zeros you gota you got to level up you get $16,728 worth of. Transformations that just keep going for one low installment of $997 or if you need extra help we can break that up into three easy installments of 397 each click your links right.

Now and and really really really do this stuff right. I don't want tourists. I want people who are actually committed to to making a change and sometimes making that decision can be scary. But if you want the.

Next 10 20 30 years to be better than the. Last 10 20 30 years you got to do something different. I'm here for you click the link and let's get this done okay. That being said um let's move on uh.

I want to do another thing with you guys that. I think uh the people at um the people at the healing intensive really enjoyed this. So we're going to do uh another thing. Kurt says.

I paid. But do not have a confirmation email yet. Kurt keep checking check your spam um. I'm sure it'll come through very very soon welcome aboard.

Kurt well done all right. So this. Next one we're gonna play with is is kind of fun um this is not one that you'll really be able to the magic frame you can pull right. Off the webinar and and go to town this.

Next one you got to be guided for it. So. I want you to pick something from your list that you want to change okay. And.

I want you to do your best to follow along as best as you can. I want you to think of that thing you want to change. I want you to close your eyes. And.

I want you to notice um where in your body you feel that and. I want you to point to it. I want you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those feelings and. I'm.

I want you to just become aware of what those colors are for you. First impression now with your eyes. Closed. I want you to take both of your hands and.

I want you to trace the outline of that colored space in your body. So you know exactly what shape it takes when you know that. I'm gonna ask you a couple of questions you can answer this out loud to yourself. I don't need to hear it.

But. I want you to answer it out loud to yourself does that shape have any weight temperature or. Texture is it in your body out of your body or both answer these things out loud for yourself and. I'm.

GNA ask you a question how young might you be when you. First feel a feeling like this and where might you be when you. First feel a feeling like this and as you become aware of where you were and uh what how young you might have been. I want you to notice the.

First. I want you to give yourself a verbal report describe what's happening and. Then what happens. Next and.

Then what happens. Next and. Then what happens. Next and.

I want you to keep stepping your way through that sequence of events until the feeling that you're having. First emerges like you come to like. I feel. X okay.

And when you have that. I want you to just take a moment and look. At that scene up to that point from your your your perspective of today you as the adult looking back on that younger version of yourself and as you look. Back on that younger version of yourself having that experience.

First thing. I want you to notice is this the. First time you've ever felt that way or does it feel like you've had that before now if it's if it's not the. First time we can go back at a.

Later process and deal with that. But if this is the. First time. Then what we're going to do is we're.

GNA look. At that and if. God could reach down and hand you the cosmic doover button the universal reset switch that would allow you to travel back through the. Wormhole of time and space and change that entire event to be exactly what would make you the happiest most joyful best version of yourself ever if anything were allowed what would you like to see happen for that younger version of yourself instead and just speak that out loud for yourself you don't have to tell me.

But once you know what that is this. Next phase is what. I call your step. Spielberg moment.

I want you to close your eyes. If they're not already closed and. I want you to create for yourself an alternate reality movie in which you see yourself living the dream living that that movie as that younger version of yourself exactly the way it should have happened for you in the best way possible and. I want you to make this movie awesome okay.

I want you to make it as big as a drive-in movie theater screen. Crystal. Clear like an. IMAX.

Turn. Up. The. Sounds the smells the tastes the feelings best life ever and when that movie is perfect for you in every way.

I want you to watch that movie. But. I don't want you to watch it just once. I want you to was it over and over and over again not once not twice.

But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times stronger a hundred times more powerful a thousand times better and better than it's ever been before until it overwrites and replaces every experience you've ever had before and. Then it just keeps getting better and better and better and. I want you to notice as you continue to run through that movie over and over and over again that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment and point point to where you feel that and as you point to where you feel that.

I want you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color colors would that be for you. First impression whatever it is. I want you to notice how with each pass through that alternate reality movie. I want you to step into it.

I want you to live it each time you live through that movie from beginning to middle to end over and over and over again that the feelings and those colors of those feelings in your body begin to grow they begin to expand they begin to fill your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between and. Then they just keep getting stronger and stronger and stronger until they become. So strong. So powerful they begin to radiate radiate radiate from your body like the.

Rays of a sun forming a brilliant frame around that new reality movie that you've created and when you're ready to own it to embody it to personify it completely. I want you to reach out and grab that frame and the reality inside of it. I want you to lift it up over your head expand it to fill the infinite universe and when you're ready. I want you to take it and.

I want you to pass it through your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes over and over and over again and as you do notice what happens to that colored shape that was in that part of your body that you want to get rid of and just keep passing that square through your body over and over and over again until it's completely gone impossible to come back and when you know it's completely gone impossible to come back test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happened instead now it's important for you to take as long as you need do as many passes as you have to to completely melt those old colors okay. Some people it's going to be a oneand done other people it's going to be 150 and. I can never predict who's going to do what. So you keep going until it's completely dissolved when it's completely dissolved impossible to come back you can test it now don't be surprised if you break out in a sweat you laugh you cough you cry your eyes.

Water weird happens that's just your neurology resetting itself yet again it's just the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead when you know you're done and you're satisfied you can stop testing type in the chat what you experienced ion says this is amazing thank you again if you want this click the links. I got way more right. Amazing for sure got my.

Pearl back there you go anybody else you might you might they might still be processing. Andrew says. I feel like. I lived a different life totally from the point of 18 to now 33 n says only the good feelings are present excellent you guys did well.

Mary says improving my eyesight very nice very nice maryan you're not the. First person to have that experience by the way all right. So. I'm curious what' you learn from these experiences what what did you notice.

Megan says that was fantastic thank you you're very welcome think about what's possible for you now think about where you were at the beginning of tonight's webinar and what you've experienced. Rene says the world is spinning in more ways than one okay. Again guys we've just scratched the surface of the if. I said this to my group yesterday and it's something.

I say from time to time. But. I don't it doesn't ever really seem to land the way. I want people to really um internalize this you are the embodiment of magic your essence your core is pure magic if you could see you the way.

I see you you would be amazed help me unleash the magic that is you okay. Think about what you were able to do in a a few minutes with just the right. Information what could you do in a few weeks with just the right. Information sometimes you know.

I think it was my. Angelou and. I'm gonna mangle her her proverb badly a lot of us are are not afraid of being powerless it's that we're more powerful than we can possibly imagine. I know.

I'm mangling that that sentiment. But you are there's nothing about your life that you cannot change to some degree if you have the tools tools are right. In front of you click the link and let's get going okay. So um let me again give you our kind of.

Last call kind of uh process and. I want to take questions. I want to field questions for you okay. Uh breakthrough.

M says are we just programs running bad programs. But allowed to program whatever we want breakthrough. I wouldn't say that we're we don't have we have yes. We we we're we're all running programs and those programs are at different levels of our.

Consciousness uh. But the truth is is we are absolutely allowed to make any change we want and reprogram any time we want the problem is is we've come we we actually someone actually installed in us a program that says we don't have permission. So the. First thing we do is we we dissolve that program really freaking quick oh.

Sabrina is correcting me thank you. Sabrina our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure in my world that is a fact you're far more powerful than you've ever allowed yourself to believe. But you have certain programs running that keep you from seeing the truth that keep you from experiencing the truth and once you start we call it seeing the. Matrix in.

Planet. David once you start seeing the. Matrix everything you to to quote the police everything you do is. Magic an act of magic let's all be.

Wizards together okay. So real quick uh for those of you who may be joining us late um we're quite not sure what we were offering or what we're talking about you're going to get the secrets of. Personality transformation ultr mind control training home study course uh valued at $2,497 the identity by. Design hitp note therapy home study course.

Val at $1,497 we're going to give that to you free you're going at the hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation and mind control. Mastery home study course valued at $1,497 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth.

Universal persuasion protocol highly recommend that course $1,950 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get. Renegade reframing um magical objection. Mastery and conversational belief change $1,950 value absolutely free uh you're going to get the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring trial membership and video archive $1,597 value we're going to give that to you free you're going get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course for $99.97 free you're get the. VIP super ticket to the 5-day identity by. Design hypnotherapy certification. March 2024 here in.

San. Diego $3,150 value we're going to give that to you free and. Then. Finally you're going to get the uh.

VIP super ticket to the self transformation virtual healing intensive uh scheduled for. April 12th 13th and 14th uh here uh well anywhere in the world it's going to be on it's going to be on. Pacific time. But we had the people in the.

Last one came in from the. UK they came in from irel. I think we had some people from. Australia on board um by all means um everyone's welcome it's a $2,497 value and it is it was awesome it was just a wonderful wonderful experience for me uh.

I got to kind of cut loose and really just unleash my healing. Mojo for people that. I don't normally get to do uh and people got to fully experience things uh we're going to give this to you absolutely free it's a. Once in a-lifetime.

Opportunity total combined value here is 16,000 722 you can get it all all of it for $99.97 and you can break that up if you need to into three easy installments which just 3.97 each all you have to do is click the link in your chat uh go to www. NLP power.com. SL um mind and let's unlock your power can. I give an example of stealth hypnosis.

Liam. I've been using it on you all all all webinar. But as you truly begin to fully imagine the possibilities. I want you to pay attention to the possibility that you most want to have manifest for you and notice what it's like to actually live that life and how good it feels okay.

Now. I challenge you to remember what. I just said word for word notice you can't do it again uh when you've been doing this for such a long period of time it just becomes a natural way to talk because it's the most practical and useful way to talk. But it doesn't sound vague creepy or confusing it's completely ethical uh and people love to listen and.

I find that that is a superpower in and of itself when you can communicate in ways that people just love to pay attention to you can do anything you want all right. So before we sign off um do we have any any uh. Last minute questions oh. Rea we have we have we have ways to do that any other questions okay.

Oh yeah. Raa we've got a lot of we've got fact. I'm probably going to be coming out probably not not in the. Next three months.

But probably within the. Next six to eight months. I'm. G to be coming out with another stealth conversational hypnosis course stealth level two which is even more powerful stuff.

But it takes. But you have to have stealth one the foundations in order to effective apply the level two. But the level two you can get people to do all kinds of crazy stuff like hand you somebody else's keys at the valet station and things of that nature is there a difference between belief and. Truth 100% 100% difference between belief and.

Truth your beliefs have nothing to do with what's actually true uh. Terry. Wester says thank you. David.

I look. Forward to meeting you at killer influence. Next week. I look.

Forward to meeting you. I want to see all of you there at killer influence if you're sitting on a. VIP ticket right. And you can't physically get to the live event take the virtual option and be there okay.

I've got people set up to. Mentor you virtually while. I'm teaching physically. So if you have a.

VIP ticket get your ass in gear click those links and show up all right. Well. Andrew you know what to do uh do. I plan to come over to the.

UK yes. I do. I can't give you an exact date right. Now.

I'm negot ating right. Now with uh uh some people in. Hungary to go do an event over there um and if there's a way to economically uh combine and make like a. European tour.

Then we might do that. But right. Now um. I do want to get back to the.

UK whether it's. Britain proper or. Ireland or. Scotland.

I. I'm open to that possibility. But my intention is to get back um as soon as. I can great questions all right.

I want to thank you all for spending time with me. I hope you've had a chance kind of taste what's possible for you if you could see you the way. I see you you would realize how beautiful and amazing you really are let's work together let's unleash the magic inside and help you make your life everything you want it to be click the links because when. I leave the webinar tonight the virtual healing intensive the 5-day certification the 3-day or the uh the virtual.

U the master myind mentoring program they go away okay. Do it now because. I don't know that. I'm ever going to be able to to offer you this comprehensive a package ever again click the links right.

Now and. I'll see you on the other side. I love you good night. God bless please like and share this this webinar please post your comments and questions in the replay and.

I'll see you on on the other side. God bless thanks to all my handlers and all my backend support. I love you all.
