Title: 🚨 LIVE: Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind 🚨
File Name: sBlvCMDm14Y.txt
Video Id: sBlvCMDm14Y
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBlvCMDm14Y

E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David. Snider checking in with you after a long.

Hiatus uh welcome to how to reprogram your subconscious mind for health wealth success happiness and oh. So much more uh it's been a very eventful uh. February. I'm excited for.

March and the rest of 2025 we've got some amazingly cool uh opportunities and things coming up uh with you. I'm sorry that. I have. I was.

I wasn't around quite. So much live and in person uh during the month of. February. I was uh most of you know that.

I've been on a embarking on a pretty intense spiritual and energetic exploration and walk and uh after three years of intense study meditations practices you name it uh. I. Finally was or ordained uh as a as a. Buddhist llama and.

So. I'm. I'm trained and and certified to teach the. Mystic mystical traditions of.

Buddhism and things of that nature uh. I am a multi uh multidisciplinary. Mystic. So by all means you know file that.

However you want um. But the. Last the. Last three or two you know.

Last month of that was very intense with trainings and teachings and and really getting ready for the. Next phase of. Planet. David.

So we did. So what we did instead was we gave you guys a bunch of pre-recorded webinars that we had done that people really enjoyed uh to give you guys uh at least a steady dose of of the good stuff that's coming from planet. David uh over the past more good stuff in the future as you guys know uh. I'm never done.

So the good stuff is just going to keep rolling out be that as it may tonight is all about one of the most important aspects of any walk whether you're a spiritual person whether you're into the. Law of. Attraction whether you're looking for. Advanced.

Human. Performance whether it's improving your relationships whether it's increasing your communication or or you know getting over fears or traumas or phobia or whatever tonight is all about the one thing the one place where all of that comes together the one place that if you can learn to understand it if you can learn to work with it and manage it and and communicate with it effectively you can write your ticket in this life and. I and. I don't.

I don't. I don't use those words lightly um you know every now and. Then. I sit back and.

I just kind of reflect on where. I started and how. I got here and there was one truth that. I'm going to share with you right.

Up front whether you you know what regardless of what level of. Consciousness you're operating from you will this will go in and it will plant like a seed and sometimes that that seed will. Sprout immediately sometimes it'll take a little while right. That's that's based on your walk in the choices you make.

But. I'm going to give you a very a couple very powerful secrets with regards to tonight the content of tonight's webinar everything we do every form of endeavor every form of accomplishment everything that limits us everything that moves us forward everything that transforms. Us in some way begins and ends with your unconscious mind it begins and ends with your ability to influence that part of you that takes all of the information that's floating out here in this vibrational soup we call the quantum universe and transforms it into something that you can relate to on a very personal level okay. I discovered this by accident well.

I don't know if it was by accident. I don't think there are thing. I don't think there are such things as accidents. I don't the longer.

I'm doing this work and the longer. I'm teaching these these things the more. I discover that there are no. Accidents and there's no.

Such thing as coincidence right. There there's just events that you have the. Consciousness to perceive as in a useful way or not. But all of these things that you're encountering are designed to send messages to you to give you an understanding of what to go or where to do.

Next and depending on the level of. Consciousness that you. Embrace that same data point can send you off into a sequence of blessings or a sequence of nightmares it's the same data point it's the. Consciousness that you wrap around it and since we're talking about.

Consciousness um getting some some prompts that there's no. Sound is that are you guys in. Zoom having problems or is it just on my. YouTube channel.

So. Tex says uh. Mary says no. I'll good on.

Zoom okay. So there's something going on with our. Zoomers that might be lag in the uh in the feed you might also want to just maybe refresh your refresh your page and see if that clears it up okay. So what am.

I talking about very early on and. I'm going to. I'm going to start the official. D.

Dr. David dog and pony show in a minute. But one of the things. I discovered very early on.

I was a career martial artist that was the track that that. I had set myself on. I thought. I was you know.

I grew up wanting to be an actor now. I just play one on. YouTube right. Um and turns out.

I had a knack for teaching. But what. I really loved what really excited me was martial arts. I want.

I just wanted to be better at martial arts and. I just did everything. I could to to get better at martial arts right. That led me to the study of mental training which have and not coincidentally to the study of hypnosis as well.

But one of the other things that led me to was the study of an art that's pretty controversial um depending on who you talk to and and you know the level of skill that you're learning about it from uh was an art called kho. Jitsu now kho. Jitsu is an okan and. Japanese term which means has two translations it has one.

Second fighting or vital. Point self-defense vital. Point fighting and whether you believe in pressure points and dim. Mock and death touch and all that other stuff are not uh.

I got it. I took. That out like a duck to water and. I just.

I just dove in hookline and sinker with um pressure points this and acupuncture meridians and. So you know in my early 20s. I'm buying three and $400 acupuncture books and tracing nerves and trying to work them into my forms and studying neurology and. Neuroscience and neuroanatomy and all these things and that was when different studies that.

I was engaged in started to come together particularly martial arts and acupuncture and nerves and the mind and energy and the autonomic nervous system and that's when. I realized something that when. I didn't matter if. I was studying hypnosis it didn't matter if.

I was studying martial arts it didn't matter if. I was studying acupuncture points and meridians it didn't matter if. I was studying neurolinguistic programming the one place that all of these disciplines met the one thing that influenced all of them was your autonomic nervous system now your autonomic nervous system is another way of saying your unconscious mind or your subconscious mind now depending on which school of thought with the subconscious mind you subscribe to you can think the subconscious as this one gigantic mega mind. So that below the threshold of what you're consciously aware of you can think of it as a subconscious and an unconscious and a conscious you can think of it as your higher.

Consciousness your your. Mamon brain and your reptile cons you can think of it any number of ways the bottom line is is that there's a level to each of us that controls everything else and if we can access that level if we can for for lack of to use a modern metaphor if we have if we have the username and password that allows us to log into that dashboard we can change any program we can influence any page any experience any expression or communication that we want because everything that we experience happens. First at the autonomic level there is nothing that you can become aware of nothing you can experience that doesn't have to pass through the senses and the filters of your autonomic nervous system even your. Consciousness as you understand it when you're embodied has to come through that autonomic system and if we can understand that if we can master that.

Then we can. Master any aspect of. Our. Lives any any discipline we want to master any fear we want to overcome any goal we want to achieve can be done if you understand how that autonomic part of you.

Works does that make sense type in the chat if if that makes sense to you guys okay. Cool all right. So um. First of all and uh now we're going to launch into the content of tonight.

So by how many of you by a show of hands is this your. First time checking in uh with. Dr. David.

Snider and. Planet. David if this is your. First time type yes.

Your name and where you're checking in from in the chat uh and. I get people have questions um if the question is relevant to where we're at and it won't take away from the webinar. I'm happy to answer it if not. I'm going to give you three ways that you can get those questions answered.

I love questions. But. I only have a limited amount of time to take you as far down the rabbit hole how to reprogram your subconscious mind as humanly possible like one of my mentors. Lisa sasich there's there's.

Mary from uh. Fort. Meers there's. Alex from.

Tijana we got. Susan checking in from. Arizona awesome we got. James checking in.

Ryan uh. Richard of course. Jose we got. Agnes and.

David out there in. YouTube land spectrix and lotes checking in with with us that's awesome it's good to see all you guys again welcome welcome welcome uh we got. Christina checking in from. San.

Diego she's a neighbor yay buddy. Go. San. Diego.

CC's been following me for decades awesome all right. So. First of all let me say thank you a for those of you who've been around for years stay around because. I'm gonna put you to work you new people hold on to your butts because uh let me get my disclaimers out of the way hopefully.

I've talked long enough that the. YouTube sensors won't dox me or uh kick my ass offline for dropping the fbom or some other politically correct lingo. I've noticed that their uh their sensors have gotten really really picky about what they're letting me promote if. I drop drop any kind of profanity or anything like that uh in their.

First parts of the video they just can my video and you guys don't get to see it. So here's my disclaimer for those of you who are wondering into. Planet. David are coming across our content for the.

First time if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphor ing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the. Next the best use of your.

Next two to three hours right. And yes. I did say two to three hours our our webinars tend to go long they tend to be very heavy on content and interactiveness and the reason for that is is that we want you to come away from this webinar at least a little bit fed in other words we want you to come away with something from this webinar that you can actually put into action put into practice today that you can start transforming your life right. Away my promise to you is this okay.

Of course there's an offer connected to a webinar there's an offer connected to every webinar that what that offer is for you not me although. I'm going to benefit right. And here let me explain this if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn with regard to how to access log into your your autonomic nervous system your subconscious mind and change it to whatever you want if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in tonight's webinar. I have time for less than this that's it's just it's just the way it is okay.

So here's my commitment to you especially today because. I'm. I'm. I'm back in the flesh and.

I just want to. I just want to run off at the keyboard and and run off at the monitors and stuff like that. I will take you as far down this. Rabbit.

Hole as. I can. I will give you as much information as. I can in the time that we have and.

Then. I will show you where to go to level up and keep the learning going and take your trans. Transformations and your your uh your skill sets further is that a fair trait is that is that can we are we good with that if if you're good with that type yes. In the chat.

I'm ready for that. I'm good with that whatever oh wait we got somebody all the way from. Egypt oh my. God that's awesome.

I love that okay. Ivy says yes. Chris says no. Thanks for being thanks for being.

So knowledgeable awesome all right. So let me go ahead and uh. I you're gonna find out really quick if you're if if this is your your. First time uh with one of my webinars you're going to find out.

I don't like. PowerPoints very much um. I think. PowerPoints act as a wall and people go into trans by.

PowerPoint which can be useful right. But. I think it's important um to be able to just look. Me in the eye and and stuff like that.

So that's just kind of how. I roll. I will bounce back and forth with the pressure with the the. Powerpoints couple of things also.

I want to get out of the way before. I get into my bio. First of all. I.

I mentioned thank you at the beginning of the webinar reason is is because for the nth eth or nth year in a row you guys voted me the number two. NLP trainer in the world just under the. Great and. Powerful.

Richard bandler the founder of the discipline himself uh and. So. I thank you all for your support. I thank you all for your love and your your votes over the years and let's just keep the magic rolling.

So. I just wanted to put that out there and say thank you for that. Next thing. I want to talk about is um well is this the right.

Place for you how many of you um would like to be more confident anybody just type that's me in the chat if this is true for you how many people would like to be more confident would like to make more money be more attractive um increase your your your test results um type in the chat what you want to take away from from tonight's webinar right. All right. Cool excellent. So if you answered yes.

To any of the things. I just said or some stuff that's even how many people just want to be how many how many let me give me your. First your your. First.

Jewel for. So. Rocko wants to quit vaping you got it brother. I'll show you how to do that uh.

Mary says courage to change the world excellent. Mary let me tell you something about the courage to change the world the courage to change the world starts with the courage to change you. First here's the. First rule if you want to change the world around you you have to start with the world in you let me say that two more times if you want to change the world outside of yourself it has to start by changing the world inside of yourself you are no.

Good to the world afraid you are no. Good to the world disempowered you are no. Good to the world sick you are no. Good to the world broke you are no.

Good to the world not being an example of what's possible for yourself does that make sense. So my. First and and for most important goal is as much as. I want to help the world is to help you because if.

I can help you and you can help yourself. Then you can share that with everybody else. So there's a lot of a lot of ideologies out there that will tell you that you have to give to others. First right.

That you have to give and give and give and give and that usually leaves you with nothing. But maybe a an idea that you might get into heaven. Later right. I've never.

I've never espoused that philosophy. I don't judge people who work from that philosophy my life experience has shown me that when you are empowered when you have a life of abundance when you have a life of love and charity and compassion and kindness and you operate from that place of fullness you have more to share you have more to give you're willing to do more for others okay. It's just it's just been my life experience and. I'm a if.

I'm nothing else. I'm a pragmatist and. I want to help you live your best life and. So.

I want to give you that that idea. I want you to make yourself powerful and wealthy and your on your fast track to your best life for you. First and. Then everybody else okay.

That may not sit well with some people. But this is how. I roll right. Okay.

So who exactly is. Dr. David and why should you care. First and foremost.

I am in fact a doctor of. Oriental medicine. I graduated from. Pacific.

College of. Oriental medicine my doctorate in oral medicine in 2019. I believe it was. I graduated with my.

Master's. Degree and my license in acupuncture in 2005. I've been a practicing therapist in one form or another since 2005 where my specialty is been treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion while some neural linguistic programmers and hypnotists even acupuncturist to a certain degree uh deal with a lot of habit control some fear some phobias a little bit of social anxiety um. I started off almost working exclusively from medical referrals and.

I started with chronic pain and rapidly evolved my practice into dealing with physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotions which by the way is about nine out of 10 or more illnesses that would go into a doctor's waiting room they're usually memory based and emotional based and when you can unpack those emotions and release them from the body miraculous healings take place right. Um and. So that was that's it gave me tremendous tremendous insight into how people manifest disease because all disease is really a form of manifestation just like all healing is a form of manifestation right. Human beings are manifestation machines we are designed for this the problem is nobody gave us the instruction manual right.

Tonight. I'm going to give you a few pages from the instruction manual. So you can start recalibrating that puppy and getting your autonomic nervous system and your subconscious mind on the fast track to getting you over your fears and your phobias and your limiting beliefs and your self-sabotage and uh all the crap that you've accepted is true and never tested it right. All the stuff you inherited from your parents or from your loved ones or or from well-meaning authority figures we're going to show you step by step by step some very simple powerful and effective techniques for transforming and resolving that stuff from your mind and body forever okay.

We call these techniques the transformational. Triad and the reason. I teach these is because they pretty much work for everybody. U and that's that's again that's another big claim.

But again you don't have to believe anything. I'm about to tell you that's the beauty of of tonight's webinars tonight is all about doing the drills and getting the skills you don't have to believe a single thing that comes out of my mouth all you have to do is embra have an open-minded playful funloving attitude do the drill have the experience and decide for yourself if there's any validity to it that's the beauty of what. I've spent a lot of time in. Planet.

David refining and and researching these techniques to the point where they're almost purely mechanics where you don't have to believe it all you got to do is want it and follow the instructions can we do that can. I get a commitment from you guys that tonight it's okay. To not believe something. But you're willing to to have a fun playful curious easygoing attitude and just do the drill would that be fair perfect if you can do that ladies and gentlemen here's another big claim you can make any change you want the only variable is time okay.

The only variable is time. So my clinic work has always been in healing. But. I didn't start there.

I didn't want to be a. Healer as. I told you at the beginning of of the webinar today all. I wanted to do was get better at martial arts all.

I wanted to if if you know if you'd have told me 40 years ago that 30 years. Later 20 years. Later. I'd be in a room eight nine hours a day shoveling other people's emotional and physical.

I kind of would have laughed at you right. Because that was simply not on my radar. But what's interesting about getting on your life mission your. Life.

Path when you follow the things that feed your heart and your soul and your spirit and you start to accomplish those things as you accomplish those things the. Next. PATH on the horizon and things on the periphery start to come into view and you start to find things that you're being drawn to that are being drawn into your life that you never would have expected for yourself right. And that's what's beautiful about this is as you actually pursue the things that feed your soul that feed your spirit that give you the best experience of your life you're going to bring more and more joy and beauty and power into the world and other things are going to come into your path because your autonomic nervous system is what steers your awareness right.

I have a training coming up in uh in. July it's called hypnotic. Laws of. Attraction and it's a variation of our identity by.

Design training and the entire three-day training is nothing. But programming your a your autonomic nervous system and your subconscious mind on how to be lucky like how to just be the embodiment of. Good. Fortune blessings.

Serendipity and synchronicity. I spent about 30 years oh maybe not quite 30 20 some years finding the pieces for putting this together and. I've been testing the. Last couple of pieces and it's just been blowing my mind.

So there's this. But it all goes back to the same topic of tonight which is your autonomic nervous system how does your autonomic nervous system take vibrational information that basically all we are is vibrations and transform it into things we call reality and why does it screen certain things out of your awareness and draw your attention to others right. If you've been around the law of attraction or manifestation world for any length of time you've heard of something called the reticular activating or as. Chase used likes to correct us the reticular formation system right.

Dr. John asra talk about it you've heard all the. Law of. Attraction people talk about it that there's this mechanism inside of you that orients you and draws certain things into your attention if you've heard me talk in the past about.

Dr. Paul ekman's work and the emotional refractory period and we've talked about how if you if you're if you spend all your time researching how to if you're. G let's say for example you're going to go buy a car right. You decide you want a car and you do all the research and you.

Finally find the perfect car and you do you research this this car lot and this car lot and this car lot and you do all the reviews online and you. Finally find the car you want and you go to the the dealership right. And you buy the car and you sign the papers and you're driving it home you look. Out the window and you're like what you look.

In the rear of view mirror and you're like huh and. Everywhere. You. Look.

Is that same car you're driving everybody's driving the same car on the same day anybody ever had that experience where all a sudden like you ever play that bu that that game punch buggy where you're just slapping the guy every time you slapping your buddy every time you see a. Volkswagen. Beetle right. And.

Then when you're done playing the game for the. Next 10 15 20 minutes afterwards you see. Volkswagen. Beatles everywhere anybody right.

What happened there what's going on that's that's the action of your reticular activating system that's the part of your brain that controls what you pay attention to and what you don't now a lot of what goes into that reticular formation or reticular activating system are kinesthetic. Sensations that are operating and running below the threshold of your subconscious mind. So if you have movies memories traumas below the threshold of conscious awareness which are always on an endless loop and always running it's sending little tiny pulses to that reticular activating system and that forms a self-image and a sense of self-worth and deservingness and because of the. Body.

Sensations that your nervous system is generating below the threshold of what you're consciously aware of that reticular activating system is pinging for anything that reinforces or is in harmony with those unconscious thoughts beliefs and feelings okay. I'm. I'm speaking really fast and. I'm speaking a lot.

But is it. Landing are you guys following where. I'm going with this yes. No.

Okay. Questions about it okay. So let me finish the the little brief intro uh. So that's my healing background that's my that's my understanding of healing and uh how.

I. Came. To. Be.

A. Healer. But. I've.

I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence in fact. I build myself as a specialist in strategic human influence. Technologies right. Code name strategic human influence.

Technologies right. And and. So everything from hypnotic languaging to body language to vibrational influence um. Mary's asking the reticular activating system is always kinesthetic it's most deeply impacted by kinesthetics and.

Then secondarily by visuals because your visuals will trigger a body feeling and that will trigger the the change in the particular activating system okay. So at the end of the day auditory really doesn't help you with nearly as much as understanding your visual systems and your kinesthetic systems okay. Uh one of my colleagues and good friends. Chase use likes to say if you had a choice if you had if if you if in terms of trusting yourself right.

Which part would you place more trust in the part of you that has remembered to keep your heartbeating and your lungs breathing for your entire life or the part of you that can't remember where you lost your car keys 30 seconds ago which would you trust right. If you're ready to trust the part that never forgot your heart beating. Then you're in the right. Place okay.

But the here's the thing and here's one of the most important things. I want to share a lot of stuff with you that's why. I recommend you watch this rep watch this webinar multiple times because. I'm going to drop some serious bombs right.

And every time you watch the replay you're going to you're going to pick up something new. But here's the. First thing you need to understand your autonomic nervous system the. Deep powerful other than conscious part of you not the part that thinks in words the part that thinks in can.

Sensations visuals kinesthetics auditory tones and tempos and volumes and things of that nature those are not words that autonomic part of you does not speak. English it doesn't speak. Egyptian it doesn't speak. French it doesn't speak any humans spoken language as we understand it it speaks and communicates in the language of sensation let me say that couple more times in case you're taking notes your autonomic nervous system communicates to you in the language of sensation visuals auditories.

Aesthetics ol factories gustor right. So those don't know olfactory gust olfactory means smell gustatory means taste okay. When we can now in those five primary channels of communication think of them like the the vowels or the syllables of the autonomic. Communications that we have all of that happens before you become conscious of anything okay.

Are you guys with me. So far there's some conversations about. Jesus in the chat that are kind of distracting me because. I just.

I just finished a class in. Buddhist and. Christian mysticism and. I'm working on my ordination in that in about two and a half in about a year and a half or.

So. So um and. I actually did a video not not too recently about uh some of the things that about how. Jesus healed and stuff.

So it's it's a little distracting for me. So. I apologize all right. So.

First thing we need to do is understand that there is a communication gap your conscious mind the part of you that is um talking to itself right. Now you know that voice in your head that just said what voice right. That's your conscious mind it's replaying and and running a a running commentary on everything that you experience. But if you think of communication and ex and and will we process experience as levels you have the.

Deep you have an external experience. Then you have a subjective reproduction of that which is like this big 8K video right. And. Then you have thoughts about that and that's shrunk down into like a a 4K video and.

Then a 3K video and a 2K video. Until. Finally what comes out as dialogue is a little you know 2 megabyte file and has this massive data set down here right. And.

So if if we understand this we want to get down here we want to get down into this very very deep information dense place and still be a able to navigate it how do we do that by understanding a few basic things okay. When your autonomic nervous system is creating a communication and sending it up to the part of you that talks there are certain characteristics that it has there are certain things that it does that will let you know that information is coming from the place you need to access you see one of the problems with your conscious mind part of you that's constantly running that dialogue is it it's it. Then that's that's the problem it's creating a narrative the unconscious mind spits up a piece of information and a body feeling your unconscious your conscious mind takes that piece of information and writes a whole story around it and acts upon that story as if it's true even though more often than not it's made up it actually has very little to do with the real problem what your unconscious mind is really trying to communicate with you and if you don't understand how to how to tell the difference between an other than conscious communication a com a communication or information that comes from your deep autonomic nervous system versus what story your conscious mind is spinning you're going to wind up running west looking for a sunrise and you're never going to get changeed that's why a lot of psychotherapeutic talk intervention styles of change take a very very long time if they ever result in change at all because you're the the premise there is that if. I understand rationally why.

I'm doing what. I'm doing and. I understand rationally why. I shouldn't do that that somehow some way.

I'll just stop doing it well it doesn't actually work that way in most applications at least not long term the reason for that and a lot of support the reason for that is is because it's an irrational problem irrational problems require irrational. Solutions right. So we we don't even let the con we don't even worry about what the conscious mind wants us to believe what we do is we go right. Into that deep level programming system and we just start changing the code.

But we have to know what's good code from junk code if you listen to your your conscious mind that dialogi part of you you're going to get junk code if you listen to the autonomic part of you and you know what to look. For what to pay attention to you can separate the code that actually gets you change that giv you a very direct path towards the change you want to make and once you understand that change becomes very very simple very very straightforward okay. So here's the. First thing.

I started. I. I already started giving you some important fundamentals and our webinars by the way are designed in three in three phases your. First phase is what we call foundations phase this is where.

I give you all the fundamental information that you need the primary experiences that you need and sets the foundation for what we're going to do in part three of the webinar which is the applications phase this is where we customize the content of tonight's webinar to exactly the results or the outcomes you guys as a group want to achieve some of you want to get over fears some of you want to get over limiting beliefs some of of you want to clear trauma some of you want to manifest something positive in the future that that happens in uh phase three of the webinar. So phase one is foundations phase two is transformation in other words we show you the path of transformation how to go from the information this webinar to get access to the complete system and. Then we come back to part three and we continue teaching from part one and we put it all together for you okay. So the.

First thing is understanding that there is a distinct difference between a conscious communication and an unconscious or other than conscious communication can we agree on that type yes. In the chat if you're with me okay. Now. I'm going to give you one of the most important principles it goes right.

To your reticular activating system and every other form of human behavior and. Endeavor and here it is there's a lot in this these couple sentences everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of let me repeat that two more times everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of. Last time write it down everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of why is this important if you study. NLP if you study.

Behavioral. Sciences if you study any form of. Eric sonian hypnosis you'll hear this idea of meta programs or filters uh coming up over and over and over again and one of the biggest filters or meta filters or programs that we have is towards and away from towards and away from human beings move towards the things that make them feel good and away from the things that make them feel bad okay. All of your behavior all of your body language all of your your eye accessing cues whatever it is you want to run you can distill everything down to a towards and away from um.

Duality right. Now the and everybody is towards and away from the difference is or the question becomes which one do they do. First are they moving away from something towards something else or are they moving towards something and away from something else right. When we look.

At the sequence of something that the nerve the sequence that something happens in your nervous system is what we have to pay attention to and that brings me back to this how do we tell the difference between an unconscious communication and a conscious communication and one of the things that we have to pay attention to is. I'm going to use a big word here that the word is called syntax. Sy y n t ax syntax now unless. I'm mistaken and.

I reserve the right. To be wrong sometimes uh syntax is a word that's used in programming a lot to imply the order and sequence in which something is done okay. Syntax is part of your autonomic language code let me say that again syntax the order that something comes out the order that something happens is part of the language of your unconscious mind it's one of the things that only very very well-trained people know to pay attention to when you start doing your work and there's three there's three categories of human who are going to watch this webinar there are people here who want help fixing their own stuff that's the vast majority of you there's people who want my help fixing your stuff that's okay. Too we have.

Pathways for that and. Then three there's people who want to fix other people's stuff some how many of you are coaches or healers or therapists or mentors or hypnotherapists or whatever who want to be better healers better coaches whatever you're the people who want to go out and fix other people's stuff right. The order and sequence that something comes out of a person's mouth the order and sequence that somebody puts in their communication is actually a very important aspect of the unconscious communication all right. Are you guys with me.

So far. I know. I'm talking fast okay. So for example if.

I say um if. I have a client and. I'll say all right. Well tell me about tell me what it was like when you were a kid tell me how you grew up.

I say well my dad left when. I was when. I was three. So.

I talk about my mom because. I you know most of my stuff is with my mom right. What would we pay attention to well obviously we the person has a lot more experience with. Mom right.

Exactly it's just a little throwaway thing. But it came out. First guess what you'll probably wind up unpacking and working with right. Now is it really that obvious when you know what to listen for when you know how to see through different eyes.

Yes. Yes. It is. I don't want to say the word stupidly it is ridiculously easy.

Once you have eyes. To see and ear ears to hear. But it's also very empowering because once you can see through that lens. Then patterns start to emerge everywhere and you can start to make very powerful rapid progress in your transformation.

So let's talk about this and. I how to bring this idea of syntax up. First because it's part of that autonomic language and it's something that you as somebody who's on this path of transformation needs to pay attention to okay. Nothing is random nothing is meaningless right.

And usually the things that are deepest will be what come out. First and. Then they'll consciously emphasize something else. But whatever came out.

First that's where the gold is. So. I'm. G to.

I'm going to go to my. P my my um not my. PowerPoint. But my one note really quick here um on a.

Second. I gotta. I gotta enlarge my picture here we go. I apologize um.

So. I'm gonna let you. I'm gonna. I'm gonna go to.

PowerPoint or not. PowerPoint. But one note and. I'm gonna put this on the screen for you guys and we're going to talk about this really really quickly because if we want to talk to the part of oursel that's in charge of everything this is the this is the the key that we need to apply all right.

Can you all see this can use can oops. So the unconscious mind always answers. First right. The unconscious mind answers.

First usually nonverbally usually nonverbally okay. So when you start to dialogue with yourself or when you start to dialogue with a client you got to watch what do they do with their eyes. What do they do with their face what do they do with their gestures what does their body angulation look. Like in the.

First half a. Second to a. Second as they're processing your question or thinking about your answer and. Then pay attention to what comes out of their mouth.

First okay. We're going to do some processes together very very shortly one of the. First things you need to understand is whatever comes up. First is.

Al is always right. Even if it doesn't feel that way your conscious mind that part of you that's always running the narrative that's always running the dialogue is always trying to evaluate the information and create a story around it and tell you what it thinks we don't care about what you're conscious mind thinks what we care about is what your other than conscious mind your autonomic nervous system has accepted as true and that g brings us into these other six charact other five characteristics your unconscious mind is always going to answer. First usually non-verbally it's always going to answer you honestly what. I mean by that is your unconscious mind does not care about what's true factually it does not care about what really happened based on what the video camera or the people using their iPhone to record.

The. Experience show your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system cares about what it has accepted as the truth right. Or wrong real or imagined it's. G to answer you with its truth and it's going to answer you honestly because it doesn't know anything else you are not the way you are because of the stuff that happened to you right.

That. I'm going to say this two more times write this down you are not the way you are because of the things that happen to you you are not the way you are because of the things that happened to you you are the way you are because of the way your unconscious mind recorded the things that happened to you and the way you have been relating to those recordings. I'm going to say that two more times you are the way you are because of the way your other than conscious mind recorded those events and the way you've been relating to those recordings. Susan says my subconscious mind is jacked up no.

Your subconscious mind loves you your subconscious mind is doing everything it can to keep you alive and keep you safe it's just doing it in a way that you don't understand that does not make sense from the conscious mind's perspective here's a here's a mic drop moment for you guys you're other than conscious mind absolutely 100% unconditionally loves you it absolutely loves you and everything it does it's doing because it believes it's helping you the problem is we don't understand how it communicates why it's communicating what it's communicating and what to do with it. So our un. So our conscious mind creates a story creates a narrative to just ify acting on the body feelings that are welling up from deep inside of us okay. This is important guys you're not broken none of you none of you are broken it's just you've been at odds with your unconscious mind who's trying to do things in the way it thinks is best.

But it doesn't have the perspective of the conscious mind and the more powerfully you can clear the communication channels between your conscious mind and your unconscious mind the more those systems will harmonize synchronize and all of a sudden you will be a manifesting monster okay. But with that comes responsibilities okay. So let's go through this really quick your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly guess what it's always going to feel like you're making it up don't believe me take my word toward.

I had if. I had a dollar for every client that sat in my chair before. I before. I started teaching them this right.

Up front and says. I think. I'm just making that up. I think that's just that's just pretend no.

That's how you know it's right. If it feels made up you know it's right. Okay. Why because the part of you that controls your heartbeat the part of you that controls your blood pressure the part of you that controls your hormonal and neurotransmitter balances the part of you that makes you fall in love the part of you that makes you afraid is also the part that makes things up and that my friends is one of the biggest sources of power that you have the power of your imagination if you can truly understand what that is and how it works and how to use it effectively you can make any change you want and.

I don't want you to believe me we're going to do it we're going to make some changes on this webinar tonight and you can decide if you want to follow go further down that rabbit hole or not okay. If it works for you keep it follow it if it doesn't work find something that does okay. Now unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud and it's never linear here's what.

I mean anybody here ever been to a hypnotist or been a hypnotist all right. So has this ever happened to you maybe you're in the chair or you're you're going through u a process right. And your client asks uh tell me about the. First scene situation or event that is the source of the beginning the root cause of.

XYZ problem something pops into your head and there's another part of your brain that instantly goes oh that can't be right. Or that's it that's the problem you ever have those moments for those of you who've never been in a hypnotist chair how many of you have been driving down the road on a beautiful sunny day and the music the sun is in the sky not a cloud in my eye the radio's blaring you're having a great old time right. And all of a sudden a shitty memory from when you were six pops out of nowhere now let me ask you something do you immediately pull off to the side of the road slam the car in park put the parking brake on turn the car off turn the radio off and go into a deep level of of altered state work and try and fery that out no. If you're like most people you turn the radio up louder hit up step on the accelerator and do your best to think happier thoughts right.

What happened a thought came up from your deep unconscious your conscious mind said oh hell no. Boom that's not right. Decided to edit it push it back down and now you're back to being stuck okay. You have to understand that every time your unconscious mind sends information up your conscious mind says oh that can't be right.

That's not the real reason that's why you have to pay attention to syntax the order that something comes up your unconscious mind always tells you the truth. But your conscious mind always wants to edit the information if. I were teaching you remote influencing or remote viewing we would call that urge to edit an analytical overlay it's where a piece of information comes through the autonomic nervous system and we assign an arbitrary meaning to it that may have absolutely nothing to do with the real reason that information is there you need to understand this okay. Because the moment you have the urge to edit something you know it's right.

You understand what. I'm saying your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what came up it's never loud it's never linear the moment it comes up. First you know it's true and it's important the moment you have an urge to edit it you know it's right.

Don't edit it take it at face value follow that line deeper into the unconscious you guys with me. So far yes. This means yes. This means no.

Type it in the chat okay. Now why do. I give you this because a lot of you will never be in my class. I would love all of you to show up for my classes don't get me wrong.

But most of you our relationship will never be more than this and. I get that. But most. But every single one of you on this webinar tonight is a soul on a journey of self- transformation you're you're on a voyage to become a better version of yourself to overcome your traumas and your sabotaging beliefs and the the physical or emotional uh barriers that are holding you back and.

EV the key to overcoming all of that is in your autonomic nervous system not your conscious mind your conscious mind is just what gives you a running story of things and don't get me wrong your conscious mind serves a very important function the problem is it's like the two-year-old that tries to take over everybody else's function and things get screwed up okay. Richard. I probably won't send flowers. Anyway um.

But my point is is that you want to work on you now if you come to training. I'll give you the full systems right. That's fine. But if you're going to do the work on yourself if all you get from tonight is the.

T the tech from the. YouTube channel is the transformational. Triad color breathing. Magic.

Frame energy spinning right. And you have these six. Dynamics you can put a dent in pretty much everything if not completely eliminated and. I'm talking about heavy duty stuff.

I've had people have 50% tumor shrinkage from one five minute spinning session right. I've had people do spinning on their horse and it actually worked right. I've had people. I've had literally after a 10-minute color breathing session.

I've had people who had nine years of neuropathy the the feeling comes back into their legs right. I have the videos right. I can't. I can't show them because.

Hippa. But there are if there's people out here that's why. I love my veterans because a lot of these people have been through this right. You don't got to believe it.

But there is a system to doing this and if you have the system everything is possible for you it's just a the only variable is time and resources okay. So your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud and it's never linear. So.

TI is asking is subconscious mind a synonym for the autonomic nervous system yes. To to to oversimplify things yes. As far as. I'm concerned every aspect of of you that is outside of conscious awareness is a part of your autonomic system.

But your conscious mind is too it's just it. But it's just the part of your system that we're aware of right. It's the part of you that consciously pays attention all right. Let me ask you this how many of you have ever been at a party just type me in the chat how many you ever been at a party right.

Lots of people lots of noise right. Now. Richard you have to have been invited to the party not crashing it okay. Right.

So you've been at a party lots of people everywhere right. You're off in a corner talking to somebody and somebody from all the way on the other side of the room says your name and it's like somebody reached out and went and like and all of a sudden your your whole attention is drawn to the person who just said your name how does that work you're completely engrossed in a conversation with somebody else somebody mentions your name from across a noisy room and you hear it it's because the level of awareness that your your system has is on two basic levels conscious and other than conscious there's a little barrier between what you can consciously pay attention to and what your nervous system is paying attention to your nervous system one of its primary jobs its primary directives your autonomic and subconscious. Minds one of its primary goals is to keep you safe and keep you alive and it's it's maniacally self-centered to for lack of a better word right. Your nervous system is narciss istic to the extreme it only cares about itself right.

So because it wants you to survive and reproduce and move on. So it's always paying attention to everything that's going on around you right. And every now and. Then something will happen outside of the level of your conscious mind's awareness.

But your unconscious mind is aware of it and it'll little bubble will pop up through that little wall that separates what you're consciously aware of from what you're unconsciously aware of and all of a sudden you'll feel it like a pressure or you'll you'll hear it and you'll turn and you'll. Orient on it we call that an o o daa. Loop observe. Orient decide act okay.

So remember that the awareness of your system is far greater than what you're conscious of and it's the study of all these things that happen below the threshold of conscious awareness and how we can use and influence that that is the study that. I've devoted my life to human influence. Technologies okay. But we need to understand that when we start to communicate with the system my job as your teacher my.

First job is to teach you these principles and to help you become progressively more aware that's my. First job without awareness there is no. Choice you might want to write that down without awareness there is no. Choice anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control let say that two more times anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control you with me.

So far corollary to that just because something just because your something is outside of your awareness consciously does not mean it isn't controlling you. So my job as your teacher your guide your. Mentor your friend whatever word you want to put to it is to help you become progressively more aware because with aware aess you now have choice and. I'm.

I'm pretty sure most of you came here to get more choice in your world would would that be true did anybody come here to have less control over their life how many do people here came here to get more control to take the randomness out type it in the chat. So. I know you're with me if you had that power if you had that ability what would you do with it what would you change what would be the. First thing that.

You' change type it in the chat what would be the. First thing that you change me me let's be more specific what aspect of your life would you want changed shyness okay. Remove irrational fears perfect kill procrastination more routine lower stress greater peace. I like it.

I like it all on the to-do list all want to do this let's see uh no. Holding back self-image not being affected by abandonment wounds awesome. I had those my quality of life my self trust very nice triggers to use and. Drug okay.

Being bold in business all right. So here's what. I want you to do. I want you to take out a piece of paper right.

Now you take out a piece of paper now if you're driving maybe not do [Laughter] this right. But if you if it is safe for you to uh to do this drill right. What. I want you to do is just write down take the thing that you put in the chat that you shared right.

Write that on the top of the page fact let me do this with you let me just jump into my. PowerPoint really quick let me share real quick by the way just uh for my for my uh to to to curb my insecurities has has this been helpful has this been useful for you guys. So far cool all right. So uh let me go to this.

I just got to make sure. I have room. So this is your emotional motivation checklist. So.

I want you to take whatever it was you shared with me in the chat okay. Write that in write that on your piece of paper and. Then underneath that. I want you to write a question what's important about that and.

I want you to write the answer okay. When you've done that when you've done that type done in the chat right. All right. For those of you who want to make more money in sales and marketing and get more clients.

I'm giving you the formula for doing this anytime anywhere under any circumstance. But we're applying it to ourselves. First. So once you've written your answer.

I want you to take that answer and. I want you to ask. I want you to write underneath that this question question what is important about that and answer the question. So in other words you wrote here what you wanted to change you wrote what's important about it and.

Then you take this answer and you ask the same question about what you wrote. So what we're doing here is we're drilling down type done in the chat when you're done and answer the question okay. So you should have and. Then type done when you're done.

So you should have three qu three answers you should have what it is you want to change what's important about that and if you were to get that part what what what's important about that what that's going to do for you you don't have to share it in the chat this is this is where it gets personal and private this can be done for somebody okay. And ultimately if you had the. First one and the. Second one and the.

Third one what's important about that what would what would that give you when you've got all three answers typee done okay. Very good all right. Now this is the trans part of our training okay. Let me ask you a question beginning of today's webinar.

I said. I would take you as far as. I can and show you where to go to get to level everything up to get full access and to the keys to everything you want is that still true for you do you still want those things can. I still show you how to do that okay.

So here's the. Next piece want you to close your eyes. Actually no. Let's do that there's two stages this we're going to we're going to do this a little differently than.

I normally do it this is something. I. I started changing in my healing intensives. So.

I want you to stand up. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna jump out of my out of my. PowerPoint for a minute and.

I'll use this. I'll use this piece of paper. So. I've got my list right.

I'm gonna hold it up. I'm. G to read what. I want what.

I want to change what's important about that what's important about that what's important about that. I want you to read it scan your body check in with your body notice how you feel okay. Now hold this up and. I want you to read the answers to your.

First question out loud each what's important about that you answered. I want you to read it out loud to yourself five times read it out loud to yourself five times when you've done that type done in the chat that. Susan's done anybody else some of you still some of you are fast that's all right. Good.

Christina's done very good. Richard says done. Perfect all right. Here's where the trance comes in right.

So if you are driving an automobile if you're operating. Machinery if you're doing anything that requires your full and undivided attention do not do this. Next piece okay. I want you to be safe.

I take no. Responsibility for any. Mis any mishaps that occur if you're engaging in an in a trance process while operating. Machinery or equipment or anything like that okay.

Do this at your own risk. But here's what. I want you to do. I'm gonna ask you a question as you look.

At the answers on the sheet that you've just said out loud what happened to your body what happened in your body when you started reading those things out loud what' you notice type it in chat. Richard says you got an energy charge yes. That's why we call it the emotional motivation checklist you see your brain has belief systems you have beliefs that move you forward and beliefs that hold you back one of the things we can do is we can spend a lot of time trying to get over our limiting beliefs or we can tap into the beliefs we have that activate and move us forward without having to worry about the limiting beliefs and we'll talk about more of that in the sessions to come. Christina says feeling calm.

Sharie says relaxed. Susan says felt nothing okay. We need to work on that. Susan uh.

Roco says tension uh. AG felt good lonus says tightness in your throat now if you felt nothing or you had an a good feeling and maybe in the background there was this icky. Naggy uh just me feeling you guys know what. I'm talking about how many of you noticed that there was a good feeling and.

Then maybe in the background there was like this little icky uh maybe not feeling you're trying to ignore notice what. I said you're trying to ignore okay. Congratulations you just found out one of the big secrets that the that the self-help movement didn't teach you and that is this you have two kinds of beliefs beliefs you know about and beliefs you don't and the only time you find a belief you don't know about is when it's provoked in order to fix it you got to provoke it right. Now there's two ways you can do that you can go through the things you want in life and when the belief comes up you deal with it.

Then or you put yourself in situations where you can provoke it preemptively and get rid of it before it becomes a problem for you. Later in life that's what this does okay. When we tap into the value system that you have those are the beliefs about what is good and right. And desirable and true in the world.

So you have beliefs that is your best self and you have beliefs that keep you from having it now the the the beliefs we provoke the beliefs that keep us that hold us back they're almost never in the front they're almost always in the background like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind or deep inside your body it has a far off quality to it how many of you noticed that true or not true. Richard says true. Matthew says true okay. True right.

All right. All right. Now here's here's the bombshell those feelings that are in the background or that have that far off quality they're the stronger belief they're the stronger belief the reason they feel weak like they're no. Big deal like they're just a whim or a notion in the back of your mind is not because they're weak it's because they're deep they're deep in the circuitry and the and the the channels of the autonomic nervous system and they're just being stored there until something in the external environment provokes them.

So that you can process them that's one of the big pieces that again people got wrong or people left out or people didn't understand when you're remember when. I was talking about you driving down that road having a great day and all of a sudden a crappy memory from when you were six pops up that's normal that's normal you see one of the jobs of your unconscious mind is to hold things in storage until you can go back in and process them. But we don't we have a culture that doesn't teach us that we have a culture that teaches us to ignore to deny to repress we got better things to do we got more important things to do. So we just keep stuffing this stuff any anywhere we can put it.

But the more things we stuff the more energy we lock down in the system until. Finally when you hit your 35 40s 50s all of a sudden your system can't contain that anymore and you wind up in my chair with. IBS chronic fatigue. Epstein bar any form of autoimmune you could think of cancers why because of the repression and the denial that you haven't been dealing with when you're moving through the world and your unconscious mind spits something up it's saying hey remember this we can fix it you want to fix this yet or not.

But we stuff it down because we don't understand because the conscious mind is giving a narrative about we'll deal with that. Later we got to focus on this right. Now are you guys with me. So far.

But the. Dynamics of the unconscious mind don't change it came up. First it came up honestly it felt like you were making it up you had an urge to immediately edit what just came up it wasn't loud and it didn't make any linear sense okay. Because your unconscious mind doesn't group things in linear time your unconscious mind groups things by what they have in common what they have in common that's how it it's not linear okay.

And again for those of you who are therapists you've probably encountered this where you go after a and all of a sudden b c d and e show up out of nowhere and you don't know how you got there right. Because your unconscious mind groups things by where they overlap now why did. I bring this up to you because. I want to teach you how to clear those in part three of the webinar the.

First thing we have to do is. De is know what we want and imagine what that might be like. So. I want you to stand up or um if you're if you if you if you're more comfortable doing this sitting down that's fine otherwise.

I want you to stand up. I want you to think about the things you want and. I'm going to ask you a magic again you don't have to type this in the chat this is all rhetorical going forward just follow my instructions with a fun playful loving attitude and want and and experience this for me okay. I want you to close your eyes.

I want you to think about what you want and what it's going to be like to have it how will you know when you've got it what are you going to see what are you going to here what are you going to smell what are you going to taste what might that be like the important thing here is what might it be like what might it be like. I call this your step. Spielberg moment because in this moment. I want you to create an alternate reality movie where you see yourself having that best life if you could go as far back into the past as you want to as far into the future as you need to and write script cast direct every moment of that ideal life that allows you to experience that amazing outcome what might that be like.

I want you to go ahead right. Now as. I continue to talk with your eyes. Closed and not driving.

I want you to make that movie in your mind and. I want you to make it awesome. I want you to make it big as a drive-in movie theater screen. Crystal.

Clear like an. IMAX. Turn. Up.

The. Sounds the smells the fa. The. Taste the feel best life ever and when it's completely awesome in every way.

I want it to be. So good ladies and gentlemen that you can't even sniff it without a big old smile on your face and when you're ready. I want you to notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel it and point to it and notice there's a color maybe even the series of colors connected to those amazing feelings just keep it to yourself. But understand realize and know what color might that be for you.

First impression and once you know what that color or colors are. I want you to expand that movie screen even more. I want you to step into that movie and. I want you to live it.

First person over and over and over again see the world through those eyes. Hear the world through those ears smell and taste and feel the world through that mind body and soul alive with that amazing life experience and. I want you to watch it and. I want you to live it not once not twice.

But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times stronger a hundred times better a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before until it overwrites and replaces every experience you've ever had before and. Then it just keeps getting better and better and better and. I want you to notice that color in your body.

I want you to notice how with each past each repetition of that amazing alternate reality movie that energy in your body begins to grow begin to expand begins to fill your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between and. Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger till it becomes. So strong. So powerful.

So. Unstoppable ladies and gentlemen it begins to radiate radiate radiate from your body like the. Rays of the sun forming a beautiful colored frame around that new reality that you've created and when you're ready to own it to embody it to personify it completely. I want you to reach out grab that frame with both of your hands with the reality inside of it lift it up over your head expand it to fill the infinite.

Universe pass it through your entire being head to toe. Mind. Body. Soul energy.

Spirit over and over and over again and keep doing that until every part of your being is vibrating in perfect and complete harmony with this new reality and just keep going until it's 100% 110% 120% just keep going until every part of you is embodying that new reality whole and total fully and completely you may notice as you go through this process your body does all kinds of interesting things some people break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people get all tingly some people get hot all over some people yawn some people vomit some people people fart some some people do whatever bodily response your body generates is supposed to be happening that's just how your body does it let it happen as the changes lock in and take over those other things are just going to fade away when you know it's done and only when you know it's done stop for a moment test it try to go back to the old version of yourself and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied only when you're satisfied stop testing and type in the chat what just happened. Susan says cool. I'm smiling that's a big change huh yes. Very much.

Matthew says felt the power radiate from me and alter my past. Spectre says. I was in another world. I felt myself act grounded and act in my power and unshakable uh.

I was in another world. I felt myself actualized tweak is shivering intense. State chained how long did it take. G.

Wilson says. David what have you done to us. I didn't do anything the magic is in you all. I did was help you log in your own dashboard.

So. Sher says. I went into a place of pain and wounded coming back here interesting okay. That needs some deeper work uh um see here seconds mere seconds yeah two minutes tweak says right.

Now that's one technique all right. So what'll happen many times is this particular exercise will unlock a chain of things that you can you can begin like think of like of it like a um like a string a trail of breadcrumbs that will lead you back to what we call an initial sensitizing event which when you clear that everything else dissolves sounds like. I missed a good one all right. So.

I promised you. I would that was one technique from the whole system see how powerful what would happen if you had access to all of it you think your life might change a little bit yes. Or yes. All right.

So with your permission. I'd like to go ahead and share this with you and and show you how to get access to everything. I put together for you tonight like. I said before a lot of you um.

I would all. I would love for all of you to be in all of my classes to be in every you know have every one of your butts in my seats. I know that's just not realistic. So what.

I've done and. I've always think. I'm always thinking about this how can. I create a pathway for people to get the changes and the.

Transformations that they truly want need um in the most comprehensive way possible. So. I'd like to share this with you this is called the uh mastering your mind reality reprogramming and personal transformation for healing influence and success home study course this is a set of programs that. I've put together to design oops sorry.

I just covered my own screen um that. I've designed to help you really do all this work from the comfort of your own home mym is all about taking your life to the. Next level it's about learning how to manifest wealth and abundance and align your mind with prosperity. Consciousness and attracting financial success in effortless way it's about mastering the the skills of persuasion and influence to get more people to say yes.

To you without resistance using secret. NLP techniques spiritual techniques meditations opening your heart and bathing them in love and light and show finding out what they really want and showing them how to get whatever they want by doing what you want it's a very very much a win-win approach to winning in the world it's about transforming your relationships and learning how to build deep emotional connections improved communication and attract the right. People into your life if you've ever gotten sick and tired of dating the same person with a different face this is one of the most important things you'll read today if you want to have. Unstoppable confidence and.

Charisma if you want the ability to step into any room and radiate this heartfelt loving power and magnetism and. Authority that people just bond to and move to right. Um this is going to be something that will completely change your life right. If you ready to break free of fear and limiting beliefs and self-sabotage and procrastination to program your mind to take.

Massive. Action and achieve your biggest goals fast this is something you really probably want to pay attention to okay. If you're ready and. I showed you experientially that you can do this there's.

I'm not special every single one of you can do this right. You just need a little bit more guidance a little bit more structure to what you're doing and you can write your ticket in this life it's about creating rapid lasting permanent change in your life that only gets better it's about using the power inherent built in latent in your own autonomic nervous system your subconscious mind to become the person that you came here to be to be the to live your very best life that's my goal right. I walk the talk my students walk the walk. I want you to be one of those oops this is wrong.

I forgot to change the. PowerPoint this this offer is good until the end of today. March 13 2025. I apologize for that.

I did not realize. I forgot to change the. PowerPoint. So you probably see this this date again.

But the date should actually be uh. March 13 2025 okay. So what does the mastering your mind program include well it's going to include a 14 video home study course called we call it the self-mastery supercharger or sometimes we call it secrets of. Personality transformation and it's got seven full and complete stages to it the stage where you remove all the negativity from your life that you didn't know you have stuff that you're conscious of and stuff you're not conscious of right.

Remember those icky. Naggy feelings we found when we were doing the positive exercise we'll show you how to find those and clear those before they have a chance to come up and just derail your life we're going to teach you how to remove the unconscious safety rules that are keeping you stuck if you've ever had an issue that you thought was gone and. Then all of a sudden you find yourself in a similar situation and all those feelings come flooding back or you go to somebody to get treated and it goes from a seven to a six a six to a five a five to a four four to a three a three to a two and. Then it hits that two or that one and it just doesn't get any better chances are your autonomic nervous system has attached a little file to that experience that is preventing you from fully getting rid of it we call those safety rules once you understand what they're for and how they work.

I can show you in minutes how to get rid of any safety rule. So that you can proceed to continue to change those things until they hit a zero and. Then transform them into something that you want instead that's part two of the identity by. Design system we're going to teach you how to remove the negative voices in your head that hold you back you know the voices.

I'm talking about the voice that just said what voice the voice that says. Ah you don't need that oh that's too much money oh you don't deserve that it's too much work you'll never amount to anything. I'm a drunk you're a drunk you'll probably your kids will probably be a drunk that voice that you inherited that you didn't ask for that you didn't plan on that has been narrating your life in a shitty way. I'm going to show you in no.

Uncertain terms how to remove it transform it and have it become your biggest most supportive most loving cheerleader. Mentor guide and. Coach right. You've ever gotten tired of your other than conscious mind just feeding you all the reasons why you can't do something why you don't deserve to have something this one technique can change everything everything okay.

I'm going to teach you step by step how to install four pillars of personal power and success in my studies on optimizing human performance in my goal to become the best. I could be at martial arts at dating and attraction persuasion and influence healing whatever it is. I found that there are default states that we move through the world in states of depression or anxiety or worry or fear and and we're very used to those. States.

So. I started asking myself if. I could replace that default state with something more useful with something that would build me up and inspire me to move forward what states would do that for me and. I came across four you might be surprised to learn that uh.

I only found four. I didn't find only four the problem is is that not every positive state that you experience moves you forward there's only a few key states that actually inspire you or motivate you to take a chance to go for something and that's curiosity playfulness relentlessness and victory and. Triumph. So we're going to teach you in step four of the identity by design process how to install these four driver.

States into you. So that they're constantly there they're always on demand and you can turn them up and amplify them anytime you want or need to okay. We call this process pillars of power you can actually see a demonstration of it on my. YouTube channel.

But it's part of an underlying system okay. I'm going to teach you how to systematically sanitize all of the negativity from your past memories what if you could go back through your entire history find all the energy that's locked in all of your negative memories and just suck out the energy shatter those those uh those memories like they were just um you know sugared glass that they use in movies have it. Blow. Away like.

Dust in the. Wind take all that energy pump it into all of your positive memories. So that when you think back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better how would your life change if you had the ability to move energy around in your memory. So the good memories got stronger and the negative memories just completely disappeared and were impossible to uh affect you what would your life be like if you could do that for a tweak the four states are curiosity uh relentlessness playfulness and victory um.

I want to what if. I could take all of those things we just talked about the ability to clear conscious and unconscious negativity the ability to remove safety rules that are keeping you stuck the four the negative voices in your head and the four pillars of. Unstoppable power and success and the. Santi and the sanitization of negativity what if.

I could take those five or six processes and install those in you at the genetic memory level if you've ever heard of something called epigenetics what what if we could take that and install it as a program in your genetic memory. So that every time your cells multiply and divide that program amplifies and magnifies that it instinctively automatically applies that process to every thought and memory and experience that you have now that's the remedial process. But what if we could take the traits qualities characteristics attributes skills and. Genius of other people people that you would admire people that you want to be more like people who you think of as role models for you what if we could take the their best attributes and install them through mirror neurons and deep trans identification into your autonomic nervous system in such a way that they become a template for you to express those skills and abilities too what if you could do all of that ladies and gentlemen what if you could do all that in less than eight minutes you heard me right.

What if you could do all that in less than eight minutes now training to be able to do that in eight minutes is going to take you a little longer. But once you've gone through the training process you'll be able to go from part. A to part. Z in eight minutes or less okay.

This is our mastering your mind this is where we start okay. It's going to come with a whole hypnosis manual that has a whole lot of techniques and abil skills and abilities and principles for how to run your mind effectively you're going to come with an online community total value on this is $2,497 okay. But this is just where we're starting guys. I've put together the the mac daddy the the the mama the mother of all transformation programs for you and.

I want to make it super easy for you to get it. So when you grab your package not only you going to get all this this where we start you're also going to get hidden. Laws of. Attraction for those of you who are into manifestation those of you who want to use the power of your subconscious mind to pull things into your reality if you want to be able to communicate with that particular formation system and interact with the quantum.

Universe in such a way that you become naturally lucky more magnetic to money the ability to influence people in person or remotely to find and remove the hidden negativity and blocks to your success and other people's success that they didn't even know they had if you want to be able to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away or more importantly if those issues keep coming back to figure out why they keep coming back what is that lesson what is that thing trying to teach you. So you can. Finally let it go and move. Beyond it hidden.

Laws of. Attraction is where we start to get a little bit more. Quantum in our approach to utilizing the power of your autonomic nervous system if. I could teach you a powerful set of language patterns that would in.

L trigger a chain reaction of. Unstoppable energy and motivation in your life to attract the things you want and to change what you deserve even if you don't think you deserve it if. I could show you a powerful way to do that would that how would that impact your life would that be useful that's just part of what we're going to do with hidden. Laws of.

Attraction okay. If you could delete the negativity and vibrational imprints from your past. But not just your past your parent past your grandparents past your past lives any place that you've inherited a less than powerful genetic memory or vibrational imprint. I'm going to teach you how to remove those right.

What if we could take the natural qualities and characteristics of people who are just naturally lucky who've been studied because their lives are examples of higher than average positive serendipitous events teach you how to take those core characteristics and install them through the identity by design process into your mind body and nervous system. So that you become automatically more lucky how would that change things based on what you've learned. So far based on the experiences you've had how could how would that make a difference for you right. What if you could what if.

I could give you in my opinion one of the most powerful engines of manifestation. I have ever experienced in many of my videos you've heard me talk about uh bill bangston and the image cycling technology that. I that. I modeled from him in my opinion what bangston bankston's method was uh someone searching for gold and striking.

Platinum um and. I've taken what. I've learned from. Bill and.

I've modified it using the other technologies that we've had to create one of the most powerful methods for manifesting in my opinion patently impossible stuff. But the original image cycling technology that. I learned was tested in double blind animal. Placebo controlled animal studies on rats designed to die from cancer and the.

Rats got cured that's the. S that's the technology. I borrowed from to create the most powerful manifestation tool ever now uh. I don't have time to go through every single manifestation story that image is responsible for.

But after you've clicked the links and in the chats and stuff like that. I invite you to go to my. YouTube channel and type in funny. Law of.

Attraction stories it's about a 20 or 30 minute video where. I do nothing. But tell stories of things that have happened as a byproduct of this image cycling. Pro process okay.

And there's a whole lot more in here. So this is a really really powerful program by itself when you combine it with the master your mind crash course the the processes. I've just talked about you get an exponential return on your investment you get a whole that's greater than the sum of the parts now that's just two parts of this program that we put together imagine what your life will be like right. Total value on this is $1,997.

But there's more right. We're also going to include these special bonuses right. You're going to get the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course now this program for those of you who are coaches healers mentors who are looking to add more power to the work you're already doing for those of you who are looking to add an e an extra income stream to your business this is probably one going to give you the biggest boost to your bottom line both in terms of client outcomes as well as uh services that you can charge for this is our.

First hypnotherapy home study course. I know. I shouldn't. I probably shouldn't say this.

But. I've actually had um students from a very well-known. Medical. University reach out to me recently um to use this course for extra credit for their uh their doctoral students.

I won't say which university it is. I won't say how many students there were let's just say there was more than three um and uh. So. I'm very proud of this program uh.

I'm clinically it has nothing beats it uh and. So for you guys who are ready to to to not just work on yourselves. But want to take this work out into the world and make a difference in other people's lives this is the program that you need included in this program is a 30 minute process where you can take any person walking in your door and from from cold start to uh to to 30 minutes they will it has a 90% conversion rate from. Prospect to client.

So if you're having issues getting clients to want to take you up on your services. I'll show you a practically bulletproof way uh where you don't have to be me at all uh to get nine out of 10 people coming into your door to raise their hand and say. Yes. I want to work with you okay.

Uh anybody out there using this process with their clients now that want to that want to chime in on the chat feel feel free this program is going to teach you systematically how to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason it's going to teach you how to remove the blocks to your success remove them negativity your clients didn't even know they had clear up all the issues that just don't seem to go away change the crappy voices in their head. So that it builds them up instead of tearing them down and resolve all that negativity from their past. So that when they look. On the past they only do it in ways that make their life better okay.

And. Then. Finally to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people that you want that your clients want to be more like the other thing is it's going to teach you how to deal with clients who freak out uh one of the biggest pet peeves. I have about people in the hypnotherapy industry especially classical hypnotherapy is they don't adequately prepare their clients or their their students to deal with clients who are going to abreact who have intense emotional uh unexpected and sometimes uncontrollable emotional purges we're going to get that out of the way right.

In day one we're going to fix that. So that it never throws you again um the other thing that. I it's going to do for you we're going to teach you instant and. Rapid inductions on day one.

So that you know that you can drop people into trans anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason there are people in this chat who've actually been uh in a. Lobby undergoing. Renovations. Next to an active operating.

Jackhammer hypnotizing people with 100% success when. I say that this takes you from hypnotic zero to hypnotic hero this is it's exactly what. I'm talking about there's no. There's no.

Overstatements here at all you don't have to believe it you just got to do it total combined value on this is. U we already talked about hidden. Laws of. Attraction um.

Finally we're going to throw in uh real world hypnosis uh conversational hypnosis this is stealth. CPI the reason that we're doing this is because we would we spent the the past two or three courses giving you the ability to uh program your mind to do what you want what we need now is a way for you to express yourself in such a way that people feel compelled to do what you want them to do and to do that in an ethical and honest way. So we're including this this particular course this is called real world conversational hypnosis and it's going to teach you how to conversationally uh charismatically influence anyone anytime anywhere how to emotionally. Bond and connect with anyone you want and have them responding to you in the way you want pretty much at will it's going to teach you how to control your own emotions and emotional state and use them to become more magnetic and connecting with other people.

I'm. G to it will teach you the seven most powerful hypnotic language programs that when you use them will cause people to believe what you say and do what you want without ever having to lie steal cheat confabulate or misrepresent what you do in any way it will allow you to direct a. PO person's focus of attention to exactly what you want them to pay attention to and ignore everything else it'll allow you to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your subjects or your listeners even if those things have absolutely nothing common if you're a hypnotist or a therapist think about what you could do if you could systematically direct the thoughts and beliefs and feelings of another human being. So they get the change they're paying you for what if you could take anything you want and have it mean anything you want in the minds of your subject we're going to give you a language pattern and a process for doing that in an infallible way okay.

What if you could literally force a person's internal mind movies to be exactly what you want them to be with zero chance of resistance okay. That's also part of this training what if you have the ability to instantly make people like love and. Trust. You deeper than they've trusted their best friends okay.

And just keep accelerating that connection from there all that and more this is a $1,950 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free total combined value on everything we've talked about. So far is $7,450 now we've talked a lot about how to reprogram your subconscious mind we've talked a lot about how to influence people one of the systems one of the things that we need to really become experts and. Masters in for oursel. First and.

Then for our client. Second is the power of our belief systems and. So to help you do that we've included this special program this program is called. Renegade reframing it is easily one of the fastest most effective ways to change any belief in seconds sometimes minutes sometimes seconds during normal conversations think about this for a moment what if for every limiting belief that you became aware of that was holding you back in any way you had no.

Less than 14 different ways to change that before you started stacking them what would your life be like if you could just you had 14 different choices on how to change your belief and believe anything you wanted what if you had the ability to overcome any limiting belief your wife your children your clients your sales prospects came up with and you had 14 different ways to overcome that and have them feeling good about it and having them think it was their idea what could you do with that how could you build your business how could you transform your relationships how could you get more of the things you want by helping other people get what they want that's exactly what this program will do for you and more when. I started teaching my uh my mega students and my influence coaching students how to use this process on their own limiting beliefs their lives changed in minutes they literally could not go back to thinking about the belief or having that belief the same way okay. This is a $1,950 value it comes with a game that you can play with your friends and family to get you really good at at zapping these things like quick drop right. We call it the the reframe game some people turn it into a drinking game.

I don't. Advocate drinking. But. However you want to do it right.

Where you literally can pass in not insults. But limiting beliefs objections back and forth challenge people to overcome it and. Then overcome their their objection by overcoming you know they overcome your objection you overcome their objection and it it becomes a lot of fun. But you'll it'll allow you to win any argument overcome any objection and change any limiting belief including your own in minutes this is one of the most powerful and fun aspects of what we do in.

Planet. David and. I'm using this all the time. I'm just not telling anybody right.

Um. So once again it's $1,950 value that combined with everything that. I've shared with you. So far total combined value on this package is $939 if you register before the end of the webinar.

So let's look. At um what we've got for you right. Now you're going to get the master your mind home study. PR program which the seven stage identity by design process valued at $2,497 you're going to get the real world hypnosis identity identity by.

Design hypnotherapy certification program valued at $1,497 um boy this. PowerPoint needs some editing uh we're going to get the hidden. Laws of. Attraction mind magic and manifestation master class.

I believe. I was pricing that at $19.97. But we're going to give it to you for. E either way uh you're going to get the stealth.

CPI level one universal persuasion protocol valued at $1,950 and you're going to get the. Renegade reframing the secrets for overcoming any objection and changing any belief in minutes during normal conversations it's a $1,950 value think about all the if just a tenth of what. I've talked about is true for you right. How is that going to change everything and guys and gals believe me when.

I actually don't believe me grab the course test the material and prove me wrong if even a tenth of what. I'm sharing with you how is that going to change your life right. Because that's what. I'm here for.

I'm here to actually. I was meditating the other day and uh. I was like what am. I supposed to do and and the.

First thing that was one of the. First things that popped in my head which. I never gotten this before was. I'm here to teach the teachers right.

So my job is to make you as good as humanly possible. So you can go out and change the world you're the teachers if that's what you want to be right. But. First you got to transform yourself.

Then you become example for everybody else and life just gets better for everyone. So total value on this guys is $939 now obviously. I want to make this easy for you. So.

I want to give you the best deal that. I can today right. So you're not going to have to pay $ 9,391 not today right. You're not going to have to pay uh 5,341 if.

I knock almost three or four grand off that would still be a heck of a deal if you think about what it will do for you right. One of the. Just. One of these programs netted me over $200,000 um in in back of the room sales just by using one of these techniques.

So it's a it's a pretty good. Roi if you put it out there right. So. But we're not going to charge that we're not even going to ask for 3347 okay.

I'm just going to cut to the chase 1497 would that be a good deal would this be a great deal at 1497 well guess what. I'm not even going to do that you click that link in your chat right. Now. I'm going to give you every single thing.

I've talked about plus a few more things that. I haven't talked about for just 797. I'm doing this because. I want you to win right.

I want you sorry. I almost went into a cheap trick song. I. Want.

You to. Want. Me no. I'm teasing.

I'm just having fun with this. But. I love this stuff right. I want you to be a winner.

I want you to make your life the idolization the. Envy of everybody and. Then show them how to do it too. So you can get it all for just a one low installment of 797 or you can break that up into uh three easy installments of 397 each all you got to do is click that link in your chat uh www.lpower.com 4M n d.

That's www.lpower.com slm i n d go ahead and do that now while you can now for those of you who are wondering is is this for real. David. I don't know. I don't know if.

I deserve this. I don't know if this will work for me here's my challenge for you and my promise ladies and gentlemen click that link let me show you really quick click this link get your course work it for 60 days if you have questions email us call us let us help you over the sticking points if at the end of 60 days you are not on the fast track to manifesting more money to finding the love that you want the way that you want it if you're not counting and attracting more success into your life if you're not starting to see the manifestation of your dreams coming your way appearing in your life almost by accident if you're not already feeling more secure and confident and. Powerful if you're not really winning. I will refund every dime that you've invested in this program all.

I ask is after you click that link you work the plan for 60 days if on day 59 it's not working pick up the phone reach out to. Moss or. Mia we'll refund your money and you can keep whatever programs you've downloaded right. That's my gift for you for it's my way of saying thank you for hey giving us a shot you guys don't help me by not winning.

So. I'm. I'm fully invested in you. But.

I can't want it more than you if you're ready for a change you know what to do click that link and start working the plan okay. Now for those of you who are early adopters those of you who like to be fast action takers and. I always like to reward people who do that please ignore this deadline the deadline is. March 133 2025.

I completely don't know how. I missed all these typos in this. PowerPoint because it it it um. Anyway the universe's way of laughing and making me humble.

Anyway tonight's deadline is. March 13 2025 11:59 p.m this offer that. I've just made up to this point is 100% available to you right. Now if you click that link or call.

Moss or. Mia until tonight. March 133 2025 at 11:59 p.m. the offer goes away now if you call. Mia or.

Moss or you email them please please please please leave your contact information if you leave your contact information on the phone when you call. Moss you will qualify for bonuses if you do not leave your contact information and you call us the. Next day or we call you the. Next day you will not qualify for the bonuses.

So please we always have a stampede at this point in the webinar please please please if you get the voicemail because we only have two operators at any given moment leave your contact information. So you qualify okay. I'. I've.

I'm. I'm sometimes pretty adamant about sticking to my rules sometimes. I'm more merciful other days not. So much.

So please by all means click those links right. Now www.lpower.com m i n d for those of you who have already clicked the link. I've got extra gifts for you right. And these.

GI and these gifts are as good are good for anybody until. I log off the webinar. So everything. I've talked about up to this point is available until 11:59 p.m.

Pacific. Time or 11:59 p.m. in whatever part of the world you're in. So if you're in. Hawaii for example you're a little bit behind us or ahead of us behind us behind us.

So you might have a little bit extra room in either case if you're not sure email moss and me and we'll let you know. But for those of you on the chat right. Now. I'm about to launch into some other amazingly cool bonuses that.

I'm going to give you 100% for free. But these are only available to you if you click the link before. I log off the webinar in other words when. I log off these bonuses go away okay.

I said it it's in the video when you watch the replay you were you were told okay. So. First one we're going to include when you click that link a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group now what's important to understand about the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program is that is the longest running. NLP and hypnosis mentoring group program in existence it's been running nonstop every month of every year on the. Third. Saturday of the month for since 2010 do the math okay.

On the on the. Third. Saturday of every month at 11:00 am. I come in.

I look. Around the room. I look. Who's there and.

I say. Agnes what do you want to learn. Clowny what do you want to learn. Mia what do you want to learn uh.

Richard what do you want to learn. Roger what do you want to learn. Agnes what do you want to learn uh. Sophia what do you want to learn right.

Um and. I write it down on the board. I look. At all the connecting threads.

I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next three three and a half to four four or five hours. I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep the thing about the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program is it gives you the one thing maybe two things really that make all the success. First one is it gives you access to an opportunity to practice in real time with real people on. Real. Techniques and get real world feedback the.

Second thing is it gives you a community it gives you a tribe that you can hang out with and talk about these things without feeling like a freak or having people give you the the bombastic side ey or whatever it is that that they do when you try to talk about these these subjects right. It gives you support it gives you a community it gives you the ability to roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills you are not going to get a certificate from. The. Mastermind mentoring program what you're going to get is skill what you're going to get is an ability to do this out in the real world in real situations and circumstances and the ability to com consistently hone your techniques and make it better okay.

Not only that not only you're. GNA get a three-month full full trial membership to the actual live trainings or virtual training depending on how you look. At it we're going to give we video taped every single training session since. October of 2010 and we're archiving that we're actually moving the archive into a kajabi platform and everybody in the.

Mastermind program will have unlimited access to the entire 14year video archive stuff that's never been shown on. YouTube never been featured in a product uh we're gonna use. AI to organize it a little bit. So you can find content a little easier.

But it's largely uh member driven and you can binge watch that stuff for hours weeks and months to your heart's content for as long as you're a member in good standing of the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program if at the end of your 90-day trial you love what you're getting and you want to stay we'll show you how to extend your membership if at the end of those 90 days you got what you needed you got your hands on you're getting your outcomes you're good no. Harm no.

Foul we'll terminate your membership and you go off into the world and make it yours right. Tot value on this is $1,597 we're going to give it to you absolutely free just for being one of the. First people tonight to click that link before. I log off.

So if you've already clicked the link you already got this you just didn't know it uh sher's asking can we watch this recording again yes. You can watch the recording again. But the bonuses are in real time. So if that's a factor for you it's a factor if not yeah this will be up on.

YouTube uh probably be on our homepage maybe a couple other websites that we operate off and by all means please watch it because. I. I'm telling you right. Now.

I gave you guys a treasure. Trove of principles and and practices that you're going to be able to use to transform your life if you apply just the six. Dynamics to any other meditative or uh transformational process that you're engaged in you're going to get better results faster. I've discovered that if you for those of you who are.

Hypno. If you teach these six. Dynamics to your clients before you put them in trance or run them through a suggestibility test your level of resistance and reactance from the patient drops to almost nothing if you teach them this. First that's one of the reasons.

I gave it to you you got you have that six. Dynamics you have that emotional bonding and emotional motivation checklist you have everything you need to start getting people to like love trust you and sign up for your services you have everything you need to motivate them to take the actions you want them to take based on the information you get from the unconscious mind it's all. I. I front loaded you with that right.

At the beginning of the webinar. But there's a complete system that these things are drawn from and. I want you to. I want you to have access to the full thing.

So the total value on this is for long periods of time and. I'm one of them by the way for those of you who want to uh an ability to just have a fast start to get out there start slinging your hypnotic. Jedi skills out into the world we're going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course stealth is actually an acronym yes. It sounds cool.

But it also stands for strategic suggestion through emotionally. Amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis right. Hypnotic language conversational hypnosis that's what it's about with this program you can watch two videos takes you less than two hours and be out hypnotizing people automatically right. Away it's literally that fast.

But there's more to it than that you're going to get the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist things that allow you to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener direct their focus of attention embed commands hypnotic hot buttons where you tap into their emotional values and. Link them to what you want uh there's videos in there uh where. I'm teaching um a private. Meetup session in somebody's home and.

I'm doing language patterns um. I'm teaching instant and. Rapid inductions uh some versions of this actually come with a hidden. Laws of.

Attraction crash course if you which we've actually bonused a bigger version of that to you um previously it comes with uh anchors in action it comes with aity on lie detection and skill sets it comes with videos transcripts. MP3s workbooks it's it's a full booat uh course on instant conversational hypnosis you download it tonight be hypnotizing people to tonight or tomorrow depending on how fast you go through the. First couple hours of training it's a $997 value we're going to bonus this to you absolutely free as one of the fast if you just click that link right. Now and reserve your spot.

So uh total value on this combined package is $1,075. But we're not done yet. I'm a big big proponent my friends of being in the room locking you in and just transforming forming you for three or five solid days. So for any of you who click that link right.

Now or who have clicked the link already you're. GNA get free from me from the wonderful world of. Planet. David.

NLP power a. VIP. Anything. Goes.

Super event bonus ticket let me tell you what this is about this ticket gives you instant access to your choice of any single three-day intensive with one exception identity by. Design identity by. Design starts in less than two weeks and if you grab if you click your link now identity by. Design is a five-day training and you'll automatically be registered to sit in the identity by.

Design classroom either virtually or in person absolutely free. So not only do you get the home study course you get to live it and do the drills in real time with real people it's a 5-day program you're going to eliminate self- sabotage you're going to heal your your physical and emotional pain and suffering you're going to remove blocks to your success and limiting beliefs you're going to find and remove hidden negativity you and your clients didn't even know they had you're going to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away you're going to change that crappy voice in your head. So that it's one that build you up and inspires you and motivates you instead of tearing you down and holding you back it's going to teach you how to resolve all the negative energy and reclaim the negative energy from your past move it into your positive memories and build up a version of yourself that is absolutely. Unstoppable okay.

You'll get in touch with your true self and go far beyond what you even believed you were capable of that's identity by. Design and if you can make it you've got a ticket for a front row seat all you got to do is click that link right. Now and you get it now if you can't make identity by. Design you can take that ticket you can apply it to our.

Next face reading for. Fun and. Profit three-day home study boot or live boot camp you can do that virtually or you can do that in person like. I said.

I want you in the room with me. I want to to be able to touch your touch you on the nose and say are you getting this. But if you can only do it virtually we're set up for that too in fact. Moss.

Kudos out to. Moss because. Moss is such a customer uh and student oriented person every time we do a live event he adds more technology he finds new camera angles and new cameras and and more interfaces and more and more ways for our virtual students to have a deeper richer. Fuller experience of the live event now.

I got to be honest with you. I hate that he does that why is that it's because. I want you in the room. I'm this going be up front.

I want you in the room where. I can. I can shake your hand and. I can.

I can you know touch you on the nose or or feel your you know watch your colors change and stuff like that. But let's be honest in a postco world with all the craziness that's going on people have gotten used to training from home home and. I get that. So the question became how do we make it better how can we make our online virtual training experience as close to fully immersive as being in the room as unly possible and.

Then build on that and honestly to. Moss's credit. God bless. Millennials he's figuring it out.

So we've gotten tremendous tremendous positive feedback on the. Last three or four events that we've done from the you know the camera angles the interactiveness the whole nine yards. So when you log on to one of these trainings it's not just where you're just going to have you know you just you're just a fly on the wall you're part of the class and that's really exciting. So and that's true for our virtual healing intensive which has a very limited enrollment.

So if you our virtual healing intensive is basically you and a small group of people with me for three solid days doing nothing. But clearing your and transforming your life it's like having a personal session from me that lasts three solid days anybody who's had the uh virtual healing intensive experience please post your your experiences in the chat let people know what that's like all these are $2,497 value you get to pick one and come free absolutely free total value on everything that we've talked about. So far is 13,572 okay. But you can get it all for one low installment of just 7.97 or three installments of 3.97 now if you do the math right.

Our regular webinar prices are 997 we're going to take an extra $200 off just because of. St. Patrick's. Day this month right.

So threes installments are just 3.97 you're going to get the secrets of. Personality mind control manifestation or mind. Mastery home study course you're going to get the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course by at $1,497.

Value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation and mind control. Mastery $1,497 stal.

CPI. Universal persuasion protocol. Renegade reframing rapid conversation of belief change home study course um all valued at 1950 each we're going to get you're going to get the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program and the 14-year video archive $1,597 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation that nois crash course valued at $1,000. I'm sorry $997 we're going to give you that free and you're going to get that. VIP. Anything.

Goes. Super. EV event ticket. First 15 people only if you're one of the people to click that link total value on this is $ 13,572 you can get it all for one low installment of just $797 all you got to do is click that link in your chat um https colon www.lpower.com click those links in your chat we're going to take a seven minute break.

So you guys can go ahead and click those links go through the process when we come back we're going to pick up with phase three we're going to start clearing blocks to success overcoming limiting beliefs all the little. Naggy things that came up if you guys want to clear that stuff or work on how to clear that stuff we'll do that. I'll give you some other options for how we can also work with your unconscious mind if there's other things you want to learn about. I'm happy to talk about those and guide you through those processes after you click that link take your break grab a drink grab some some stuff to take notes with if you haven't already right.

And uh we'll be back in uh sevenish minutes let's do all it'll be 612 612 yeah uh 612 my time uh at specific and. Then we will continue with phase three of our webinar click those links and. I will see you on the other side e e e e e all right. I'm back from my break.

So um while we're waiting uh. I see uh a. Christina says healing intensive was advertised as advert was is as advertised intense. So worth it work through more stuff in three days and three years in therapy my therapist was like what's new you're making amazing progress highly recommended uh just don't plan on any social events for the following day yes.

Do not do that the work is real um because after the work is real. I needed a day to recover from all yes. Very nice well done. Christina.

Well. Done. Right. Yeah.

I can honestly say having met. Christina for the. First time during the. Intensive she did not see it coming she did not see that coming.

G. Wilson says. David do you have any tips for doing the future pace and cleanup step from. The.

General change work. Silo on yourself play pretend as much as possible and and stop and don't try to control uh what you find and every now and. Then when when something comes up just ask yourself and. Then what happens and and notice what your unconscious mind does when you're doing the future pace and cleanup the whole idea behind future future pace and clean up is the understanding and you'll learn this in identity by.

Design obviously you have it because you're asking a very uh someone who's a question that only someone who's been through the program um would would know when you're doing future paac and cleanup the whole idea behind future pace and cleanup is to is the understanding that your autonomic nervous system already has your future planned out your autonomic nervous system actually creates a is a predictive mechanism and. So it's always predicting what's going to happen. Next and navigating you to make sure that the prediction matches the experience and what people won't what people don't know and even even scientists a lot of scientists don't know this is that anytime your nervous system encounters an experience that is different from the prediction your autonomic system backs up your cognition and your awareness makes the revisions and. Then moves you forward again.

So you never know that what you encountered versus what you predicted isn't exactly the same now. I'm not just making this up there's uh there's some pretty solid science behind this if you pick up the book. Uh seven and a half lessons about the brain by. Dr.

Lisa. Filman. Barrett you'll feel she has she's the scientist who uncovered this this aspect of the uh of the autonomic nervous system and and proceptive nervous system and interoceptive nervous system we have all these different systems that communicate below the threshold of conscious awareness and when you follow the identity by. Design system you you integrate all these systems together in a common language towards a common purpose which is why you tend to get change uh.

So quickly. But that's background information to answer uh the question uh which. I answered for. Wilson.

But for those of you who maybe not have don't have haven't got your package yet your unconscious mind is always making a prediction of your future that is based on its past. So when you go back and you change something in your past memory the prediction that your unconscious mind creates is modified and edited. So in the future pace and cleanup strategy what you're doing is after you've done your change work you project yourself into your future prediction you you go down into it you look. Around and you see what you find because what your autonomic nervous system creates your autonomic nervous system accepts and that's one of the.

Prime directives of your unconscious mind is to make your external experience match your internal reality and that's why the future patient cleanup is is such an important part of the practice is because it's a way for you to check yourself to make sure that you're your the changes you're making are moving your life in the direction you want them to go. So um. G was saying oh. I was thinking you'd go into the future and if you saw something bad and you come out of it and say there's a reason that happened okay.

You could do that. So the other thing that about future pace and cleanup the reason we call it cleanup is because when you move from from from the past you move into the future seven days a month six months a year five years if there's something that you haven't addressed yet that's still under the surface as you progress out into your timeline the chances of you triggering that go up. So what happens is before you before you get six months from that moment in real time you project six months into the future if there's something there that would have derailed you it's going to pop up like whack-a-mole right. Then and you can fix it there your your answer was thinking it was something bad you can do that right.

The moment you find something that comes up in that in that future pace and clean up process you can point to where you feel it reach out and touch it frame it spin it color breathe it you could do that you could just do a quick and dirty or you can do a full blown regression type process and go all the way back into the past again and clean that up right. The intervention that you choose to use is entirely up to you the process of provoking it and and and pulling it up into your awareness. So you can deal with it right. Then and there is the same regardless of how you choose to go about resolving.

So does that answer your question hopefully okay. Anybody else have any questions. I'm happy to answer questions. I'm.

I'm nibbling on some blueberri here. I shouldn't eat while. I'm having a webinar. But.

I'm a human. I'm. I'm a guy. I'm a dude.

I put my pants on just the same way as everybody else. I levitate into them right. I'm teasing. I'm teasing.

I don't do that although it is on my to-do list uh let's see here. Freedom state says making the experience more. Vivid will pull you in. So much deeper what does it yeah what does it look.

Like what does it smell like what now that's actually a neural linguistic trick that goes right. To your neurology when you and. I. I invite you guys to go back and and check this like if you ever watch me guiding people through a process you'll hear me say what might you see what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's a feeling that you get right.

That sounds like just pattern what we're actually doing is something called cortical activation if. I say to you word coffee the part of your brain that knows what coffee smells like is triggered the part of your brain that knows what coffee looks like is triggered the part of your brain that knows what coffee tastes like is triggered right. When you start systematically activating each cortex of the brain iteratively with the common experience everything starts to synergize and you get a a great a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts from a neurolog iCal perspective everything that we do is about neurological um deinhibition in other words we're we're taking all the different aspects of your neurology and we're fusing them together into a full into a holographic information processing system that's not separated that's speaking the same language and doing all those now you don't need to know any of that to do the techniques right. In fact my my.

Advanced coaching we have an advanced coaching called the influential healer. Mastery coaching program which you'll only learn about. U through uh live event training or or something like that we we haven't really offered it to the general public uh outside of people who are sitting in the room and we know you right. Because of the power that it gives you um.

But for those of you who are in the healing professions and want access to that if you call and ask. Moss he he has like one or two spots left before we close this cohort off. So uh. Susan says.

I can see easily. But not. So much the other should. I make believe yes.

That's the other secret remember. I said that the part of you that controls your longterm memory that keeps your heartbeating that controls your hormonal balances it's also the same part that makes things up every now and. Then this is especially true if you're you're if you're a a trans u a transformation an. Agent of.

Change is what we call you know you're you're a change worker you're going to get people who can't do certain things or don't know how to do certain things or don't know what something might be like or what something is like if you can just get or have never had an experience that you want them to remember all you have to do is have them pretend and again you'll learn about this you learn about all the the different nuts and bolts and all the the powerful workarounds that we have for getting change that the nervous system to do what we want it to do and communicating with it effectively one of the most powerful ways to get anything to work is to pretend okay. It doesn't seem like that should be such a big deal it's huge it's absolutely gamechanging once you understand the power of pretend especially when you get the body engaged in the change work when. Once the body is engaged in the change work the change is inevitable it. TR it doesn't matter what your conscious mind wants to believe you get that body active in the process of transformation long enough it'll overwrite whatever your neocortex wants to.

Wi that's why. I say you don't you don't have to believe anything and the truth is is that that that that understanding that. Revelation uh was a byproduct of my martial artarts training. But.

I didn't realize it. I didn't realize it until 20 or 30 years. Later. I don't tell this story very often.

But. I. I'll share it with you guys um back in 2003 is 2002. I was in.

Acupuncture school. I was going to medical school and one of the classes. I was taking was a. Chinese.

Bodywork. TWA and we had like three practical exams to pass the class now. I'm very good at. TWA.

I. I for some reason. I can do anything manual. I can.

I'm a body mind. I can do that um. I don't do it now uh as much because. But it the sematics of it have have found their way into all the change work.

I do that as it may for whatever reason. I found myself getting standing in line to take my. Next practical exam which required me to have a partner. I didn't have a partner and for whatever reason.

I had a brain fart maybe. I was complacent maybe. I had too much beer um maybe. I was having too many dat.

I don't know why. I didn't do it. But. I had not studied for this exam nor did.

I have a partner. So. I'm standing there. I've got maybe 15 20 minutes before.

I have to go in and demonstrate shoulder and low back and hip as part of my practical exam and. I've got no. Partner and. So.

I'm thinking that freaking. I'm sitting there freaking out thinking what am. I gonna do when this little voice goes in my head little voice in my head says pretend just imagine you have one it's like a. Kata.

Kata are these pre-programmed movements in the classical martial arts which nobody understands and everybody poo poos um. But there's. So much magic in those things that if you truly get access to those teachings. Everything.

Changes. Anyway not the story for today. But. So what do.

I do. I'm standing in line there's nobody around. So. I just close my eyes.

And. I am well. I actually did this with my eyes. Open.

I am imagined a person sitting in the chair and. I start going through the twea shoulder protocol and for the. First 30 seconds. I felt a little self-conscious.

But. I. I kept using my imagination and doing the process 15 minutes. Later.

I wake up soaking in sweat having done all three protocols on the guy and. I look. And everybody in line is looking at me like because. I'm literally sitting there dancing around some invisible dude right.

Because in my mind there was a person there and my mind didn't care if once. I started acting out the change it overwrote my. Neo cortex and. I was fully absorbed in that experience and that is one of the big secrets to how a lot of the changes in.

Planet. David work sematic engagement you'll get a full. Deep dive understanding of that um in your identity by. Design course in your self-mastery courses um when you come to identity by.

Design you'll see how it works in the masterminds you'll see how it works every piece of change work that we do with almost no. Exceptions has a sematic engagement component and once you've got that and you understand how the body factors in because it's the biggest part of your subconscious mind once you understand how to get that involved in the imaginative process you get an exponential uh increase in the responsiveness from the autonomic nervous system you get a ho that's greater than the sum of the parts right. So that's my long drawn out story. But hopefully you guys find that useful uh.

Freedom state is asking hey. David do say the. Shadow. Self implies a certain of dissociation.

But to dissociate the. Shadow from the self is to great part that. Associates to the okay. So this is what we call a confusion induction.

So when we talk about. Shadow work all right. First and foremost. I don't like that term.

Shadow work um. I think it does a tremendous disservice to a very powerful part of our being okay. Um. I've also heard words like.

Soul retrieval which in my. Chinese medical training my shamanic training um my mystical trainings you hear that word bandied about all the time which. I don't really like that word either because your soul is never lost it's your. Consciousness that gets fragmented it's your spirit body that gets fragmented it's your memories that get fragmented.

But your soul is. UN it's untouchable right. From a mystical perspective your soul is the great. Observer.

So. I don't like those terms because. I don't think they're accurate now do we go in and retrieve something yes. Uh in advanced trauma work there's a there's a fragment of your.

Consciousness that is locked in a trauma bubble it's it's like a movie on an endless loop right. And that part of you is conscious. But it's as conscious as you were at the moment that that trauma was created and it doesn't know that that moment's over. So when we're doing.

Advanced trauma work which you'll be introduced to in identity by. Design in advanced trauma work we take the host. Consciousness. The.

Big. C part of you we travel back in time into that memory we find that part of you that was locked and trapped in that memory and we retrieve that we bring that out of the memory and we reintegrate it back into the core. Consciousness that is you and when you do that the trauma bubble disappears the energy is discharged and you heal right. But it's not your soul it's a fragment an energetically charged fragment of your.

Consciousness locked in a memory think of it like think of it like this is kind of gross. But think of it like a fly. Frozen in an ice cube right. We go in and we melt the ice cube we bring the fly out and we can dispose of it.

However we want to do it. But it's the same idea there's a piece of you in those in those memories and those trauma bubbles that doesn't know that thing is over and when we go back and we rescue it and we give it a different reality your body starts to heal automatically because that's how it's pre that's how it's designed your body is designed to express energy and let memories pass through you once the emotional charge has been dissipated the lessons have been learned and you can let those things go and there's a structure and an organization to that process that if you if you understand from a integrative perspective is is actually magic it's pure magic and it and it seems like magic when we apply it um even though we have the science to explain the vast majority of the things we're doing nobody's ever thought to put them together in the way that we do it and. I've learned these things from different sources. I take credit for the.

Synergy not the source right. I'll tell you my sources. I give you a book. List that's like 300 titles right.

I show you where. I got the stuff right. I'm not special. I just uh you know.

I just this is just what. I'm driven to do now. Shadow. Self implies that there's a bad side of you and there isn't there's an animalistic side of you that's very.

Primal there's a part of you that is hurt that is injured that is looking for justice that wants to express itself in very. Primal ways it's not bad it's just hungry it's it's it's it's it's in need of something. So when we start talking about. Shadow work a big chunk of the.

Shadow work is soul retrieval or. Spirit retrieval it's going in to those injured parts of us those parts of us that are still that don't know that stuff's over going in bringing that fragment home giving it the love and the comfort and the healing that it needs to let it know that it survive and when that happens the the the injured animal side of us that's. Seeking. Justice that seeking.

Revenge that seeking to be loved and needed and and and wanted and desired and accepted that is going through all these different social sometimes socially acceptable and sometimes socially not acceptable ways of getting those needs satisfied it starts to calm down and as we as we integrate things back into a unified mind and body we start to see that part of us not as the enemy. But as a very powerful. Primal integral part of what we have to to make our way in this world right. So.

I don't like. I don't like the term. Shadow. Self or.

Shadow work all right. I just it to me it implies that um there's a there's an evil side to you and. I don't. I yes.

There are evil people in the world don't get me wrong. But most of us most of us not evil amazingly selfish and and to some degree feeling hurt betrayed left out abandoned disregarded that we're all that way and we all have those things. But that doesn't make us that's not evil that's just a consequence of being a human uh in in this reality in this in this vibrational plane right. And you can heal from that and that's part of your job and as you heal you qualify to help other people heal too if that's something that you feel inspired to do and one of the more gratifying things about this work is that as.

I watch my students come in and they start to heal and they start to change and they start to transform and they came in only for themselves and. Then all of a sudden something some little switch gets all of a sudden wow. I could. I think.

I want to do this for others. I think. I want to help people too right. And it's the same thing that happened to me when.

I got into this work guys. I did not want to be a. Healer it was not on my to-do list. I did have.

I had no. Compassion to go out and and and just do this hang out a shingle as. I healed and as. I became more of the.

David. I wanted to be instead of the. David that everybody and their brother was trying to program me to be when. I saw the lights go on and the heart open in other people that gave me a feeling.

I. Can't. Describe and there's nothing like it yeah the money. I'll be honest with you.

I do this for money right. But. I'll be honest with you there is no. Feeling like watching somebody transform right.

In front of your eyes. And knowing that you had a part in that that. God does the healing. But it came through you that's a very transformational and very humbling experience and it's it it's one that fills you with a tremendous sense of purpose you know like your life actually means something right.

Now. I'm. I'm speaking from my experience. But yeah.

I'm on the my pedestal today. So what other questions do you have that. I can help you with what do you guys want to focus on for part three of the webinar go ahead and type it in the chat this is all for you come out of. Trance hello yeah even more.

Aviation says thank you okay. So ethics of hypnosis over a zoom meeting. I recently heard. Chase.

Hughes mention he is skeptical no. Silver. Zoom meeting [Laughter] in. I love.

Chase he's full of. Anyway um trust me. I. I hypnotize people over.

Zoom all the time right. Anybody who's been in our virtual healing intensive knows. I hypnotize people through. Zoom all the time right.

It's more powerful in person for sure right. But no. The ethics of. Zoom.

I you're. GNA have to give me a little bit more background on that one. But lah says. I feel all warm and fuzzy with healing talk.

I get it. Linda says oh yeah. Susan says what percentage of the time do you think people are present in the moment very little if you knew how much of a person's time was actually spent in their head dissociated from the world it would shock and disturb you 5% sounds like a good time sounds like a good moment might even be less. But yeah 5% is probably probably a good place yeah.

Barbara. I was wondering about that too what if the connection is disrupted okay. Let's be careful with that. So when we in in our world we can do just about.

I would say 90 97% of all the techniques we do we can do very effectively through. Zoom now let's make a distinction being able to do them through. Zoom does not mean that you should do them through. Zoom okay.

In fact one of the things that we're going to be experimenting with um at the. Next identity by. Design is we are actually going to be teaching people how to do hypnosis through. Zo.

Zoom normally we would just uh we would just say you do it the same way you do in we're actually going to have people practicing hypnosis on each other through. Zoom we already we already do that with people who are who are logging in virtually. But what. I may actually do is have people in the room working through zoom on people from their laptops on other people logging in through zoom on their laptops somewhere else and just practicing that way you can do it yeah as long as you as long as you vetted your client and they're compliant and you have ways to test that they're following your instructions there isn't much you can't get people to do through.

Zoom right. But you do have to safeguard and inoculate against certain types of things happening. First of all if. I'm going to be dealing with someone who is highly has a high potential for.

Abra action. Then. I will be very limited in the techniques that. I will utilize through a zoom panel okay.

So for example. I. I have two s two two systems of regression that we teach you need identity by. Design to qualify for either of them.

But regressionist is like if there's a a nukeit from orbit kill everything um set of techniques it's regression okay. But there are certain forms of regression certain regressive techniques that you need to be in the room for right. Because they're very provocative they're very invasive they're. AR.

Abri active a lot of people don't aren't well trained enough to do them. So and the. Last thing you want is somebody is trying to do that process and invoking a very powerful abreactive purging experience from someone 3,000 miles away. So there are certain things we will not do through.

Zoom ever can we do them yes. Should we do them no. Right. When we feel that a client would best be served through that kind of an intervention.

Then we invite them to come into the into the clinic or we go to them where we can be control of the environment where we can make to make sure the safety of the client is handled because the. Last thing you want is guiding someone through an intricate um hypnosis process and the power goes out or the connection drops right. So a lot of times one of the things you learn some of the pattern that we use as we're doing the induction we'll say and as you're going deeper and deeper into relaxation if at any time we should lose our internet connection you'll simply continue with whatever process you're involved in when you finish that process you'll emerge from trance long enough to reestablish the internet connection at which point you'll go back into trance twice as deep as the time before boom right. Now what you've done is you've you've created a safety resource for them you've given them instructions about what to do if the connection goes out now if the connection does go out they go through their process they come out they'll wait when it seems like it's been too long they'll naturally emerge from the process they'll reestablish the connection you'll reestablish you'll put them back in the trance they'll go deeper and you'll pick up with where you left off it's very simple.

I. I was doing this before back on. Skype before zoomat was even ever even heard of. So.

I've. I've. I've got all kinds of workarounds for this stuff my students do too right. Um.

So the idea of doing hypnosis through. Zoom not being good not working works great right. I completely disagree and again. I'm.

I'm going with what you said. Chase said. So what he actually may have said versus what you're telling me he said may be different. But my experience is completely not not bad right.

And. Chase has watched me hypnotize people. So you know um and we make sure that you have a good a high enough level of skill that you can do this it's something we're very very committed to. So us here says oh.

I've paid for package deals that include identity by. Design when is it um this one will be. Moss when is the. Next identity by.

Design it's the. N 13th through the 19th or or when is it me and you know 24th through the 29th yeah okay. So it's going to be. March 24th through the 29th thank you.

Mia um. So if you have a. VIP ticket we do have some seats left for the live training if you can't make it live we uh we've got a bunch of medical students coming in from virtual. So you're you're more than welcome to uh to participate virtually.

But you got to let me and. Moss know. So we can create the materials for you okay. All right.

So before. I move on um let me go ahead and just review for those of you who are bit on the fence right. Um this is the package that we're offering it's the mastering your mind uh home study program it's the secrets of. Personality transformation and manual a $2,497 value it's the identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study course $1,497 value hidden. Laws of. Attraction ultimate manifestation uh home study course one $1,497 value the uh stealth. CPI.

Universal persuasion protocol that's your conversation hypnosis training it's a $1,950 value the instant conversational belief change course $1,950 value we're going to give all this to you free you're also going to get the three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program 1,400 $597 value absolutely free you're going to get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course $997 value we're going to give you that for free and that special. VIP anything goes free event super ticket your choice of any three events of of any one single event you can do identity by.

Design 5day you can do the face tring for. Fun and. Profit uh three-day boot camp you can do the virtual healing intensive uh which again is if you're just focused on fixing your own stuff great value for you it's a $2,497 value and we're going to give it to you off it's a $1 13,572 package we're going to give it to you for one low installment of 797 or three easy installments of 3.97 each okay. Uh just go to.

NLP power.com um. NLP power.com mind and uh you can get your package you can get your. VIP ticket and you can get a five-day immersive transformational supercharger this will take everything in your life to a whole other level. I guarantee it or.

I will give you your money back okay. You have 60 days to test the technology right. If it doesn't work for you let us know we'll refund it if you having a challenge if you're having a question pick up the phone send us an email we're here for you right. Come to the masterminds let us help you through your sticking points everything about this program is designed to help you be successful.

But. I can't multiply zeros if you don't click the link and get on the other side of this. I can't help you. So please do yourself a favor help me help you click your link make your choice.

Break. On. Through. To.

The. Other. Side to quote another song right. And by all means let's make things happen for you okay.

So go ahead and click that link npower.com mind all right. What other questions do you have. So. Heather's saying oh my.

God this is the. First time joining your live haha. So exciting enjoy your video. So much thank you heather glad you made it um let's see here.

So tibb is asking is anything about marketing and getting a regular stream of clients yes. In fact we have a whole uh we have a whole coaching program it's called the influential healer. Mastery coaching and a big part of that is getting in front of people and doing exactly what. I'm doing here with you right.

Now right. How do you find these people how do you create content for them how do you create an offer that is resonant with helping them get the transformation they want how do you present it to people right. Um. I have clients who have spent a lot who are coaches who have spent a redonkulous amount of money going to coaches who are teaching coaches how to be coaches.

But not teaching them how to go out and get clients um and it's very frustrating for them because they're buying apples and they're getting oranges um um and. So. I. I can't.

I can't speak to every single method of getting clients that's out there what. I what. I teach my clients is the way. I did things that.

I know works that still works today okay. And. I guide you through those processes right. Why because you don't do me any good if you're not out there professionally making money doing this or using these materials it's if it's not helping your life and moving your life forward if you're not transforming people.

I'm not. I'm not succeeding my job is to teach the teachers right. So. I have to do everything in my power to give you the tools to go out get in front of people and transfer and and and convert them into people that you can help.

Okay. Um. I'm not the world's biggest expert on anything in that regard i'. I've have a pretty good track record of success and.

So. I share what. I know right. And.

I will tell you what's what. I from my perspective what. I think is. BS and what isn't and there's a lot of there's a lot of it out there right.

How many people are familiar with uh a piece of. American. History called the gold rush just type in the chat if you're familiar with that. Tong or you've heard of it okay.

Richard says. I do it by setting up a tent at. Rena perfect. I love that.

I absolutely love that all right. How many people know what the. Gold. Rush was go ahead just type it in the chat.

I know this is. David just kind of it's like a fireside chat with. David. I thought we were going to do change work and here we are just.

Q&A. But are you guys are you guys getting value out of this is this helping you okay. So you all know that during the. Gold.

Rush tens of thousands of people stampeded to. California in the search for gold and a lot of people found gold and you know what a lot more people didn't and millions were made during the gold rush and a tiny tiny percentage of those those millions that were made came from gold you know where the other millions and millions and millions of dollars came from yes. The people selling the pics and the shovels and that's the. Trap that's the trap guys when you're a coach when you want to put your shingle out there and oops and be a coach there's a lot of people out there selling you the pcks and the shovels.

But not how to find the gold and. So you have to you have to you have to have enough wherewithal to know what's a shovel what's gold and what's a mine right. Uh and a lot of people they they they kind of they don't spend the time to really. Niche down and do the what.

I call the grunt work that makes the work work and that's find identifying who your client is identifying where they hang out what their parallel interests are what their pain points are how do they describe that pain where do they go to solve those pains who are your competitors in that. Niche that are doing things that are working what are the what are the programs that people are responding to they don't do a lot of that work right. It's tedious and it's necessary until you know who you are you've established your brand you have you know 11 plus years of. YouTube content behind you that's just fueling that right.

You have to start the same thing day after day after day you're people are going to try and sell you the idea of a home run or a touchdown when what you're probably going to wind up with is a. B hitting a bunch of strikes. First right. Nobody wants to hear that nobody wants to hear that right.

But it's it's just it's just being in business for yourself you know. I tell my clients and. I tell my students especially my students who are. I all want to be out there and.

I've got some very successful students. I'm very proud you know uh back during covid um no. Less than seven of my students were actually presenters at. Hypno.

Thoughts hypnosis convention. I was. H. I had the proudest.

POA moment ever because my students the people. I taught were out there teaching other people right. That's my goal. I'm all about scale.

I'm just one dude. I can't change everybody. But. I can change other people.

So they can go out and change other people and they can go out and change other people and that's one of the reasons that. I do this. I want everybody in the world using these techniques to change their life and make their lives better. But.

I can only work one person at a time and that's why. I'm working with you right. So again. I'm.

I'm. I'm having a pedestal moment maybe it's because. I've been. I haven't had a live webinar in forever.

So. I'm just running off at the mouth. But what other questions do you have um. So mechanic.

Mick says why do we yawn when thinking of certain things yawning is always a sign of unconscious processing uh when you're a hypnotist and you start guiding people into trance you will see all kinds of crazy physical. Expressions that indicate the unconscious mind the autonomic nervous system is actually processing stuff and if and a lot of and again this is again one of my. I'm a very. I'm a you you'll find out as loving as.

I try to be as open as. I try to be. I am an opinionated. I mean.

I. I. I'm. I'm very.

I. I'm just. I'm a trainer it's what. I do and.

So. I'm. I'm looking for the best of the best and there are. So many things that are left out of our training as a hypnotist as a neural linguistic programmer as a body worker as an energy healer that if you just had those things in the right.

Sequence everything would get easier right. But one of the things that happens with hypnotists is they don't prepare you for what going into trance looks like in the real world what do. I mean by that one of the most common things that happens with fledgling hypnotists is that as the person's going into trance they start laughing the the the subject starts laughing and the hypnotist it completely throws the hypnotist off their game because they don't understand that laughter is a sign of releasing tension it's a sign of unconscious processing and. So they think they've screwed up they think they've done something wrong and it completely wrecks their state control until they they realize that people laughing as they go into trance is just a releas it's just a defense mechanism just keep going and utilize it right.

The same thing with yawning a lot of times when you get people in the chair and you start running through processes. But by a show of hands how many people were here uh how many people were on here when. I ran you through the framing process or the um or the the emotional bonding process how many people were online when. I did that just real real quick okay.

How many of you were started to spontaneously yawn or maybe clear your throat look. At the chat oh you guys can't see this maybe in in uh in. YouTube. But.

I've got at least three or four people uh in the zoom room who were yawning when that was going on. Agnes says. I was yawning it's a very common thing when you see that whether you're an energy worker a massage therapist talk therapist hypnotherapist when you see y yawning you're winning encourage it because the more they yawn the more processing venting and releasing they're doing it's a good thing okay. They didn't teach me that in hypnosis class.

I was very fortunate uh to have a great teacher in. DNA. Theta healing named. Marina.

Marina. Rose who taught me that. I taught her hypnosis which was a trade. But she gave me some great insights into how people process right.

There are certain things that are left out or glossed over in our training that's supposed to prepare us for the real world that they don't they they don't do that's why we call what we do real world hypnosis we're going to do an. NLP certification in. May how many people would like to be certified in. NLP from me would anybody here like that okay.

If you're interested in getting certified in. NLP from me there's two things a you got to pass identity by. Design nobody gets into my. NLP training until you're an awesome hypnotist because once you're an awesome hypnotist you can rock anything.

NLP does the. Second thing is you got to let. Moss know you want to come. So when you click the link or you talk to moner.

Mia make sure you mention that you want to be put on the on the advanced notice list for the. NLP certification. I haven't done an. NLP certification practitioner certification uh in three years.

Last time. I did one all right. So am. I ever in.

Jacksonville not if. I can help it iy. I spent a year. One.

Night in. Jacksonville uh. G says uh how does somebody reject a suggestion can they reject suggestion even after they've accepted it generally speaking once a person's accepted a suggestion they usually forget they accepted the suggestion. But if someone accepts suggestion or a suggestion goes in and it gets uh gets snagged by the unconscious it can become a recurring thought and.

Then it. Then it can cause a problem because now you're creating parts. U. But this the short answer is you can reject any suggestion the question is do you have the technique to do that right.

Um most people reject suggestions when they conflict with their values or they're not in a deep enough state of report and understand what the suggestion is meant to do the biggest challenge we have with acceptance and rejection of suggestion is interpretation many times how a subject interprets a suggestion is radically different from the way we intended it. But the wording exuse it in a certain way. So the long and short of it is you can accept or reject any suggestion you're given provided you have the. Consciousness to do it okay.

Um us here says. Umi yeah body says yes. But years off uh us here says we see a lot in raiki people sigh a lot they laugh they cry yes. Very common you can't do raiki without trance that's why uh if you're a raiki practitioner you want to be good at conversational hypnosis because when you when you when you start channeling energy into someone they become hypers suggestive their system is very very pliable and if you have the suggestion skills you can amplify and accelerate the transformation work that you're doing in your raiki class okay.

Also because you understand the power of language you can make sure you don't inadvertently say something that gets like. G's talking about a suggestion that they can't have to reject remember that when people come off that raiky table any energy healing system they're super suggestible their energy field is charged all of their centers are wide open and because you are the authority figure you are the dominant person in that environment with a client who's hyperresponsive to you if you don't understand the power of your language you can actually. M put it the term is called clinical hexing from a shamanic perspective some people call it white coat hypnosis some people call. White.

Coat. Syndrome you can actually install things in people that completely derail the good work you did okay. All right. Um is this what you guys want just to to.

Q&A with me. I'm good with it okay. All right. So again um just because.

I have you here and. I'm gonna answer questions once again remember that when. I log off tonight's webinar all the good stuff goes away right. All the fast action bonuses.

So if you haven't clicked that link yet for those of you in the zoom room the the the link is https colon back www.lpower.com slmd and is way ahead of me. I'm just not fast enough on the keyboard. Shan world word says now getting into this world of. David excellent um.

Freedom state says what is your favorite aspect of hypnosis and behavior engineering what is my favorite aspect. God there's. So many honestly. I.

I. I kind of love it all. But um to me watching the lights come on you know just whether it's a whether it's an influence training whether it's uh hypnotherapy class whether it's a hypnotherapy session or the transformation session we what we do is. So is.

So integrative it's hard to just call it it's hard to use the word hypnotherapy with a straight face because it's. So much more and yet it isn't you know um. But watching the lights come on watching people see the world through a perspective or an ideology that is more of who they wanted to be and and watching the chains just drop off that makes it all worthwhile don't get me wrong the money's you know when you when you go through the steps and do the work to build your tribe and and you have people who are excited about the things that you offer and and the money starts coming in that's that's a great bonus right. But at the end of the day aside from your bank account what has changed in the world as a result of what you did what's the.

Legacy right. How have people's lives benefited from you having lived there's a there's a poem by. I think it's by. Ralph.

Waldo. Emerson and it's and and it's about success what it means to have succeeded and. I've lived. My.

Life by that. I know. I never this is the. First.

I really ever talked about it. I thought about maybe putting up the slide with the poem on it from time to time. But. I've never really done it.

But to know that one life has breathed easier because of you because you lived to me. I think that's the greatest that's the greatest thing right. And to know that. I.

I was put here to do that and and and to be able to empower other people to do it is is the most fulfilling thing. I've ever done. So um let me see here aspects being whatever you wanted to okay. Heather says ha this is cool where can.

I join physical classes if offered. I'm in. Chicago right. Now.

So right. Now uh. Heather our. Next class most of our classes until.

July will be here in. San. Diego um if you call. Moss at 858 282 4663 or email.

Mia. Mia. NLP power.com she'll they'll give you the uh the logistical information this. Next training the 24th through the 29th will be at the country in in.

Suites 5 5975. Lusk. Boulevard. San.

Diego uh and we invite as many of you as that can make it to attend in person if you can't attend in person. Then do the live you know um be part of the the planet. David. Army.

So to speak um and and really just start leveling up right. Because again we're a very small we're a very small group right. Now and the people in that group are amazingly powerful. But you're meant to be part of that in whatever to whatever degree that you're comfortable with right.

And. So we want you to have these tools we want you to have these experiences um. I'm in a pretty interesting position because. I watch who people are when they come in to.

Planet. David and six months 12 months 18 months. Later. I see who they've become and there are no.

Words there are no. Words to describe how beautiful and amazing that is for the people who do the work for every one person that does the work there's going to be three or four that are just tourists and that's okay. Because they got what they needed on their walk and eventually those things that they will use will bear fruit for them and. Then they'll be ready for more if you want these tools.

Shane it's really simple all you got to do is click the link go to uh h. TTP back www.lpower.com slmd. I'm gonna. I'm gonna.

I'm just gonna cut and paste the link. So. I always have it hopefully and again. Mia beat me.

But. I'm gonna paste it. Anyway damn it all right. Um.

Anyway. So yeah um to me and again like. I said it doesn't matter to me whether that person is an influence student. Behavior student.

NLP student hypnotherapy energy. I don't care what. I care about is watching the change and knowing that. I did what.

I came here to do right. And and. I there's no. Feeling to describe it what other questions do you have okay.

Um. Shane says. I bought the boxing day special awesome welcome. AB board chain all right.

What what are the questions do you got. I got a few more minutes and. Then we're going to run all right. Well if that's the case.

First of all you know. I want to say thank you for staying with us thank you for hanging out hopefully you got some value from this you got some tools and some principles that you can begin to use to to to take your life to the. Next level right. It's not necessary for you to believe a damn thing that.

I said to you today that. I taught you today all you have to do is do it it either is going to work for you or it's not right. Watch as many videos on our. Channel as you can apply them to your life that's what we're here for right.

I love you all in the words of the immortal. Carol. Bernett. I'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long. I'm gonna. I'm.

G to go ahead and uh we'll do this this way. I'm learning new. Zoom tricks the words of the imoral calet good night. God bless if you're ready click those links.

I'll see you on the other side. I love you all remember the fast action. But when. I click off the link tonight these bonuses go away the fast action.

NLP power.com good night. God bless and as. Father. Guido.

Sarducci would say um if. I remember correctly ariva deri. America.
