Title: sbVmD7BSrhA.txt
Video Id: sbVmD7BSrhA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbVmD7BSrhA

Foreign [Music] who's coming in today um hey everyone can you guys hear me okay. Happy. New. Year everyone cool.

I had a. I had a. I was trying to do it for my my laptop. Dell seems to put out the worst laptops in history.

So. I don't know what's going on with that. So. I had to switch everything.

So now. I'm in my pseudo podcast area here. So what are you all doing on. YouTube on a.

New. Year's. Eve what's going on with that let me pop this chat out here and see if. I can get uh there we go thank you.

So. Danka says you can't fall asleep lioness of. Gaia says loud and clear very good good. Big.

B. Lucifers out there hello. Happy. New.

Year to everybody well like. I said. I'm uh. I'm here with the fam.

I'm surrounded by everybody everybody around me is immersed in their own particular uh. Electronics video screens. So what's new and exciting in your world. So.

V. McLeod says they're watching my videos uh lioness of guys says listening to astrology fires cast while. I enchant jewelry ooh sounds mystical there you see my. I'm having my my classical bad hair.

I'm in grunge mode. I'm like channeling my inner. Kurt. Cobain right.

Now. So. So while. I got you since we got nothing else going on at least until the family decides they want to do something else.

But you guys want to talk about it what you guys want to talk about anything. I love the grunge model some days you wake up you just don't give a you know what. I'm saying foreign talking about. Kabbalah you want to talk about.

Kabbalah okay. Ask me no. Question ask me your questions you know today. I'm just talking to my folks you want to come and say hi to everybody oh come on you know have.

I ever explored the. Release. Technique. I don't know what that is.

Susan. So. I have to say no. Lioness of guy says how to handle.

Mercury retro going into a new year actually um if you go to my this is my daughter. Sophie she's got my little magic hat on she's got my wizard hat on okay. You let her wear it she's got my wizard's hat on. I wanna see you all right.

So it's the the best way to handle retrograde a is figure out what the lessons are that this particular retrograde it wants you to learn. But also if you go to my um my. Last webinar that. I did the background the green background has the.

Hebrew letters for the month for the astrological sign of. Capricorn which. I believe if your retrograde's falling during that time if you use those letters it will balance out the energy um and it will help you get through retrograde okay. It won't make it it won't you know you may have some rough spots.

But those the the meditations on those particular uh gym geometries uh during that particular astrological configuration tends to balance out the energy and make at least put you closer to an even keel keep in mind that other people will not have the same benefit that you will. So you have to be a little bit more patient and a little bit more compassionate okay. Well. I asked a guy in specifics going into the new year mindset conflicting energies well that's what the month of.

Capricorn is really about is about uh polarities and and things coming into conflict. So again if you meditate on. Harmony and you you bring those letters out through you and out into the world and you share that energy with the world it will balance you okay. Um.

So. VMA cloud is why do. I struggle to do exercise with myself and it works well with clients how do. I work with someone who's self-harms okay.

Most people who are self-harming are looking at are are doing it for because it's one of the few things they can control. So you have to figure out what they're afraid of and what it is they feel out of control of usually generally speaking um and a lot of times the mindset with some of these people is. I can hurt. I can take anything you can dish out because.

I can hurt myself way more than you could ever hurt me. I've actually had that come out of clients. So let's see here. Duncan.

McLeod says which was a great seminar. I. Oh you mean that you mean the. Duncan are you talking about the uh the.

Last webinar that we did uh donk is asking healing being overwhelmed by the energy that people thinking negatively about me from a distance also from the environment okay. First of all you need to work on your street armor um and if you go back through the um the masterminds dock where we're doing the pulling down the heavens process that'll go a long way towards galvanizing you internally and externally. But you need to work on external armoring. So that people um people's stuff doesn't get into you one of the problems that you guys got to understand when you start doing a lot of this spiritual and healing work you start working with energies one of the byproducts of that is you're going to get more and more sensitive that's why a lot of times.

So many people who really pursue spiritual paths they wind up in a cave or in a monastery somewhere because the bombardment of energies from people who aren't at the same level is actually quite uncomfortable. So you have to develop while you're developing your inner world you have to develop your armor. So that you when you go out into the world you can armor up and you're not uh as affected as strongly by these things okay. Um.

Rick has a question is there a way to deal with late age. ADHD using one of the techniques you teach um. I would start with the magic frame and. Then start working with the actual sub modalities of focus and attention those are really um a lot of the the classic a lot of the classic ways of training attention are actually really good for you if you can if you can discipline yourself to do it and that's like you know just gazing at a candle flame uh focusing on your breathing these things are very old.

But they're proven to help you develop focus and concentration uh giving yourself very powerful suggestions can also do that okay. If you have our information process and you apply that in a direct drive uh self-hypnosis autogenic type training you get a really really powerful engagement from the overall nervous system uh. Alex. P happy.

New. Year struggling with food and losing weight relapsing with ubereats need to get rid of 30 pounds what should. I focus on focus on why you're eating are you eating because you're bored are you eating because you're sad are you eating because you just want to change your state are you eating because um you feel like there's never going to be enough right. Are you eating to fill a void remember that overeating is never the problem overeating is a symptom of something you're else you're not getting security love uh attention nurturing all these things.

So for you. Alex the best thing. I would recommend is start with a transformational. Triad like you know.

Magic. Frame color breathing spinning. But you also might could significantly benefit from somebody to do some regression work with you and get to the root of these problems and and get them pulled out from the roots. So that would be my recommendation [Music] how to deal with fear okay.

Isolate what it is you're afraid of point to where you feel it take it out spin it and. Then magic frame it and see what happens. Then okay. Another thing that uh.

I found works really really well is acknowledging that you're afraid and. Then saying. So what uh. I used to teach this a lot when.

I was teaching guys about attraction. I would say like a lot of times when a guy sees a really really beautiful beautiful woman they go into a profoundly unresourceful. State they start tripping over their tongue and everything else is not nailed down and they try to deny they try to deny their feelings and. I found it to be really useful when.

I went at those times before. I really started developing my state control trainings. I would say okay. She's hot.

So what you can take this same idea and say okay. I'm afraid. So what. I'm still gonna do it right.

It's okay. To be afraid right. Courage is what is the energy that you experience when you do what you're afraid to do in spite of the fear right. Courage is not the absence of fear.

So. I think if anything um if we can if we can train ourselves to be far more courageous. Then we have a leg up on the world okay. Because fear is going to be your companion it's going to teach you things it's going to try to protect you or or try to limit you.

But we have to look. At those things as as just illusions right. I'm afraid. So what.

I still want it. I still am going to go for it right. And they see my little my little magic head in the background here let's see here um okay. Patrick is okay.

Hold on a. Second um lioness of guys is one of the few webinars. I missed. I'm excited to watch it it's it's literally like the.

First or. Second live before this one. So it's and it was a good one. I went pretty deep on some of this stuff uh.

Patrick. Hollywood says what is. Street armor well if you think of creating an energetic field around you. But also taking your energy field that you've expanded and and purified and condensing it and and solidifying it very close to or within the body this tends to make a very uh a very solid dense energetic.

Shield that becomes very hard for people to perm to pass through remember your energy field focus is your proprioceptive grid as we call it it acts like a membrane it's pretty semi-permeable things come in things go out we can sense things with that membrane okay. And when we really start to develop these abilities we can actually send it to other places to extract information. So we have to remember that when we're doing our alchemical work when we're clearing our and we're tapping into our. Clairvoyant abilities and our.

ESP and our all those other psychic and spiritual faculties we're doing we're usually doing it in a place where we're safe we've purified the area it's a sanctuary for us. But when we move out into the world amongst humans at a lower vibration which is most people now if if we keep that level of sensitivity. Then we're going to suck in a lot of that also because we're emanating a much brighter field than the average human being has we're going to attract more. Moths.

To. The. Flame metaphorically speaking. So the more you condensed and condensed and and internalize that energy while you're out amongst humans um the better off you're going to be okay.

Let's see oh. I guess. I guess my uh my little one is putting my hat back on. So now.

I can. I have my mat. I have my. Wizards hat back on okay.

So um. Grace says oh hi y'all we'd be listening in the background most of the time uh does that is that explanation of. Street armor help. David.

Orman. Central. Florida. Systema you frequently mentioned that you age differently would you explain how how thank you well.

I cheat a lot. But um one of the things that hold on a. Second somebody uh somebody bumped you here a little bit going monk mode for six months cutting contact from the role and re-emerging a new version of me have you done this before um. I'm doing this most of the time.

Anyway when. I'm not out in the world um. I'm pretty much cloistered in a room either binge watching. Netflix or.

Jerry. Allen. Johnson videos or. Kabbalah videos or martial arts videos or something.

I'm always training. So. I'm always close. I'm always closer to away or.

I'm out with amongst my people. So getting back to. David's question um one of the things that happens and you'll see you'll read this in a lot of the old books it's mentioned in the yoga sutras of. Pat and jali um it's mentioned in friends.

Barton's work uh. Lillian. Bridges talked about it a lot uh in her golden path. Workshop there's a phenomena that seems to happen that when people embark on this magical spiritual alchemical journey where they're doing a lot of meditations and advanced spiritual and alchemical practices the universe and they're fulfilling their.

Ming the universe conspires to make you live longer it inspires it it conspires to make you healthier more energetic and as a byproduct of that you tend to age much slower now there is a corollary to that in that studies done with uh high level meditators people meditating consistently every day for you know 10 years or more tend to be about 10 years physiologically younger than people who are in the same age category. But do not meditate. So if you take what the science is saying about just the the results of meditation in and of itself combine that with this the the generation of what we call. Ling.

Chi or or. Shen in the body which becomes. Jing. Then the body can not only spiritually approach its spirit it's the spiritual blueprint.

But you have the material sources that um that allow it to maintain itself and and to to optimize itself. So. I hope that helps uh emeria. Israel says.

I love all your work thank you. God bless. God bless you and. Maria hermaya did.

I say that right. Um. Yeshua. Wilson.

I seem to forget to use the echo technique or anything at all during the conversations any tip for me yes. Write it on your hand every time you go out like went to a waitress or a bartender or server just as you're ordering just look. At your hand it reminds me and just. Echo their words back to them start with little pieces.

First and. Then as you become more confident and you've reinforced that habit go to bigger pieces right. Gracie me says what a cute little girl lioness of guy says hi. Sophie madman says the stream is very laggy.

Story of. My. Life um see here ilka de. Boer says.

I have a beautiful woman in my life that would love to get more closer to. But there seems to be a block within her any tips um be patient for one and figure out if that block has anything to do with relationships or if it has something else to do right. Remember one of the things you want to be very careful of is you don't want to become a partner's therapist if you can if you if you if you can help it right. Now when you get married and and you know you really want to help that person that's one thing.

But at the very beginning stages of a relationship you want to be together because you enjoy each other's company and because you find it fulfilling not because this other person can fix your okay. So just be very very careful when you start helping people uh with their stuff too early in a relationship okay. Otherwise you you start creating the wrong the wrong precedent in that relationship um it seems to do that when we go. Deepu that is true.

I've noticed my. I. I. I.

I recently had an uh some stem cell injections in my back and it really jacked my energy like my energy just plummeted because anytime you violate the. Integrity of the spine a lot of energy leaks out and. I can tell that my. Energy's starting to come back really really strong because every piece of electronics.

I've worked with today has fritched on me multiple times like stupidly um it hit its apex uh two or three weeks ago where. I was teaching an eight day. NLP certification and. I taught my energy class the evening after the.

First night and from the for the. Next seven days every single microphone. I tried on would not work for me it would work for everybody else. But the minute.

I put it on it would stop working and we have that on video we have actual video evidence of me destroying medical or uh electronics or my original says you said it right. Thanks brother. I'm going to listen to yoga sutures when we finish cool um how do rashav is asking how do feelings work can you elaborate on that question. Alex is asking does wearing all black create a protective shield seems very powerful any of the tips and appearing more powerful staying silent yes.

Silence is very powerful and the reason for that is there's two reasons really one is every time you speak you give out energy the. Second is every time you uh speak to somebody you're giving that you're giving somebody your attention and where attention goes energy flows. So if you're. So if you're if you're around people who are constantly sucking your energy you can almost always tell these people by the amount of attention that of your attention they're drawing um black will work as a a way to to buffer.

The. Shield also wearing leather leather and satin are silk was it silked on that that buffers energy. I think. I think it's silk and silk and leather will actually create a really powerful uh set of uh external armor for you right.

Um. So if you're vegan you might have a little some issues wearing uh wearing leather. But. Anyway um.

Aquarian high high rail says what is your source for 72 names in the shemham forest operations. I saw your memes. Sheen meditation. I.

First learned the the shanghama four-ish at the. Kabbalah. Center in. Boca.

Raton. Florida and. I started with um. I started with their uh their practices and.

Then. I built on that based on what. I learned from other. Energy.

Systems uh. Dr. Snyder do. I have an.

RH blood type don't we all hold on a. Second let me ask the boss what's my. RH blood type boss oh you don't know what that is all right. My wife is sitting.

Next to me and my wife is here and my daughter's here. So if you have a medical question. I can't answer. I'm just going to ask her she's saying no.

Don't don't how can you overcome illusion thoughts. I don't know how do you define an illusion thought. I don't know what that means all thoughts are. Illusions aren't they in a manner of speaking it's an easier it's easier to say all.

Illusions are thoughts more than all thoughts or illusions uh our. Maya. Israel says a question pranayama and meditation can get us more energy for sure how does. Auto suggestion factor into our power of influence.

I feel weird reading. I'm strong um actually you're not that far off you're not that far off um certain certain mantras are powerful just because of the vibration that they create other mantras are powerful because of the meaning of the mantra ultimately the magic comes from you the vibration is what it is all things are connected either more directly or less directly the more pure the tone the more rapidly you get a result. But everything will work eventually if you put if you invest enough time and energy and intention into it okay. Alex is asking you can discover what your enemies fears by means they use to frighten you do you agree with that statement yes.

Many times um the person when a person uses a weapon generally speaking the person most vulnerable to that weapon is the person using it. So people will often project what they believe is their worst fear or their worst or their nastiest torment for themselves onto somebody else. So on one level that's true if you've got somebody who's who's actually skilled in manipulation and. NLP and things like that and understands maps and projections and and things of that nature they can read your projections and figure out what your work what your.

Achilles heel is by how you behave. So the answer to that question is a profound yes. And no. Depending on who who's doing who's applying the process.

So uh how can we always stay in the same state of mind you can't functionally um we are we as conscious beings are swimming in a sea of vibration and as we encounter different vibrational. Fields our vibration of our. Consciousness will change accordingly. I think a better a more appropriate way is how can we manage our vibrations and our.

Consciousness to best to optimize our performance in whatever vibrational situation we're encountering now as we get deeper and deeper into meditation as we become more and more uh as we dissolve the soul extensions the the uh the trauma-induced personalities and identities that we think of as ourselves and we get back to our original faces my teacher. Lillian used to say we will tend to be in a more stable state of connection to the. Divine and that becomes harder and harder to disrupt as time goes on. So the idea is as we as we get rid of all this other stuff that isn't really us.

Then what's left is the true us and we have to be good in that state of samadhi with that state of pure absorption and contemplation that becomes harder and harder to disrupt right. At least that's what. I think uh ilka is asking. I have been struggling to feel the magnitude of.

State. Control do you have any tips about feeling the strength of stakehold yes. Stop trying one of the problem one of the things you have to understand about. State control is that it's a trance there's two elements to any.

Trans. State a continually announcing focus of attention and the level of absorption you have in the state processor experience by definition if you are trying to have an experience and another part of you is trying to measure the experience in order for that measurement to happen there's a part of you that has to stay at the original state which is the part of you that's actually holding you back when you do full absorption you can't measure it from within it you have to actually have other people measure the impact because your. Baseline is. Shifting along with the rest of you if you're fully absorbed in it now the other thing that will happen is because you're fully absorbed in it you won't realize the wattage and the amplitude that you're emanating as you get deeper and deeper you'll feel largely the same.

I mean you'll feel some differences. But. But the magnitude of what you're putting out as you get deeper into this process will be very very different compared to what other people are feeling on the outside of you this is why. Grandmaster chillicoch sui and his successor uh.

Stephen. Co would always caution people against um talking to people immediately after coming out of a very powerful meditation like the twin hearts because you're and because you've done this meditation on the twin hearts and you've expanded your spiritual body and and really it's glutted in a positive way with all of this energy any offhand remark that you make to people has an amplitude behind it that just shocks people and. So you could make a teasing remark and they take it like a physical slap across the face and before you know it you're in a knock down drag out fight when all you wanted to do was have a little fun right. The same idea was again it's a state control thing the more you get into these processes and you start developing these very powerful energetically enhanced states which is what you'll start to do as you start spending more and more time on these states you will draw more amplitude into it and you won't notice it because you're you're used to it.

But other people will feel they'll just feel a very powerful palpable presence when you move into the room um. Alex you keep retracting your messages is there is there something going on there uh let's see here uh danke's asking any correlation between trauma energy blocks and singing. In. Tune or higher notes any technique to improve singing well if.

I were a singer. I might have something there was a device that. I saw at. Best.

Buy or was it a music store that would actually help you to to train your voice to specific frequencies and tones that might be something useful certainly we know that certain frequencies will vibrate with certain organs we have in our. Mega. Platinum program we actually do uh sound energetic training and sound projection training for enhanced suggestibility. But as well as breaking up energetic blocks and things in the body our students actually learn to make water vibrate and um all kinds of really cool stuff because it's.

Advanced hermetic training um. But. I don't know of any correlation between trauma and energy blocks and singing. In.

Tune or higher notes although in. Chinese uh in the. Chinese systems singing corresponds to spleen deficiency. So if you find yourself singing a lot it may be an attempt for your body to tonify uh its spleen or.

Earth. Energy. Don says do. I believe in chakras yes.

I do do. I use them not. So much um xog says when. I say illusion thought.

I mean when someone's in their own. Fantasy. Land in their mind are they real. I think is that what your question is are they real yes.

All thoughts are real. But not that much and and here's what. I mean thoughts are things thoughts are energetic constructs at the spiritual level and the the energetic level. But the only way they become truly manifest other than in a transient way in the body is if you have them for a long period of time or you spend a lot of time resisting them or stuffing them down in the body.

Then they become a stagnant energetic pattern that creates a. Qi blockage which forms a blood blockage which forms a lesion or a tumor or some other form of pathology okay. Okay. And now.

I'm only going to stay on a few more minutes because it is after all. New. Year's and uh. I want to do some family stuff.

But. I want to. I want to just pop on say hi and see what everybody's doing enjoying the process of allowing it to happen well. Happy.

New. Year [Music] how to self-hypnotize oneself uh grab our product our program uh see what's a personality transformation or the self-mastery supercharger and you will get the absolute best training in self-hypnosis that's available um elk is asking could you talk about the three levels of rapport in our system we classify. Rapport by three levels you have classical. Rapport which is the thing that's taught in.

NLP and. Eric. Swan hypnosis most sales courses will teach you about basic pacing and leading. Then you have what we call kinesthetic or vibrational.

Rapport which is all about heart coherence which is the where our gold standard where the heartbeats actually synchronize breathing synchronizes and you can do all kinds of really cool things and. Then we have a. Third level of uh. Rapport which we call vibing or power.

Rapport and this is a type of report that is specifically used for attraction uh context dating uh charismatic uh networking things of that nature where you want to be where you want to generate and stimulate attraction rather than comfort and. Trust in somebody and that involves three things it involves a matching a person's activity level or coming in slightly above it classical or heart-based coherence and a perceivable status. Gap you have to raise your status in the minds of the people you're interacting with. So that they perceive you as a higher value socially than the people around them when you have those three things in the right.

Order. Then you will start to stimulate romantic and sexual attraction uh. David do you have any courses or info on. Kundalini.

I have studied systems of. Kundalini. I do not have a course on it the best course. I have found that has the most consistent results from people was created by a guy named.

Dr. Glenn. Morris he's passed on and his process was known as the. Kundalini.

Awakening process the head instructor for that is uh. Teo. Semco uh tail is a very very competent instructor uh. Dr.

Morris himself. LED over a hundred people successfully through. Kundalini. Awakening um and.

I haven't found a better program that's safer more user-friendly um. Then. Then. Dr.

Morris's system. So. I recommend you look. Up cap k-a-p.

Kundalini. Awakening process exactly um. So when we gauge and understand how our states get stronger we shouldn't focus on the state you should allow yourself to just be fully absorbed in the process and not try to measure it right. You tend the longer you you hold a state the deeper into it you tend to go.

But a lot of times that that gradual absorption isn't perceivable until you come out of it. But it does become progressively more perceivable by the people outside of your field or being impacted by that field okay. Uh rashav says. I always feel low when a single thing goes wrong how to deal with it point to where you feel it reach out and touch it shrink it down and move it behind you that's going to be the fastest way okay.

Alex is asking immediate tips on living in abundance. I spend money believing more is going to come back anything else. I don't chase. I attract you do here's a secret to this the more you practice gratitude the more magnetic to more opportunities you tend to become spend a lot of time doing what.

I call a gratitude inventory every morning when you get up start with the fact that you were you were lucky enough to open your eyes. In the morning that you have feet that will walk that you can put shoes on and to start being grateful for every single one of those things and as you go to sleep at night practice that same gratitude inventory and. I think you'll find that your your whole attitude about life will start to change and because of that your vibrational frequency will change the probability fields around your body will change and you will start sensitizing yourself to more opportunities to attract and live in abundance thank you. Dr.

Schneider for your service to others. I love you. Happy. New.

Years to you and your family thank you. So much for me and my family to you um it's always nice to to know that people uh chairman says highly recommend the self-mastery course. Dana thrower says. I am.

So grateful that. I love you. I'm. So grateful too thank you all.

So much. Arthur says thanks for all you do thank you guys you guys you guys don't have to do that really thank you though. I mean it's nice to know that that what we do makes a difference how to get higher status in someone else's world that depends on the world that they live in. But the fastest way to do it is tell stories and uh actually if you if you study mystery method a little bit he's got a great way.

I think his style uh from uh um. Annihilation method has does the same thing there's ways to tell stories that have all the status modifiers in the background of the story um. I have a story course. But we don't cover that particular aspect of it directly in my story course.

I recommend you look. At mystery method um and and notice how they do it okay. Also swing cats real world seduction talks a little bit about how to use stories to position yourself and create higher status there's also other ways like the wingman method or social proofing and things of that nature and we cover those in killer influence um work what are your thoughts on combo kmbo. I don't know what that is um how can we get uh you'll notice it by the how rapidly people respond to you and the degree to which they respond to you my relation says.

I am. So grateful for this. New. Year's.

Cameo wonderful as we are bringing in the. New. Year absolutely absolutely. I.

I wanted to. I just you know. I guess that. I had.

I had a few moments to while the while the folks were kind of doing their thing. I think they're getting kind of restless. So it's about time for me to spend some time with the most important people in my life other than you you know um. So uh let's see here will this stream be available on.

YouTube yes. Um. I usually let all my. YouTubes or all my lives uh live on our.

YouTube channel and if you like it and if you got a lot of value please like and share it you know uh. Heather endres says thank you for everything you do for us she's one of our. Mega. Platinum.

Mistresses we call her. Mega babe um and uh. So that's it. Anyway um that's all.

I got time for in the words of the immortal. Carol. Burnett. I'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh we're sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long bye-bye take care people good night. God bless.
