Title: How To Learn Anything 10x Faster - Hypnosis Technique - Deep Trance Identification
File Name: sDfUXVpki9k.txt
Video Id: sDfUXVpki9k
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDfUXVpki9k

Now how does this how does this relate to the. Last piece of the identity by design silo the magic circle. Magic. Circle is the generative component within the identity by design silo everything else you could consider remedial in other words we're going in and we're changing something that got screwed up.

But it wasn't installed right. Or whatever in the magic circle we're actually selecting people or exemplars our avatars depending on what word you resonate with who represent qualities characteristics skills and abilities we want for ourselves things we want more of right. I did a little bit of. DTI with you on.

Wednesday night when. I had you float up out of your body down into the image of me teaching you and being me for a little while we're active when when. I floated down and merged. I felt like.

I had the ability to bring them to everybody that's good. I like that coherence with everybody yes. Coherence with everybody is actually what. I do in advanced regression and actually in secrets of personality transformation in in.

Vegas we're going to go even further into deep trance. ID deep trance identification. I'm going to show you some darkside stuff apply for more gray purposes and benevolent purposes we'll go very very much more comprehensively into building very complex deep trance identification protocols that are you know much more pervasive. But the things we want to talk about we think about.

DTI deep trance identification a make sure you're only extracting the technical qualities you want. So build a filter in place that only pulls in the characteristics and qualities that you can covet for yourself mentally physically emotionally. I'll give you my codes. I started with.

Sherlock. Holmes. James. Bond.

Captain. Jack. Sparrow. Robin.

Williams. George. Carlin. Richard.

Bandler. Kenner. Cleveland did a little bit of. Mark that's.

Sam. Kinison yeah you can or you can do them all together when. I do. I'm going to do the demo in a minute and.

I'll probably just do one or two. But. I've had people do like 10 right. It doesn't matter as long as you understand the process right.

Jay come on up your brother absolutely yes. Remind me to tell you about. Captain. Jack the acupuncturist all right.

Huh. Captain. Jack the ague increases the horrifying thought. I go to lay like a rock star indeed.

I do love indeed. I do all right. So we're just gonna walk through the. DTI process right.

And and it's actually kind of fun do you have anybody that you'd like to have more of in you in that non-gay way mm-hm oh it's got to be known gay. I feel a round of sweet transvestite coming on who was it who was in class when. I did the. Franken further imitation oh you think.

I won't it's not any you've nothing coming ha ha ha be careful what you ask for how do you do baby get him right. There alright. Um let's do actually no. Awesome powers yeah yeah baby yeah and.

Then we shed baby yeah. I used him as well [Music] you want some. Japanese to do you double ease all right. Your feet will remain strong beneath you sleep deep sleep all the way down deeper and deeper with every breath you take every beat of your heart a drifting dreaming floating flying oh.

So relaxed. So at peace your body becoming more and more relaxed your head can come back up. But you can go deeper and deeper and deeper still open up close your eyes. All the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still open right.

All the way up close those eyes. All the way down drifting dreaming floating flying guiding by the sound of my voice wonderful sensations coursing all throughout your mind all throughout your body wonderful senses of pleasure the kind of pleasure that that's right. Doubling and tripling with every breath you've taken every beat of your heart because the more pleasure you feel yeah more oxytocin you release the more oxytocin you release more rapidly your neurology goes oh. I can change now and of course the more you change the better you feel the better you feel of that deeper you go and it just goes that way you have a.

VA now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment baby. I'm gonna say. I mean you're going to notice your consciousness flying all the way up out of your physical body leaving your physical body far behind going higher and.

I are still that's. Captain. Jack the hypnotist takes over you'll begin to notice a wonderful sense of relaxation a wonderful sense of freedom for you the physical body you can move anywhere you like in time and space to the past to the presence even parallel universes parallel lives or other versions of yourself life or learning and living and having adventures things you can learn from that's a wonderful thing as you continue to float higher and higher and. I am still that's right.

Did you do you can actually look. Down you can actually see that glowing line of time beneath you the one we visited. So many times that's right. As you continue to float you see off in the distance a beautiful star a familiar style that winks and twinkles and welcomes your own you find yourself being drawn towards it moving floating flying that wonderful energy getting stronger and stronger bathed in your mind bathing your body and all of those wonderful things that you love.

So much that's right. And you pass through that beautiful light you feel a cleansing as if a beautiful spa special fine filter has been applied through every part of your being filtering away any stress any strain any less than positive experience until only the purest consciousness of. Jay is remaining you find yourself passing through that light into a very familiar place a dome-shaped room with pearly gray walls in the center of that room where a huge fireplace used to be is something different a beautiful glowing circle of energy and there's one small portion of that circle that isn't quite glowing yet and we're going to step inside you and. I and as soon as you do that others that section lights up and you feel an energy washing through you you feel a sense of command a sense of power a sense of being one with.

God and in this place in this time in this construct we call the room of eternity in the gray room and the. Magic. Circle you are one with creation and anything you can intend anything you can imagine anything you can act out must must must become true and real for you in the external just the way it works now as you look. Around the exterior of that circle you can begin to notice that there are people advertise examples of qualities traits and characteristics that you really want more off that you would like to have installed deep inside play yourself and with a wave of your hand or a snap of your finger the.

First one appears when you see him or her nose your head to let me know that's right. And as you look. That person in the eyes. You can see feel an energy moving back and forth between the two of you if you know what a chakra is you can feel your chakras actually aligning energy beginning to flow back and forth information being downloaded and transferred your vibrations synchronizing like a.

Bluetooth that's right. And when you're ready. I want you to turn around and step backwards into that person becoming completely one with them seeing the world through their eyes. Hearing the world through their is feeling the world through that body sensing and believing and understanding and perceiving themselves as a world that everyone at it as this person and as you do make what.

I'd like you to do as. I get a live a life as. Then go where they go do what they do understand the way they understand go on adventures baby yeah that's right. Over and over and over again whatever formative experiences they had that were necessary for them to become that kind of a person take only what you need only what you want only what gives you those qualities traits characteristics and attributes and when you know you've got it when you know it's locked in imprinted indelibly in every level of your mind every level of your body.

Then all. I want you to do is nod your head to let me know take a deep breath breathe in their essence feel them becoming a permanent part of you imprinting merging and step out turn around face that avatar look. Them in the eyes. And with all the gratitude that you have to give thank them for what they've shared and with a wave of your hand thanks dismiss them back for once they came and as you look.

Around the circle dagnabbit is there anyone else whose qualities true characteristics or attributes you like down or up name them summon them when you see them nod your head yeah yeah and once again as you looked in the eyes. You thanked them for coming the energy between your eyes. Begins to blend and merge and pass information or your crown your. Third eye your heart your throat shut all of your chakras aligning vibrating synchronizing the energy transfer accelerating.

Maxo fighting you can just feel it like downloading information from the matrix like neo going huh. I know kung fu kung fu is getting stronger stronger still when you're ready noni when you're ready turn around and step into them feel that energy surging all throughout your mind all throughout your body live that life feel that feeling know what they know be them now in every respect taking only what you most need what you most want to exemplify those for these characteristics and attributes that give you the results you crave and desire give the life over and over and over again thousands of times at the speed of thought until you know you've got it when you know you've got it no. Dread to let me know that's right. Take a deep breath in breathe in that essence and step out again turn around look.

Your avatar in the eyes. With all the gratitude and deep felt thanks you have to give thank them miss them back from whence they came and now anytime you need to. J anytime you want to you can go to the room of eternity you can visit that gray room and enter your magic circle and as an act of will you can summon forth any quality characteristic or attribute that you want you can step inside and become the embodiment of those powers of those abilities and express them integrate them fully into your own persona into your own being expressing them and enjoying them wielding them that's your will for all the right. Reasons when you know you've got that imagine a time in the future seven days from now having fully integrated installed expressed and applied these qualities characteristics and attributes step into that body seven years in the future notice what it feels like to be that person now look.

Back on those seven days towards this moment notice what you've learned no. This was different what have you learned. Jay that's right. Now move forward a month from those seven days into that buddy live that life for a couple of days and notice how good that feels notice the results that you're getting now as you notice the results that you're getting now look.

Back on those month in that previous month and notice what you've learned notice what's different notice it just gets better and better for all the right. Reasons and now from that month move six months into the future step into that body having fully mastered and built upon these foundations live that life look. At the results you have look. Back on this moment and notice what's left right.

Notice what you've learned is what you've acquired and. Then one final time moving here into the future from that six-month month into that body into that mind into that life live it turn around look. Back on that year-and-a-half notice what you've learned notice what's changed well you know you've got it begin the journey back walking back in time and as you look. Back in time tracing your timeline back to the present moment you notice what look.

Like little glowing footprints and each of those footprints symbolizes a step in the process a journey an idea understanding a revelation that you've made a turning point in the process that led you to this goal to this destination and as you retrace your steps back your unconscious mind as a roadmap to follow a set of coordinates in your. GPS they will inevitably inevitably orient on and take you to faster more fully more powerfully than ever before and even beyond it when you know you've got that feel yourself floating down into the physical body here in the room bringing all of those transformations revelations and education with you head clear mind clear fully installed in every well you know you're here node you're headed like me now excellent over here in a moment no. Yeah. But in jobs development.

I'm gonna count from 1 to 5 when. I reach the number 5 you'll emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed at every level of your mind body and soul is in complete harmony clear to complete accord with this tribulations transformations and education number 1 feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where you're the one who knows how to use this you're the one who's done the work was imprinted the traits the qualities the characteristics is expressing them uniquely in your own way that gives you the results you want the way you want it number two all of my suggestions from meeting you from you do very own other than conscious mind and out ten times more powerful ten times more positive 10 times more permanent locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires and can progress and express these qualities traits and characteristics always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle a circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind when our easily effortlessly and automatically generate those solutions in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four. Wow because it's all for you mr. J you've done the work you followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you deserve the rewards it's your reality you've earned it and it's true for you now on the.

Next count you can emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed at every level of your neurology mind body and soul is completely imprinted with these qualities traits and characteristics expressing them in all the ways that only make your life better by your standards and your expectations at peace with yourself or the world and everyone in its you good old over glad to be alive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel wow that was cool. So the. First one that just came up and. I saw was.

Merlin and the. Second one was. Indiana. Jones no.

Damn cannot - oh ouch that was really awesome. Thank. You grav applause for the man thank you. Mary it's actually quite simple isn't it.
