Title: sFsCuCNLEAE.txt
Video Id: sFsCuCNLEAE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFsCuCNLEAE

[Laughter] why do we start our classes by jumping around like crazy. Maniacs singing cooked on a. Feeling change my state okay. Chris group four oh you guys are thinking very macelli and.

I like that. Ashwin increased testosterone depends. I guess that depends on what you're feeling mandar more learn fter for sure all of those are true wrong it's actually much more basic than that. But it's something that.

I want you all to put at the top of every single notepad or page that you write today because no. Matter what we're talking about no. Matter how complicated or comprehensive or compound the techniques seem to be it's going to come down to a few basic principles and if you master those principles you've mastered. NLP it's really that simple the.

First one everything human beings do is in response to a feeling feelings nothing more than sorry right. It's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want less of that's it that's it that's all you need to know see you. Later right. Now if you're coming from classical.

NLP or anything that's deriv from. NLP you're going to hear people talk about veog v a k o g visual auditory kinesthetic ol. Factory gustatory and the. NLP zealots of the world will say oh.

I'm a visual. I see things clearly right. Then you'll have the the auditories. I an auditory.

But soft the moon like a testicle hangs low in the sky right. Some of you get that. Later. Anyway right.

And. I listen to the things right. Then you have the kinesthetics yep oh even their posture changes you see a visual they're always up here auditories they lead with their head can. Aesthetics they lead with the low danan okay.

So are all these things true true enough to be true and when we we say that what it means is it's true enough that it works it's true enough that it's useful not always 100% laboratory proven and true and by the way laboratory science doesn't mean because there are certain things you can't prove in a lab right. But most of what you're going to be learning if not all of it is extremely evidence-based there's no. Fluff there's no. Theory in the theoretical portion of our training it's all been proven over and over again in multiple contexts.

But everything regardless of where you're coming from is going to distill down to this feelings reign supreme in the v hierarchy because no. Matter whether you're a visual whether you have a what we call a visual lead which means. I look. At things and.

Then all the other cortexes of my brain light up or. I'm a primary which means. I primarily relate to the world through visuals there is not a single thing that you do or feel until you hit the. K you have what we call an internal kinesthetic or what we call ki and.

Then you have what we call an external kinesthetic a behavior internal. State external. Behavior internal. State external.

Behavior the only difference is how you get there. But if all of these processes end in one of these. Why not start there why skip why just skip all the go right. To the kinesthetics and that's why we begin every class with hook.

Down a feeling all those other things you told me are true. But everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of now to get all. NLP is on you this becomes what we call a meta program which means it doesn't matter what the context is right. If.

I'm going to buy uh plumbing supplies. I'm going to move towards the things that make me feel good when. I see the price. I'm going to move away because it makes me feel bad right.

If. I'm going to see the doctor. I have fear. I have insecurity the doctor tells me everything's going to be all right.

I like my doctor he gives me the bill. I move away from my doctor right. Towards and away from right. Dating right.

I see a hot chick hot guy want to move towards him. I see his girlfriend or boyfriend who's bigger than me. I move away right. Towards in a way it it's meta context independent understand that you're also going to learn about values values are not context independent which means values change as context changes sometimes a lot sometimes a little cont values changes context changes if.

I'm going to go buy plumbing supplies. I'm going to have a different set of rules to get my needs met than if. I'm going to go to the doctor right. In both cases my value may be security or safety.

But how. I go judging a doctor a doctor's product versus a plumbing supplier's product could be radically different we call those criteria the rules by which we know are getting our values are met does that make sense the elicitation of values generates a polarity towards or away from starting to jle a little bit what you're going to see right. With you what you're going to see as we go through the different skill sets of classical. NLP and start.

B merging into behavioral modification more weaponized approaches is this constant oscillation between towards and away from towards pleasure away from pain towards things we want away from things we don't want everything else is just commentary it's window dressing right. It goes right. Down to our biology when. I see somebody that.

I like or something. I'm interested in my body does this when. I'm repulsed by something it does that towards and away from it doesn't change except unless you're one of those weird people who pay for pain and. Then it's still moving towards it's just a very weird way of getting now there there is some distinctions that we need to make and we call that those distinctions of they the distinctions of order and sequence order and sequence the technical word for that is called.

Syntax for those of you who've ever done programming and you type in a a command or a sequence of commands and one of them just get one comma out of order and it goes syntax. Sarah you're a complete loser right. It's kind of what happens right. He's a programmer he knows right.

What does it mean it means you taught something out of the wrong you got it in the wrong order you got it in the wrong order right. So when you hear classical. NLP or. Tony.

Robbins when he if you if you got any of his old videos where he talks about mental syntax he's talking about the order and sequence of brain regions that your that your system accesses to do a specific thing does that make sense okay. So everything quick pop quiz everything human beings do is in response to it's either a feeling they want or a feeling they want that equates to a meta program known as towards and away from right. Meta programs are context independent values and rules are context body language is responds to the same rules as the. Mind towards away from what we we see a consistency between the words that come out of somebody's mouth and the behaviors that their body is engaging in we call that congruency their words match their body if.

I'm looking lie detection if. I'm doing y. I'm looking for all kinds of in congruity right. If.

I'm doing any kind of uncovering work and that could be therapeutic it could be in sales it could be even dating right. I'm looking for when the body language and the words don't match just as much as. I'm looking for when they do match because. I need to know towards and away from because without understanding towards and away from.

I can't navigate the system. I can't navigate where. I'm at to where. I want to be or to get my outcome does that make sense okay.

I just gave you three days of. NLP training. But that's it if you take all the crap that. I.

S say crap all the nomenclature and the data and the theory and the lecture and you take it all and you look. At it from the 50,000 this is what comes up at least in my world right. Just testing no. All right.

You had a question sir come on up rmbo. I've told you about that one two three yes. You got to make love to the microphone all right. I think you answered my question uh when you review the feelings.

So when you talk about the meta programs. The. Meta program is. I'm.

I'm a little confused meta means above or about okay. So anytime we're talking about going meta we're taking it to the. Next level of think think of going up and seeing a bigger picture okay. Or having more control over what's below you as opposed to chunking down and becoming very very specific by we're going to be playing a lot with that.

Later on because we're going to be doing reframe training like hardcore reframe training in the. Stream yeah it's it's going to get nasty in a fun way yes. And. I'm completely confused.

So and. I'm stying to remember it. So. I think in the book.

You have a list of different meta programs is that right. So okay. Um. So when you talk about moving away from or towards mhm you said that's not that's not context um dependent in most cases no.

It's it's what we call. Meta program is anything that for example another meta program that we have is um. I were go to. Joe.

Joe tell me about those candies well these candies are hold on oh you have one right. Here hog turn it you got hold on you gotta lick it. First you got to turn it on. I just came from like 10 days of priest training.

So my inner demons are coming out there you go. Okay. So we've got four colors of candies we've got red. So four colors of candies actually three three colors you got three colors two blues and.

Then the. Snickers and. I have a feeling that the blues are the best tasting ones okay. Tell me about those candies just not [Laughter] you they're chocolate they're all chocolate that tastes really good when you eat in and they bring your your a.

So they're all chocolate they taste really good than you eat them and what and they bring your oxytocin up oxto they bring oxytocin they sure do all right. Cool your turn anything tell me anything you want tell me about those candies there are seven candies several candies seven seven seven okay. I suspect each color has a different things in it as a ingredient uhhuh and and sneakers is the biggest out of all seven okay. So three colors it's sameness well right.

And. Then he went into each color that's difference she says they're all chocolate that's sameness all difference same candies different sorting mechanism that's a meta program that meta program will be operative whether she's buying a house a car selecting a mate it is context independent you all have them by the way right. Sethy argued me because he sorts by exception and. I wasn't exactly precise with my estimation of.

Joseph he had a jump out of his skin and by the way people who sort by exception tend to really piss off people don't. So you need to understand that they're not trying to be difficult that's just how they sort and they're really useful if you're if you're an entrepreneur or a dreamer. I'm trying to turn this thing off. But that's what she said.

Anyway um. So. REM. I'll put a pin in that we'll get back your.

Next question. So. So the meta program is underneath the meta programs comes values if we're looking at filters of perception or filters of behavior we're looking at values yes. I'm just completely lost because.

I guess maybe another way of asking what's the purpose of what you're explaining here. I mean. I you said um everything humans do is a response to a feeling. I get that and.

Then underneath that you have feelings. MH and understanding that humans either move towards or wave yes. Where does value come into. So.

I get that. So simp value comes into values have three pieces there's a cause an effect and a meaning right. So something happens that triggers a feeling we give that feeling a name okay. That's a value and it's a value we either want more of or if.

Violet's a value we move away from it. So if there was a different if there was a different meta program. Then we would still use moving towards or wait from okay. That answers it appreciate it you're welcome all right.

So again one of the things you'll hear this is and it's actually a really good place to start because one of the places where people get the most confused is in this concept cept of values and beliefs and meta programs meta programs are not beliefs they're filters they standing orders to the nervous system look. For this. First. Then look.

For this. Next right. One of the ones that came up a lot. Moss isn't here.

So. I can't pick on them. But. But one of the things one of the other ones you'll you'll.

I think is in your manual is cost versus convenience right. How many people here. Will will drive an extra 10 miles to save a nickel on a on on a tank of gas not. So much no.

None of nobody in this room is about cost it's about convenience give it to me now. David right. Uh. So that's probably one of the things that that kind of joins us my wife on the other hand will drive a half an hour to save that kind of money a nickel on a gallon of gas she she'll do that because she's she comes from a different country where she grew up with with a lot of scarcity and there's just a lot of different things right.

Me. I can get it now if. I pay an extra five bucks bring it right. I should own stock in.

Amazon delivery. I order two three times a day right. It's just because. I live.

I have a. I'm a 10-minute walk from the grocery store it right. That's just me right. If you ever seen these lines on my face those of you who came to face reading.

I tell you my impatience is my superpower right. Right. Because of my impatience. I can now.

I can now heal pain and diseases in in a really short amount of time right. With. God's help of course uh he's watching right. Um.

But. So there's different programs and um probably the one of the best resources. I've seen for people with basic meta programs is a book. By the late.

Tad. James called timeline therapy and the basis of. Personality um we'll talk quite a bit uh about time and. I should.

I should point out that this is an. NLP practitioner class this will be will be certified as a level one practitioner and. NLP. Ultra which.

I have to make a distinction is not classical. NLP by any stretch of the imagination right. So there's some things that we emphasize here that might not get the same emphasis in other trainings there are some things that. I'll say are completely not useful and the the classicists will will want to burn me at the stake and stuff like that them right.

If they can do with what they with what. I can do with mine. Then we'll go for it right. I'm just competitive that way you just need to know that about me.

But this is really what what if. I know if you look. At meta programs and the. Milton model and you look.

At um. Val the hierarchy of beliefs and all these other things that they teach us in. NLP how people here have an actual. NLP background okay.

I oh well. Then. I shouldn't probably talk about this because it doesn't really help you um it's it all goes down to this even in. Chase's world everything he's doing is towards and away from everything is going to be this right.

Any other questions about that basic fundamental training yes. Moss yeah they none of you nobody turned and looked at. Moss he says if you have a problem signing a video release there is the away from means get the out. GTFO right.

Gft gtf. I can't. I'm like stick siick. Anyway where' my where did my my uh eraser go oh there well that'll work we'll see if it works.

Anyway. So we're going to be spending a one one of the things that um we're going to talk a lot about is the different skill sets of. NLP. But let's let's let's get even more basic.

I'm going to talk about the classical definition of. NLP versus how. I kind of how. I like to.

Define it it's it's kind of a sad commentary that the most advanced uh system of communication on the planet can't accurately describe itself without causing confusion right. So what does that mean um it's a good thing. I have a whole bunch of these because. I keep losing them.

So neural linguistic programming the definition. I was taught oh. So many moons ago is the study of the structure of subjective. Human.

Experience. So what the hell does that mean we could as easily say it's the study of everything we're going to break it we're going to go into the again this this definition was created in the 70s before a lot of the science that actually validates what. NP is doing came out. So let's look.

At a little bit more comprehensive definition of what we're doing with from an. NLP perspective. NLP is the study of the structure of subjective unit experience what that means is it's how we create it how we manage it how we change it and how we communicate it and communicates the the one of the major ones that we need to understand because communication takes place internally and externally you heard me say earlier internal. State external.

Behavior right. These two are interl one always precedes the other and they're usually chained together. So the study of. NLP is about how we create our subjective experience how we manage it how we can change it and in between here you could also put how we relate to it and that goes to internal communication how many people here have ever heard me say you are not the way you are because of the things that happened to you you are the way you are because of the way you have done what recorded what happened to you and the way you've been relating to those recordings you're 5 years old driving down you know walking down the street somebody hits you runs into you with their skateboard breaks your arm right.

You're 30 years old every time you see a kid with a skateboard you your arm hurts that kid hit you once you've been hitting yourself for 25 years why because of the way you recorded the experience and how you've been relating to it what your body body's been doing every time the external environment matches something that was recorded a certain way okay. Stimulus response right. Pavlovian conditioning. NLP calls that particular phenomena an anchor you guys know what.

I mean when. I say pavlovian conditioning you guys know that. Ian pava was a famous animal torturer teasing um actually if you can get um there's a really really good book. I'll have to remember the title of it it's on pavlovian conditioning and it was it was written in.

Russia um and it's one of the fundamental foundational books on brainwashing um. But what. Pavlov would do is he would he would uh ring a bell every time he was going to feed his dogs you know meat powder or whatever and after a certain amount of and. Noti the dogs would salivate and after a certain amount of repetitions all you had to do was ring the bell the dogs would salivate that's an anchor when you're born this is all you this is how you learn you take two things that have nothing to do with each other and your brain smashes them together it's like a jam sandwich take two pieces of bread something in a.

Mill and you jam it together right. So this is the most. Primal way that we learn cause effect anchor cause effect anchor right. Now if we assign a meaning to that feeling cause effect meaning we now have a belief all values are beliefs you see how it starts to it's one piece starts to build right.

So the fundamental is always going to be feeling it's always going to be towards or away from it's always going to be like versus unlike it's going to be cause effect. But there's something that happens. So you have you guys got you guys want to need to take a picture of this or anything because. I'm just illustrating my thoughts as like is this everybody kind of following me on this makes it simple doesn't it because there's only a few fundamental questions you need to ask whenever you're interacting with a human being are they moving towards or away from what's their current state where do.

I want them to go are they moving towards that or not and what do. I need to do to get them there those are the fundamental questions now the more aware you become of how their system is processing that the more leverage you create that's it it's all about leverage right. So can. I erase this.

So once again for the. Cameron the classical definition of. NLP is the study of the structure of subjective. Human.

Experience we want to get something a little bit more comprehensive it's the specific study of how human beings create that internal that subjective experience how they manage it how they change it and relate to it and how they communicate it outside of their own mind and body okay. So there's two ways we get we get an internal representation or subjective experience we create it or we receive it and we recreate it. So if. I say the word dog you all heard dog what kind of dog was was the picture in your head take a what mix mix terrier mix what.

Kelly what was your dog a miniature golden doodle a miniature golden doodle. Nick oh go golden retriever golden retriever what color was your dog one word all the same all different pictures why because you had to create the experience from the communication that you receive from the outside world this is something you need to understand your nervous system doesn't work in real time it's constantly predicting what's going to happen. Next that's the. Neuroscience we'll play with that in fact most of the advanced tactics that we're going to be teaching you hack that that phenomena either linguistically behaviorally or on a on a filter level okay.

You have a question [Laughter] okay. You think very good very good very good very good okay. So. So when we start talking about the study of subjective experience we want to know how are they creating it how are they managing it when we talk about management how many people have not played the frame game everybody here's played the frame.

Game you've you better have played the frame game. Nick did you play the frame game okay. So everybody close your eyes. Think of something that makes you feel really really really really really really really really really really really really really really pretty good on a scale of 1 to 10.

I want it to be like a 14 right. I want you to make it. So good you can't even smell about it without a big old smile on your face. I want you to notice where in your body you feel that do the drills.

Nick all right. Notice where in your body you feel it point to it now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that amazing feeling a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it excellent keep your hands there open your eyes. Look. Around the room and notice where everybody's hands are or are not they're all in different places why because you organize your subjective experience in different filing cabinets you all have a filing cabinet.

But you organize them differently and that organization that structure makes all the difference it's the how you built that experience that determines what your body does not the content of the experience right. And that's what's cool about when we talk about um we say the structure of subjective. Human. Experience where did.

I put it how big was it was it in color or black and white was it moving or was it still you see those qualities those attributes that we don't think anything of because we're focused on the story rather than how how it's represented those are the things that tell our nervous system how to play that experience for us. So close your eyes. Again think back to that picture. Reach.

Out. And. Touch it just for fun trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is now grab the edges of it and just make it bigger without slugging the person.

Next to you notice what happens to the feelings in your body it get stronger or weaker now some of you bring it back and shrink it down even smaller notice what happens does it get stronger or weaker lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket what happens now what happens to the experience notice how every time you change as something as simple as the size and location of that object. The. Experience changes the content the story hasn't changed. But what your nervous system is giving you the experience of is is it true or not true hope be nice look.

Up here come out of come out of come out of the zone right. True or not true right. Okay. Now if if you're having trouble wrapping your head around that right.

Then you probably need to do some other classes right. But that's the basic understanding of what. NLP is. NLP is how do we build it how do we create it how do we manage it how do we build it not just on the story level or on the content level.

But on the structure level because each of those qualities size shape location among all the other attributes you can name yes. They give us an attribute like it's black and white or it's color. But they also tell our nervous system to play the experience this way at this intensity level. So how many you noticed when you made the picture bigger the intensity the experience went up how many of you noticed when you made the picture smaller the intensity experience went down some of you have the inverse of that some of you you made the picture bigger and they've got more like diffused other people it got more con when you made it smaller it got stronger got concentrated it doesn't matter what you experienced what matters is how you experienced it in other words when.

I made something bigger did it get stronger or did it get weaker right. Did you tell the system to make it stronger did you did you intense it for or did it just happen automatically because each of those attributes in your subjective experience operates like a computer command to the autonomic nervous system it tells the system how to give you the experience now you took. A picture that was this big for some of you and made it this big that you made it this big. Then you moved it up and.

Then you moved it around. So what's the implication there oh he's is making us think what's the implication there we can change the feeling boom you can change it it's on the sign if you can point to where you feel it you can change it this is how you do it right. Now the problem is a lot of times that we need to alter our state to do that. So the idea the secret to it is to just play pretend that's the hack to everything just pretend if you have if you suddenly have a block to something pretend you don't if.

I didn't have the block what would it be it would be this okay. Right. Uh you know. I don't see a picture pretend you do what do you what would be the.

First thing you see. First impression boom it's this perfect right. Which brings us to a fundamental we're talking about un conscious processing or as you'll become very very. Adept at unconscious communication you as an.

NLP. Ultra pra need to be able to con to to com communicate with both levels at the same time that's the goal okay. Your conscious mind pays attention to words stories metaphors your unconscious mind pays attention to structure emotion feelings okay. It's going somewhere with this um it'll come back in a minute what was.

I talking about before. I talked about uh unconscious processing. Seth come out of. Trance.

I open we can change the feel we can change it yeah umun we we have to learn how to communicate on both levels. So one of the things that was important to understand is that all of these things are trans. States your problem is not getting people into trans your problem is getting them out because most human beings move in and out of trans. States.

So fluidly. So naturally that they don't even know they've in they've been in a. Trans. State till five or six.

M you know you're driving down all a sudden you realize they missed the exit and stuff like that we go we're trans machines the question becomes is the trans state that the person is in. Optimum for us getting our outcome and if not what state are they in what state do. I need them in to get the outcome whether it's their outcome or mine and in classic. NLP we would call that present.

State desired state where are they where do we want them to be how are we going to get them there right. Now we've taken all the therapy. CL training out of this class right. Can you use everything you're learning for therapy 1,00%.

I do it all the time the problem is is that it doesn't always generalize both ways most classical. NLP trainings are going to give you a ton of therapeutic techniques. Then you go out to the to to sell cars or you're like or see a hot person that you want to get to meet how specifically you start metamodeling them and get kicked in the nards or something like that right. So.

I is anybody here not good at hypnosis it's okay. I need to know it's going to come out because you're. GNA be hypnotizing each other right. Um.

I'm not picking. I don't want to single. I'm not singling about. I.

I just need to know where you're at how many of my diplomas do you have a couple all right. All right. Um. I think this is.

I'm going to give you your. First drill. Then we're going to take a 10-minute 15 15minute ptty break. I want everybody to stand up.
