Title: SJ4BznghMRM.txt
Video Id: SJ4BznghMRM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJ4BznghMRM

Hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David checking in. I'm calling to you live from o.

Cal of. Florida at the home of my wonderful sister and mother my mother uh checking in. I just wanted to see what everybody's doing on this fine. Christmas.

Day and uh we figured what better time to check in with the extended family you know what's going on uh does my screen look. A little washed out. I can't tell look. Caught a lot of people at home huh all right.

So what do you all up to today what are you all doing for your your. Christmas let see if my background filter makes this any better is that better. I don't think that's better we'll go back to this you guys hear me okay. Hey.

Amilia there. Cynthia t uh. Liam. Weis coaching kein kazana.

Kazama. Robin and. Heather and. Sarah all right.

So what's on your agenda hey. Kai. Good. To.

Be. Live you know regeneration rest reset you got it kicking it in. Oregon. Oregon has a coast.

I guess they do. Kazama is asking this year. I decided to stay home and treat myself to a quiet day yeah that goes out the window when you have kids especially my kids. So while we're on for a short time.

I mean. I'm uh. I do have to do the family thing. But.

I thought. I'd check in with you guys what do you guys got going on what do you uh you guys got any questions anything you want to talk about uh any plans for the. Christmas any new year stuff going on uh let's see. Ila asking.

I was going to go out to drink with the boys. But. Then. I saw you.

WR don't give up your life to hang on. YouTube channel with me life is too short how to plan to achieve a skill okay. Well it's the secret to achieving any skill is to break it down into small smaller and smaller chunks and get ridiculously good at each step in the chain that's really the. SE the secret to to learning in it's called deliberate practice um there will be certain skills you have aptitudes for and and you can you can skip steps with those many times because you have a natural aptitude.

But if you want to be comprehensive break it down into small pieces and overlearn each step capila capila saying happy. Merry. Christmas dear bro. David right.

Back at you capil let's see here man there's people just flooding in here. I think. I picked the right. Time to do a live huh what do you think how many of you by the way have heard about uh the healing intensive we've got coming up uh the weekend of.

January 12th it's virtual healing intensive have you guys heard about that. So this says. I'm reading my killer influence manual and watching. IBD okay.

That's like multitasking on a whole other scale. I were you. Cynthia. I'd either read your.

IBD manual and watch. IBD or read your killer influence manual and watch killer influence that might be more useful. U useful approach. Cynthia says nope not going to do it.

I'm going to do that all right. You do you boo. Liam tells what are some good exercises for attuning to water energy um attuning to water energy is all about meditating on the qualities of water and trying and and attempting through imagination to stimulate those qualities in yourself. So in most mystical and energetic systems water has a lot of qualities connected to it.

But the two key ones that that. I see are consistent from uh system the system is water tends to sink and it's very cold. So the idea is if you're if you're trying to gain rapport with the water element you want to generate and imagine that you are made of water and that you are in a. Universe of nothing.

But water and you're immersed in those qualities of water and. Then you want to dissolve yourself into that uh you your spirit body your your energy body your physical body and that's the way you begin to build a rapport bridge between your the the. Inner. Elements inside of you and the external or metaphysical aspects of water these are these are very common very practiced exercises in.

Buddhism they practiced in in her in the. Bens hermetic systems they're practiced in the dowas system systems with many variations. But that's where you start right. And.

Then as you as you study and you learn about the elements and you start creating and and building for yourself a lexicon if you will of other correspondences that are related to the water element in your world. Then when you start to build those into your meditations every time you do a water meditation you are also building those attributes that you've associated with the water element into your life. So it's a it's an iterative process you know when most people start they have one or two things that they're going to use as their anchor points for a particular element and. Then as they learn more and more about how the elements evolve and create certain other phenomena in the world you know if you look.

At the da system the da says the da gave birth to one one gave birth to two two gave birth to three three gave birth to the 10,000 things well the 10,000 things are the mixtures of all the different five elements coming together and creating everything else and. So as you start to build your own lexicon of what those things are and how they they have a particular. Elemental. Affinity you can start to develop those qualities in of yourself every time you do your your.

Elemental meditations okay. Let's see here um okay. So you guys want to hear more about the healing. Summit okay.

So this is this is actually an idea. I. I got from uh one of my colleagues this probably has to be a good five six seven years ago this is really preo my friend. Brent bound um who was the creator of holographic memory resolution one of the programs that he would offer was a uh three-day healing intensive and basically what it was it it would be a small group of people they would come like.

I. I actually hosted one at my clinic it was really fun um it was basically they would they would come into the clinic or whatever facility that we're we're hosting it at and there' be like any between 13 and 20 of us and we would do self-work and he would guide us through processes. But he would actually bring each person up individually and work with them throughout the three days and everybody else got to observe and watch and and. So forth and.

So. I learned a lot as. I was watching. Brent do that and.

I thought to myself. I am never gonna do that um and and the reason. I said that. I was never going to do that was because the sheer amount of work that was that was involved on my my end as a facilitator um.

But also because um. I just didn't see it as as being a way to leverage to to be leverageable come six seven years. Later postco uh you know the world has changed uh people are far more changed. I guess in a m not necessarily in a well.

I'm gonna go. I'm gonna use the word maladapted um not because. I. I think we're all broken.

But because three years of house arrest did change us and as much as we are coming on the other side of that um you know the world was different pre-co it changed during covid and. Then postco it changed again and. So. I realized that we need.

I. Planet. David we needed a way to help more people level up to help more people um get the help that they need because. I know a lot of you we do a lot of certifications we do a lot of um teaching people how to do stuff.

But the vast majority of people aren't nearly as interested in a certificate as they are in getting their stuff handled and getting somebody who can help them overcome their stuff. So. I thought to myself well you know back in the early days of hypnosis. I mean we're talking like 50 60s and 70s there would be these wandering hypnotists they would travel from town to town to town and they would have 50 100 200 people and they would do like a one- day stop smoking uh thing and they would bring everybody in and just run people through a series of group interventions right.

And lots of people actually did were able to quit smoking get the help they needed uh doing those things and. I thought to myself when. I. First heard that.

Mom. I said that's really cool. I'm never going going to do that um because. I'm a big believer in in the ability to tailor and to to give people a little bit more of a nuanced intervention and.

I saw. Brent bound what he was trying to do and. I looked at what he was doing with his model. I said.

I it's a great. I got a big heart. I'm never going to do that and. Then here's you know now we're coming into a year give or take out of out of postco and.

I'm looking at what people need and you know you ever hear that expression you want to hear. God laugh tell them your plans or or. Say. Never.

I started thinking to myself okay. How can we give more how can we do more how can we help people level up um and the idea came to me why don't. I just get a bunch of people a small manageable group and for three days. I just run you through processes one process after another after another after another after every process we break up into small groups we talk about it um we talk about what happened what didn't happen what you wanted to happen uh and we we we really kind of chart a course through this whole this whole healing journey together and.

I'll have you know three or four of my my top people there um as. Proctors and guides and if people need specialized attention or if they need a little extra uh work on something like you know we we you know going after a level one and all of a sudden we got a level 10 that comes out of nowhere we have somebody who can you know kind of work you through that uh safely and if people need ongoing work after the. Intensive like there's you know there's a whole bunch of stuff that needs personal attention well you've gotten at least. FaceTime with not just me.

But three or four highly skilled therapists who you can continue to work with if you choose to after the summit are the intens if you need deeper work and. So the idea here was it's just you and me and a small group from the privacy of your own home. So if you need to scream and whail and. Nash teeth and break.

Crockery and do whatever you do to vent or whatever you're doing it in a safe environment you're doing it in a place where you feel comfortable you feel protected um and you can work through these things with me in real time through your computer through a secure. Zoom connection and if you need extra help. Then there's there's other avenues and things available to you. So.

I decided to test this uh and it's going to be. January um let me see here. I get my dates right. If.

I'm not it's going to be. January 12th 13th and 14th now this is a virtual healing intensive and it's designed specifically for um people who can't get either they can't afford to come to. California they don't really want a certification they just want help fixing their stuff um maybe they maybe they are coaches and therapists. But one of the big problems with being a coach and a therapist a lot of times is you develop this um like.

I know my own stuff and if. I can't fix myself. Then nobody else can fix me either or. I only.

I don't want somebody who knows you know less than me trying to fix me there's all these little biases that when you're a therapist and a. Healer and a coach that get actually put get you in your own way you know there's a reason they say doctors make the work patients right. Um and. So what.

I decided to do and this is this is purely a test. I reserve the right. To never do this again is. I'm going to take you know no.

More than 21 people and for three days we're going to go through the identity by. Design. Silo we're going to go through regression techniques we're going to go through some techniques that you will never find in any program anywhere that. I teach at least not at the current time and we and our goal is strictly to bucket list everything that you want to work on from the least provocative to the most provocative and step our way through the curriculums.

But not in the context of you going out there and you're going to do this work on other people. But rather you're you're in your privacy home you have a connection with me and. I'm guiding you through these processes for your benefit. So that you can have the.

Transformations that you want and need in your life and. Then from there you can decide what you want to do. Next. So that's the intention behind it.

So if got any question questions um please ask me go let me sco all the way down here dot. Carter dot says that sounds. So beautiful thank you uh. Lily white do.

H says switching patterns. Le. Leonard says. Merry.

Christmas. Merry. Christmas. Leonard um where whis coaching says.

I've been using the techniques. I've learned from you to guide people to resolve childhood wounds since about four years now thank you. So much for everything you do for everyone. D you're very welcome um and.

I'm going to continue to give you know uh one of the things that you can't give indiscriminately you have to give people a chance to earn their change and that's always the that's always the line that teachers and healers and therapists uh and very spiritually oriented people are always walking because when people don't earn their change they short they they actually uh sabotage their transformation and. So we have to find ways that people can level up. But in a way that's like. I was talking about the.

G someone was asking about his skill earlier most of the people in the self-help industry are asking you to take a. Quantum. Leap of. Faith what do.

I mean by that all right. You go into a seminar and. I'm not and my seminars are really no. Different although.

I try to make it a little bit easier. But you go to a sem like you know. Tony. Robbins or or.

Lisa sasich or a a t harveer or any of them and. I'm not. I'm not putting them down. But you go in there and they say you can have all these things and and this is you can have this and you can have this and you have this and this is the price tag right.

If you want those thing if you want access to the information that will give you the possibility of acquiring this this is how much it costs and some people they could just reach into their pocket and they can whip out that credit card and even if it's a little uncomfortable for them they know that the. Universe provides and they'll get it back. But there are other people that that big leap is too far right. Rather than take that big.

Quantum. Le they need to baby step it if that makes any kind of sense and baby steps are different sizes for different people and one of the things that one of the reasons that people don't make those big gigantic leaps a lot of times is because they're not they're not convinced it'll work they're not convinced that the the programs and the processes will will bear the fruit uh that they're promised. But even more importantly they're not they don't believe in themselves they're not you know that's actually the other part of that equation is a lot of times it's not the system that's the problem sometimes it is. But a lot of times it's the belief in their ability to actually do it and.

So the idea for me behind the healing intensive was a. I can reach more people. I not burdened with the and for me this is this is a big one um. I am not burdened with the.

O the. U the duty of quality control in terms of you as a practitioner now the healing intensive is a big leap from a lot of the way. I normally do things because. I'm not going to certify you in how to do these techniques from the healing intensive this healing intensive is purely for you to come in work with me in a very condensed very short period of time and work through whatever stuff we can in the time that we have and.

Then showing you the direction of where to go from there. But what it will do for you is it will give you experiences that will help you to make the decision of how far how much further you want to go and what direction do you want to take um and that's kind of what. I'm about is. I'm looking.

I'm. I'm always looking for ways to reach more people. But to give them not just give them information and this is the big one. I think.

I don't want to give people information that's easy we have an internet full of that what. I want to do more than anything else is. I want to give people an experience. I want to take them.

I want to have them come into a process one way and come out on the other side of it changed changed in such a an obvious fundamental way that they know that something is. H was real that it happened and they can't go back right. Because if. I can do do that if.

I if. I can guide you through those processes. Then the rest is on you the the willingness and the the the the ability to take that. Next step.

However big or small it might be well it gets easier because you know it's you're not operating from. Faith anymore you're operating from a place of direct experience we call that nosis and um. I think that's the best place to start you know we live in a world of tangible where weird things happen all the time some things we can explain some things we can't. But the one thing that changes us always is the experience of something and.

So that's always been my goal my you know in. Planet. David no. Matter what we're doing whether we're doing a webinar on influence or whether we're doing that law of attraction webinar speed healing energy hypnosis trauma resolution you know face reading right.

People think face reading is a bunch of until we read them and and. Then all of a sudden holy. Batman how did you know that how could you know that right. It's because we understand pattern and structure right.

We see the world through a different set of lenses and that gives us access to information that most people don't have that allows us to have experiences that most people wouldn't think are even possible for them. So that's kind of where. I'm at with that okay. So there's a.

AP here says currently going through selfmaster supercharger what should. I expect once. I. Implement everything in my life bacular influence to okay.

Uh with s with self-mastery supercharger um you're going to find that a a lot of the things that used to bother you simply won't anymore uh your perspectives on things that used you used to think about a certain way are going to change you're going to find that um you now have the ability to be more like the people whose skills and attributes and abilities you aspire to embody yeah self-mastery supercharger is one of the most powerful ways to to design an. Identity. Design a personality you see one of the things that is really cool and scary at the same time about this whole concept of personality and identity is we think we know who we are and what most of us are at our core is a soul we're light right. Now metaphysics aside when we come we when we're created as a bunch of cells in our mother's womb where we come out one big blank hard drive we don't have a personality we don't have an identity personality and identity are things that we build they things that we learn and acquire over time now do we have certain genetic predispositions to perceiving in a certain way or feeling in acting like yeah those are there.

But those things only become active depending on the circumstances of our environment okay. And depending on the environment we're in will depend to what degree smaller or greater those tendencies are expressed. So the idea behind identity and personality is you think we think we're one solid sheet of identity that we're one person. But we're more like a we're more like a quilt or mosaic of individual experiences and belief patterns and ways of thinking and behaving in certain contexts that we've gotten used to and these identities that we move through the world in change as our environment and our context change.

So you know right. Now. I'm at my mother's house in in. Okala.

Florida and my sister's house in. Okala. Florida and. I'm a very different dude than when.

I'm jumping up and down at a seminar with my vests and all my other cool stuff and. Hooked. On. A feelings plan right.

Why am do. I are those things a lie or those things not who. I am no. Those are very much a part of an identity that.

I put on when. I am in that environment and there are certain things that. I have to accomplish. But nothing about who you are is permanent and nothing about who you are is real in the sense that it's immutable our personalities our habits our identities are skill sets habits that we've.

Acquired and one of the nice things about identity by. Design is it allows you to customize those identities it allows you to customize those personalities because it steps you through the building blocks that made it in the. First place and as you and it's an iterative process. So each time you go through that identity by defi.

Silo you're going to come out even more different and you're going to see the world even more differently than the. Last time you did it and that's how it's supposed to be and again again and. Then depending on what direction you want your life to go um you can use those same skill sets those same tools and techniques and the principles that they tap into for. Higher and.

Higher and. Higher metaphysical spiritual applic transpersonal applications is probably the best way to say it uh some of the people here on the call on the on the on the chat tonight. Heather for one um. Amelia's been around a little bit uh.

Jax has been around for a while. Cynthia um uh. Laura's been around. But some of these guys some of these folks will tell you that the things they learned in identity by.

Design when they. First came in and they were learning it as hypnosis they. Now using these same techniques on an energetic and spiritual plane and generating tremendous. Transformations and they some of the people here walked into some of the.

Master. Level energy trainings that. I attend and because of their work in vibrational influence and vibrational healing and identity by. Design they can walk in at a at a.

Master. Level and they could keep up with the rest of the class in some cases they actually did these things better right. And it's not because what we did was better. But because the principles the the the building blocks of the universe that make us all up are the same things that we're dealing with we're just using slightly different variations of tool to get there right.

But everything that we do if you've been around for any length of time you've heard me say that planet. David is very much a warrior based mystery school right. We're demon. Slayers we're going to go around slaying dragons and killing demons and we're going to start with the little ones.

First and. Then we're going to work up to the big ones and the demons that we fight just get bigger and bigger and bigger sometimes literal right. Um. So it starts with you.

But everything starts with you it starts about making yourself as powerful and as happy and as fulfilled as humanly possible and. Then taking that light that you've accumulated and showing other people how to light their own lights right. And this is what it's about you're no. Good to the world broke you're no.

Good to the world starve you're not good to the world weak or or or hurt right. You your ability to share and uplift people is based on how uplifted and sharing shareable shareable you are and. So that's what it starts with you know um. I take the old.

Buddhist proverb live half for others and half for yourself and. I flip it. I say live half for yourself and half for others right. If you're on an airplane and the plane's going down are they giving you the instructions about the air mask do they tell you to put the mask on the child.

First or do they put on you. First right. It's the same idea. Make.

Yourself. Strong and. Then go out and be a light to the world and that's what the healing intensive for me um is is is about it's about helping you get stronger right. But nothing's free nothing's free what are you willing to give up for the easy part is the act is the uh is the tuition which.

I think right. Now is like 1497 for the three days which. I. T.

I get 3,00. I get $3,000 an hour for session work. So think about it you get get three whole days with me um. But that's only the.

First investment the. Second investment is going to be what are you want to give up are you willing to give up the hanger are you willing to give up the hate are you giving are you g are you willing to give up the. I have rights. I was wronged just give it up.

Let it. Go and reclaim that energy and use it for something better because for every every hate every anger every rage every memory that you hold on to that's a piece of your aggregate energy that can't be used for something else and. So a lot of this is about reclaiming that energy and using it to transform yourself and. Then.

Empower other people okay. Uh. I'm gonna get off my pedestal for a moment um let's see here he says. I'm excited for the healing intense.

I'm gonna put your ass to work. Heather just. So you know um. Little.

White. Dove says switching patterns. I don't know if that's a uh a question or just an observation dot says that sounds. So beautiful vus say wow how much um yeah.

So the the healing intensive and it's a virtual healing intensive. So you don't have to come to s. San. Diego for this you can be anywhere in the world as long you can be in.

Australia you can be in. Malaysia. I don't care as long as you're willing to get up it's the virtual healing intensive and it's 1497 right. Now is our bird there is no.

Link for this this program at the time and one and there's a reason for that is links make things easy and. I don't want this to be easy right. I want you to want it. So what you got to do is you got to email.

Moss. NLP power.com or email. Mia nlpp power.com um you could try calling the office at 858 282 4663 and leave a message and um the. First the moment we hit the 21 people we're done all right.

Because. I want to make sure that that the 21 people that uh. I work with. First of all there's going to be some some pre uh pre-event homework.

I'm going to ask you to do uh just. So we we don't have to spend an ordinate amount of time going over things that um we could have done ahead of time right. Um. So the.

First 21 people to to reach out to. Moss through the phone or through email and get on the books they're going to get in and. Then the rest of you um hopefully maybe will do it again. I don't know this is a test for me to see how viable the program is um if it's successful and.

I. I like the results. Then we may look. To do this three four times a year right.

Um and. Then we'll see where that goes right. Um. But like.

I said uh. I don't know that. I'll ever do this again. So if you if this is something that you think you would want to spend some time with me on.

I invite you to please um. You probably most probably won't pick up the phone right. Now if you call. But he has the phone.

So uh it's 858 282 4662 or you can email uh. Moss or. Mia nlpp power.com leave your name contact information that you're interested in the healing intensive and. Then they'll reach out to you individually um and once we hit those 21 people um that's it okay.

Uh let me go back to questions want to get off the healing subjects for a while. Andrew says. I have two quick questions. David one remote influence best ways to practice defense okay.

So practice safely solo okay. So if you're going to practice remote influence again remote influence and and and psychic self-defense specifically comes down to two basic things how clean is your field uh and how in. Report with your your spirit and your soul are you and how deep is your connection to the. Divine if you're in if you're in harmony with yourself and you can access your soul star and your.

P star and your three bodies and you can you can. Shine the the soul energy out. Then you can blow a lot of things out of your system that's like think of it like iron you know how. Iron.

Man has that little beam in his chest and every now. Then he just hits the mega switch and and everything in the way is just decimated your soul has your soul light has the ability to do that. But entities and remote influencers can find their way into your system through an a almost infinite number of ways. But the way they come in largely is through areas that you've forgotten about areas that you haven't cleaned up areas you haven't trained like for example um one of the easiest ways to to penetrate somebody's field and overshadow them is from the back because you're always looking forward.

So everything you do is in the forward hemisphere of your body you forget you have a back and that area is the weak is people's energetic. Fields that's usually their weakest part and. So it's very easy for someone who understands energetic influence and who understands. Spirit travel and and and what they call uh not just overshadowing.

But um blending in emerging to to to access the system through those weakened areas of your shell right. But any any trauma that you have any uh addictions that you have any unresolved emotional issues that you have are. Pathways into that system they're chinks in your armor and they're all leverageable you know if you're doing true military remote influence. Then the dream state is one of your most vulnerable.

States because if somebody understands remote influence the way that. Buchanan was talking about it in his trainings is they can it's almost like they can log you into a massive online multi-roll player game suck you into a dream world and have you acting things out that you will actually take with you into waking world and actually do them or give information that you wouldn't normally give. So there's there's. So many there's.

So many different ways uh to influence people there really really is and and. So when you ask. Andre and. I'm not trying to make light of your question not trying to make you feel stupid or anything.

But there's. So when you ask the question. Ro best ways to practice self-defense comes down to the same two answers every time the best two a clean up your and two connect to the. Divine.

Right. These are the the the the two most useful things now once you've established that right. Once you've gotten that you know a lock on on that and you're you're you're you're progressing now you can start to practice other forms of meditation techniques other light based techniques clearing techniques all these other things are going to build your. Armory or.

Your. Arsenal. So to speak of counter offensive or uh defensive practices right. Um.

So the best way to practice solo is to start with the uh one through 10 pulling down the heavens and the three. Divine invocations probably the best generic overall way to just build a very strong light based radiant. Foundation that makes. Mak it harder and harder to influence you.

But remember the process of becoming more bulletproof energetically and spiritually speaking is the process of giving up your it's the process of pulling out the pain extracting the lessons letting everything else go purifying that energy bringing it back into your system and restoring it to the reservoir that is you soorry. I think. I what did. I do here oh show chat somehow or another my uh my chat got closed okay.

Let me see here. I keep breaking up. I hope not can you have a payment plan for this um reach out to. Moss and see what can be worked out.

Alex. M1 123 says demon slayers booah uh. I've seen some gnarly in my life. But there are certain things.

I just don't want to see. But. I have a feeling it's coming. So.

I'm getting ready. Weis coaching question hindsight in hindsight life has always given me exactly what. I needed. I want to trust in that going forward.

But not fully there yet how can. I let go and just trust it's really simple let go and just trust right. It's here's how. I do it.

I look. At the situation. I do everything. I can and when.

I reach the point of diminishing returns. I give the rest to. God. So.

I've done everything. I know how to do that's practical for me to do. I'm giving it to you right. Because.

I think it's not about. God doing it all and. I don't think it's about us doing it all. I think it's about us learning that we're not alone and that we're part of something greater than oursel and.

But each of those parts has to do its share a lot of times you're the hardest thing we can do is just move forward you know um because there's a part of us that always thinks we're not doing enough and a lot of the times we have a little pattern that says we're doing too much like life is too hard well no. Each of us has exactly what we need enough level of discomfort to get us to move in a certain direction and that's what it's about it's not about punishment it's about motivation right. What's going to motivate us to make the changes that we need to make right. You you can look.

At the world as one big prison where all we're here to do is be punished or you can think of it as one big school where different types of people need different types of motivation and the universe will happily provide whatever that motivation is to move us in the direction that the higher. Powers want us to move in. But it's our choice how much we want to fight with it how much we want to push back how much we want to blame right. But at the end of the day the hardest thing is sometimes to just let it go right.

But with letting go knowing that something is going to happen a lot of you have heard me you have you've heard my magic. Mantra right. Which is what something will happen and you've seen a lot of you who've been in in the live trainings around. Planet.

David have literally seen things happen out of nowhere right. After. I've said that that that for me is my trigger just give it to the universe okay. I've done what.

I'm supposed to do if it's meant to be it'll happen if there's some deeper reason why it's not happening the way. I need it to happen something will happen and that will become apparent to me right. It's not about the things that happen to you that determine the course of your life it's about how you think and process and relate to the things that happen to you that determine who you become along the way right. AA time says how to keep my state while interacting with people.

I find. I'm focusing too much on trying to keep the state that. I either mess up with the interaction or vice versa and lose the state okay. So the idea behind having a state is knowing what you want to achieve and who do you need to be to achieve it right.

One of the things that's going to happen to you especially especially when you start embarking on. State control training especially the way we do it in. Planet. David is that the universe is going to give you opportunities to test just just how good you think you are right.

And what's going to happen is you're going to be in a certain. State and you're going to meet somebody who for whatever reason is just like running into a brick wall right. And that's an opportunity for you to find out just how well you can do what you think you can do because there's very few people in the world who would argue that. I'm.

I should be one of the world's best at. State control and yet. I have children right. And you find out really really quick how much work you need to do especially when you're highly invested in that other person or something that you need that other person to do the secret to stay control is not being as attached to the things people say and do as you are right.

And and that's the big problem you may notice that when people start to uh really hone in on something they want some they they tend to close the proximate distance they tend to hunch they tend to really come in just like when you're watching your favorite movie you don't watch a movie like this you watch a movie like this right. You'll you you'll find that people the more invested in it interaction if it come those be those behaviors come out too. So the idea is physically change your state physically change the proximity physically change your posture and your breathing and you'll find very very quickly that the importance and the attachment to that interaction will change too. So on a pragmatic level the secret is simply to create more distance become less attached and can do that from the physical level by simply changing the space between you and this other person changing the posture you're holding and changing the breathing pattern and it'll cause a domino.

Effect in your system that will allow you to function and have a greater uh range of of ability over your. States lonus is asking uh any place we avoid as a blind spot uh lionist. I'm not sure are you asking about accessing points to a person or. I'm not sure sure what you're asking there sweetie um.

Andrew this what. I've been watching and training. I thought. I said there was no.

Difference. So. I had that okay. Um.

So the chosen one is asking from. The. Experience on reframing people is there the same set of patterns you always use that have the most success in removing limiting beliefs for other people and yourself. I tend to start with um when.

I there's there's like 14 that. I teach classic hypnotic. NLP based patterns for reframing beliefs there's 14 that. I teach uh my.

First one is always uh what we call a redefine it's not it's not that it's. X it's that it's y the other one that. I find tends to be really liberating is what we call the hierarchy of criteria pattern and when you do the hierarchy of criteria pattern. You're simply asking a question which is more important believing this with this outcome and getting this out out come or getting or believing this and having this outcome instead and where where one of them is the the current limiting belief and the the reifications of that or what you'd like to believe that empowers you.

So if someone says um. I just can't control my eating if. I were to redefine that. I might say well maybe it's not that you can't control your eating it's maybe the fact that you're in an environment where people are encouraging you to eat foods that you normally wouldn't pay attention to to if you are around other people.

So it's not really that you can't control your eating it's that you're in an environment that's overwhelming you and taking that control away from you right. Or it could be you could also say well maybe it's not that you can't control your eating it's that the foods that you're eating are overriding your body's natural ability to control itself and if you just change what foods you're eating you would gain that control back because now you'd actually have access to that mechanism instead of it being overridden is it is that possible right. Just the act of asking those questions causes your your your your world view to change and open up and it it it frees your mind to entertain other possibilities that before were locked into one narrow way of thinking now if. I were going to use a hierarchy of criteria problem again with the overweighting overeating well which is more important to you believing that you have absolutely no.

Control over um how much you eat and what you eat and staying stuck and gaining weight and feeling and hating or experimenting with new and and innovative ways to have fun with dieting or fun with uh you know changing how you eat and who you eat with. So that you can enjoy more power and choice in your world which is going to give you a better outcome right. It's a simple process. But just the act of making that statement say well yeah.

I never thought about it like that and all of a sudden what was once a very narrow small way of thinking about how the world is or what's possible for you expand and that's what true reframings of beliefs and the the. Renegade reframing. Protocols are designed to do in. NLP we don't our job is not to live to take away people's choices our job is to give them a wider more.

Bountiful abundant map of the world that is filled with lots of choices that lead to better outcomes. But we create in our own mind a map of how the world is what's possible for us and what isn't and there largely are arbitrary we don't realize how arbitrary they truly are. But they're basically just decisions about the way the world is or should be based on the experiences we've had and what the information that we had at the time. But just asking those questions and using those patterns opens up that me that mental map of how the world could be or should be or or is supposed to be and allows you to take different perspectives on things and that many times makes all the difference in the world let's see here.

Christian. Deon says hey. I was just wondering if you were religious like you are a. Christian sorry if that's.

I am uh. I am a student of mystical. Traditions. So.

I am a. Christian. Mystic. I am a.

Buddhist. Mystic. I am a. DST.

Mystic. I'm a coule. I'm a. Jewish.

Mystic um and one of the things that you'll you'll discover is that uh when you get behind closed doors and you are initiated into the. Mysteries is that everybody's talking about the same thing and in many cases they're using the same techniques to get there they're just using different names for different aspects of the. Divine. So.

I'm not religious. But. I am highly spiritual and mystical. So.

I'm more of a wizard than. I am a saint. So. I'll let you go there.

I'll let you figure that out um wholeness and balanced vibrations to you and the family thank you. Corey appreciate that same to you and yours. Andrew says. Merry.

Christmas bless you and yours. David thanks for taking the time on my question it's my pleasure. Alex is saying not to make this complicated do we make it harder than it is yes. More often than not uh you mentioned connect to.

God get rid of our crap in your experience can a lot of people do that when someone tells them that there are. So many techniques to get there and the technique you use depends largely on where you're at in terms of your understanding of yourself and the universe and the cosmology that you embrace um and what resonates with you most specifically on an individual basis. So for example um. I have a series of techniques called the transformational.

Triad color breathing. Magic. Frame energy spinning these things will clean like a white tornado if. I go to some of my my.

Dallas. Traditions you'll have something called the um uh old man in the tide pool exercise which is about clearing out grief and uh anger in the lungs and things of that nature it's it's a longer energetic exercise um in the. Buddhist. Traditions you'll have things like pulling out the pain meditation which is literally almost like our.

Magic. Frame where you open a vortex in a place in your body where all your crap is and like a vacuum pulling all that stuff out and as it pulls itself out it separates into pure energy and. Then darker energy with lessons attached to them and. Then the.

Pure. Energy gets recycled and comes back into your body the impure energy with the lessons attached gets sent up to the. Divine and as it floats up into the. Divine the.

Divine energy begins to to emanate and radiate that energy breaking it up dissolving it rep purifying it and. Then that energy and the lessons that are are connected to it is recycled back into your. Reservoir and you'll find your trauma starting to release um another one that that um in the more advanced. Buddhist uh system is where you can um um this one's really violent it's where you take all of your old versions of yourself all of your old memories and you chop their heads off it's it's a very aggressive uh symbolic way of killing those younger aspects of yourself that have been keeping you in suffering right.

And when you when you kill those memories. Then that those energy packets are released the pure energy comes back to you the memories are let go um in uh in the. Christian mystical. Traditions you'll have what we call the.

Forgiveness prayer you'll you'll also do a version of pulling out the pain the rings of light meditation uh past present future meditation um there's there there a lot of them are very very similar mechanical processes and some people um have tremendous tremendous success with pulling out the pain some people have tremendous success with the old man in the tide pool or dry crying or what's the other one. I'm thinking about beating the bag right. Which are also analogous to some of the the trainings that we do in like. Advanced regression and things like that right.

Uh there will be practices in in in regression technique for example you have what we called chair therapy where you you bring somebody who's hurt you and you put them in a chair and you have this conversation with them deathbed therapy same way and regression. But you know what. Christian systems have that too where you imagine the spirit of the person that wronged you sitting in a chair and you talk to their higher self or their spirit and you get that same kind of resolution right. So there's many many different ways to go about these cleansing and purging and purifying processes the idea is have somebody who can teach them to you uh do the exercises and figure out of the the pallet of exercises that you have access to which one on really resonate with you which ones really give you this sense of transformation and purification right.

Until you get a choice you work with what you have. But if you if you stay on the path um more things will come your way insights and nuances and quickenings will come your way and you'll you'll be able to make that change faster. But you have to stay on the path right. Um.

So again. Planet. David is a great place to start um there are other. Lots there are also lots of other good people out there who have things at work like a lot of people love.

EFT. I'm not a big fan never have been done it many times never seen an. EFT session perform better than a spinning or a transformational. Triad session uh.

But there are people out there who can have changed their life from tapping right. TFT same thing um reconnection is another one um some people have transformed from raiki right. Some people chronic healing right. When you're on the path you're you're you're not married to one particular way necessarily you're when you're a.

Mystic you're a pragmatist you're looking for something that works think of like spiritual. Juno. Right. And that's really what it's about.

H says. I love you. So much. I love you back a says you have changed my life.

I swear. I love you and. I love watching your videos thank you. So much for that.

I appreciate you. Cyrus. Merry. Christmas.

Dr. David how would you frame answering a question of financial losses asked by your lawyer in building up your case over initially going for one career path and ending up in another how would. I frame it well the. First thing.

I'd have to know is what's the context what what what are you trying to what's your outcome and what's your context right. Okay. Liam says. Brain.

Blast after. Brain. Blast tonight or rather thank you for the downloads tonight. I needed to be here for the.

Next level here. I come all right. Jesus cetta. Merry.

Christmas. David m123 love that wizard. EB toone says. I am.

I. AMJ okay. And raw techniques are fine. However.

I don't rely on them every moment is a new and is new and. So is my. Approach other people seem to get on without technique. I don't lose sight of that either again everybody's different and that's that's one of the big things that that we have to understand is that we're all different.

But not that much. But the differences can be important right. I'm the way. I go through the world is that.

I. I look. At the. I look.

At things and. I look. At what's the same and. Then.

I. Then. I really examine what's different and. Then.

I ask why is what they're doing differently what makes them. So good at achieving the specific result that they specialize in right. Because. I have to make sure that.

I'm seeing the same thing. So. I examine what's the same. But if it's the mechanically it's the same or there you know sometimes you add extra steps they don't need.

But you know is it 80% the same it's good enough right. As. I like to say good enough. Perfection is never good enough or perfectionism is never good enough.

But good enough is always good enough that's kind of where. I go um. Leonard. Merz how to stop worrying about what other people think of you learn to love yourself more and this has been a hard one for me and.

I think it's probably going to be a hard one for anyone who regularly sits in front of a video camera and talks to a lot of people telling people what they think and hoping that they're going to like it. But the the biggest thing. I find is that we turn to the approval of others to fill the hole inside of ourselves and the more we go about filling that hole from within the easier it is to stop worrying. So much about what other people think now.

I don't think it's and again. I'm not a saint yet. I'm not a. I'm not a.

Buddha yet. I'm not a bodh. Safa yet um do. I ever think it's completely to the other degree where you don't care ever what other people think.

I don't think that's a practical way to live in the world. But. I think also that when you when you reach a certain level of of how you see the world and how you perceive what we think of as reality you start to see inside of where people are coming from when they say the things they say and when you perceive people from that place what they say has less and less and less power to negatively affect you. I think you still care what other people think.

But. I think it starts to become more of. I care about how this person thinks because. I need to know how to help them how can.

I reach them more. So than making it about you and. I think that's a process. I don't think.

I mean it's a destination of course it's we. But. I think it's something that comes about through doing the work um certainly. I didn't have that perspective 20 years ago something.

I evolved to because. I worked on me and sometimes. I worked on me very very um reluctantly right. But.

I find as. I start to understand myself better and better and better and. I look. At the places inside of myself that.

I have never wanted to look. At that because. I was terrified at what. I would find or what.

I would feel and. I start to resolve those things in myself and. I truly begin to appreciate the soul that. I am and.

I clear my. I start to perceive other people's differently. I start to perceive when they speak. I see the hurt that's that speak that they're speaking from and because.

I perceive that the way. I would normally respond to someone who's being aggressive or belligerent or um slanderous or or whatever or trollish right. I don't take the same. I don't take the same perspective it doesn't affect me the same and.

So. I think once again it's it's not that we you know completely disregard people. But. I think as we clear up the inside of ourselves the chinks in our armor we can now perceive the world around us and the people around us and the and the souls around us much more clearly and we can respond from that clearer perception which.

I think makes all the difference. Jesus is asking hold on a. Second okay. Um.

D is asking what is love oh. I wish. I knew. But you know even.

I think if. I remember correctly the. Greeks had like five or six different words for love. So.

I think there's different kinds of love. So when you ask. I mean in what context right. But love is something we do it's an action that we take or a process that we engage in could it be a vibrational frequency that we tap into that has certain attributes connected to it for sure.

I think that's definitely something connected to that principle of love as opposed to the the act of. Love or the process of love um. I think love means different things to different people. But at the end of the day.

I think it's really about acceptance and caring and doing the and and you know doing the right. Thing based on the situation right. What what is the benefit for both. PE you know whatever.

But again are you talking about agape love which is like this all-encompassing you know. Universal love is it romantic love. Aeros you know you know it it gets again when we look. At one of these words we have to really say okay.

Well what's the context what's the situation what is love. I don't know right. Honestly uh new being says questions do we kill memories automatically as a coping mechanism do these memories get stored in our bodies if. So is it important to bring up the emotions of the memories to get rid of okay.

So here's here's after analyzing a lot a lot a lot of the mystical uh practices in. Daoism. Buddhism uh. Christian mysticism medical.

Chong there's a meta process that they're all using and. So the. First thing they're going to do is they're going to provoke the tissues what does that mean it means that they're going to give you a breathing and movement pra a breathing movement and imaginative practice that is designed to compress and expand a particular region of the body because you're working the mind you're working the breath and the physical body you're stimulating the the the mental the spirit body the energy body and the physical body the particular exercises that you're doing are going to push energy in and through areas that have an accumulation of static stagnant energy which is basically memories that are locked in place it's going to provoke those tissues and as those tissues get provoked they're going to emotions and feelings and memories are going to start to. Bubble.

Up okay. Embedded within each of those memories is an emotional charge right. Sadness anger grief rage despair hopelessness jealousy. Envy whatever.

But as the memory comes up there's going to be a body feeling there's going to be an emotional feeling connected to that we want to vent that we want to get that out of the body. Then what we need to do. So we've going to provoke the tissues we're going to release the emotional charge now now what we need to do is we need to revisit the story embedded in those memories and we need to change it we need to either kill it completely or add resources to the story that changes the story. So now it's something that we can process it's no.

Longer generating the emotions. Then what we need to do is we need to reframe the experience and what does that mean well if. I've done my work pro. I've provoked the tissue the memory comes up.

I go into the memory. I change the content the structure or the vibrational frequency that's holding that memory together and. I've dissipated the emotional charge now when. I re when.

I replay that memory do. I think about it the same way. I did before that or has it changed in other words has my perspective on it changed and is the emotional charge still there if the answer is. I can't think about it the same way.

I used to the emotion is gone. I've. I've now transformed that experience. So the the the basic process is to provoke the tissue vent the emotional charge reprocess the memory reframe it and transform the experience okay.

And that's how you do it and one of the ways that you know that you've you've effectively uh changed that process is if you when you revisit the memory hey can you even remember it at all a lot of times when people do some of these practices they can't even remember the face of they knew they were married once. But they can't remember the face of their ex-wife why because it's not they they let they've released it all it's no. Longer scarring them mentally physically or emotionally if they go back can they recall specific memories of course if they try they can. But that charge isn't there anymore.

So provoke the tissue vent the energy reframe or sorry um reprocess. The. Experience reframe the event transform the energy right. And that's and.

So if you look. At everything that's being done in all of these traditional classical thousands of year old practices that's the meta process or meta procedure of what's going on the best part is we through hypnosis we can do this really fast much faster in many cases um than some of the classical tradition ways of approaching it because they're starting with the body up or they're they're they're they're they're doing a general negativity clearing um which interestingly starts with a body feeling right. But a lot of times a lot of these generic practices that they're given there's nothing specific that they're targeting. So hypnosis gives an.

NLP and homographic memory resolution gives us a very specific more targeted way of finding the issues we need to clear and removing them very very quickly. So um. So when we say do we kill memories some cases we do right. Some of the more aggressive.

Buddhist mystical practices was this idea that if you have a memory of being wronged by somebody and you go back and you revisit that memory the. First person in that memory you need to kill is you because you're the one that's that that's creating all the suffering you're the one that's holding on to those feelings of being hurt of being of the. Injustice of the persecution yes. Yes.

There's there's there's a there's avatars of other people in that memory. But you're the one generating those feelings. But you're projecting that it's their fault. But that's a memory it's not the event because that's gone.

So the person hurting you the most is you because you're holding on to the righteous indignation the persecution the. Betrayal whatever it is and. So the biggest offender in that context is you and that's who gets to die. First right.

So when you see pictures of in the viic systems or the. Buddhist or. Tibetan iconography and you see all these deities and they have these necklace of skulls and they're they're standing on a pile of skulls you need to understand what that means each of those skulls represents a memory or an identity that they killed of themselves to become a more enlightened being that's the symbolism right. Now again a lot of us aren't ready for that big picture leap.

But giving up all of our memories and giving up all of the the trials and the tribulations and the persecutions and the injustices right. But that's where a lot of this takes you and as you give those things up grudgingly or not you the way you experience your world changes right. So the answers to these questions is did the memories get stored in your bodies 100% is it important to bring the memories up 100%. And do we kill memories yes.

But do we always need to commems no. Sometimes we can just change the story and the energy will process out on a in a healthy way and it's gone there's different levels of intervention based on where you're at. So zad. Idris $2 thank you.

I love you please do more lives like this. I will do as much as. I can. Heather.

Ender says uh much less painfully too. I think she's talking about our approaches to getting done uh because she's been around. Planet. David for a while fact.

Heather um knows firsthand what it's like to be trained by me uh because. I her her her day five of her training she had to do a real session on a real human being who just happened to wander into the into the classroom and she did it very very successfully and we've been testing her ever since m123 says do do we take all of our memories with us on the other side yes. And let me explain that your spirit body your soul star takes with it and and your. Earth star take with it the recording of your life and.

So when you sit based on what on my what my teachers told me uh when you when you're in front of this. Divine counselor whatever it is in the blink of an eye they review your entire life as if they' lived it and they understand it better than you do many times right. Um. So the recording of that um is unclear to me um whether the the trauma the body feeling ings of that go with you or not.

But the story of your life how you lived it that goes that's part of your spirit body. So that goes with you when you drop the physical form um. I was told and again this is what we call an untested truth or unchallenged truth. I was taught by my teacher that the book.

Journey um journey of. Souls best um expresses what it what the mystics have been teaching about how things happen uh in the spirit world after you drop the body they according to my teachers that research by that person uh. Michael. Newton.

I think it was he got it the closest of what the mystics are actually teaching about the way things happen when we drop the body. So. I think that's probably worth that's probably worth a good look. At right.

Um let's see new being says thank you for very much for your reply and explanation happy. Jesse. Mission hello. Dr.

David happy holidays to you and your family happy holidays to you too uh can back pain be from psychic attacks live like anesys yes. Um. Jesse says through. DNA of course absolutely many different ways that these things can get pass down to us and none of it's none of it's random in my opinion.

Alex. Mueller says. I actually feel better listening tonight you are a good match. I tried.

Gary null in. New. York. City involved in.

Buddhist philosophy and health and nutrition excellent. Seth that's okay. That's a different conversation. I got a question any new image cycling stories um was one.

I can't remember it now. I actually the past past couple weeks. I've had some some interesting things happen that are are. Law of.

Attraction based. But they're they're slipping my mind remind me if um post that question in the comment section uh and if. I remember the stories. I'll.

I'll type them in the. I'll type them in the chat. I know there's been a couple. But.

I can't remember them off the top of my head right. Now um okay. Well. I hope.

I sincerely hope you guys are having a great. Christmas it's been a wonderful hours how long have. I been on give or take um. I don't even know.

But uh. I hope you all had a great. Christmas or a happy. Hanukkah.

I think my girls were saying. K. Quanza begins tomorrow. I have no.

Idea about any of that stuff oh wait special anemy says hey. David. I'm curious about your thoughts on the. Mind.

Body. Connection and especially a tight jaw and hips also is there any way to address or integrate anxious stomach feelings and nausea start with the transformational. Triad energy healing color breathing. Magic.

Frame um and. Then after that we can talk about other things um. I think you'll find that um if you have any access to our teachings on the six dynamics of an unconscious response and uh psychoenergetic uh or. B body centered energy.

Psychotherapy like the sematic search engine. Concepts uh sematic address those kinds of things those things. I think will help you to unpack what's going on in your jaw in your stomach things of that nature there's a lot of different approaches that we could take on that and. So.

I'm not trying to dodge your question it's just that the answers for it are. So broad uh. So we have to start summer. So we we start with what we know works.

So d z adris says um do why don't. I feel the same excitement and motivation. I did as a kid is it a limiting belief is limiting is limiting belief or fear what courses do you recommend for me okay. So.

First and foremost um when we feel things as a child we are feeling things in a very raw unfiltered. Associated way as we go through life experiences we start to layer things on top right. We become progressively more insulated or dissociated if we were to regress you to if we were to do a full regression on you and regress you to those moments as a child much of those feelings would come back pretty much at the same level because we're moving the the filters out of the way as we go through different types of traumas and boundary violations and things like that our body starts to build filters between true deep level intense feelings and everything else and it's effort to protect us from the bad feelings it alter it also tends to buffer the good feelings as well this is why many people who've gone through a lot of trauma or a lot of disappointment and and hurt in their lives they lose their ability to to feel. Joy even in a good situation not because they they they can't experience chice because they've built up.

So much armoring against feeling in general that even if they even if there's a roaring bonfire inside there's. So many layers of concrete between that boring bonfire and the outside that the outside of the room feels lukew and. So we have to start peeling back those layers because can trauma be uh one of the reasons that we can't experience that. Joy yes.

Could it be the culture that we grew up in telling us that it's not okay. To express certain feelings or have certain feelings a certain way absolutely could it be um that you're actually trying to experience something while at the same time on the outside of it trying to measure it which creates what we call smart person syndrome which is a lack of absorption in the state process or experience could it be one of these or all of these or a combination yes. Right. Everything starts with what is it you want or what's the problem that you're having what do you want instead where in your body do you feel it how do.

I unpack it and how do. I attack it how do. I go in find out where the problem is and start unpeeling those onion layers right. None of you are broken and.

I and. I want to emphasize this from the bottom of my heart to the depths of my soul none of you. I don't care what your life is like. I don't care what's happened to you in your life none of you are broken okay.

You are the way you are not because of the things that happened to you. But because of the way you're relating to the way you recorded the things that happened to you okay. You created it not the event that happened. But the way.

But the recording of the event because you created it you have the ability to change it and you have permission to do that right. And we're all at different layers of this self. Reclamation process. But a lot of times what happens is because of the systems the universe put in place to help us survive those moments to survive those situations that owed those recordings to be created in the.

First place it's kind of like how many of you guys by show of hands in the chat ever ever saw the original. Ghostbusters movie you guys remember that if you have type it type it in the chat okay. You guys remember um after they put the the ghost in the. Trap when the.

Trap was closed and the ghost was in it the little light went on right. Well. I want you to think about that little light blinking every time you go through an experience and you survive it little trap is created it grabs the memory the ghost of those memories the ghost of that experience sort of thing and that's actually a pretty good way to think of it the event that you're dealing with or the the problem that you're dealing with isn't the event it's the ghost of the event and it's a little trap and it's locked somewhere in the big trap that is your body and every now and. Then you're you're moving through the world and you see something or you hear something or you you find yourself in an environment that is in some way similar to.

The. Ghost of that event you're carrying around inside of you and the light flashes and that light flash is the equivalent of a body fing kind of like the check engine light on your dashboard now if you're driving down the road and your check engine light goes on aside from the initial heart attack oh something's wrong with my car you don't go rushing off to the dealership or the garage to get the light fixed right. Why because it's not the light that's the problem the light is a signal the light is a sign that there's something else in the vehicle that needs looking after that needs attending to and. So as we're moving through the world and we're having these experiences and we're having these flashbacks and these these moments of emotion or these uh moments of not being able to feel an emotion they're like the little check engine light on your dashb.

But it doesn't mean you're broken it's an indicator that the systems that the. Universe put in place to help you survive and and move through experiences that would have overwhelmed you did their job now you just need to go get the oil changed or the software updated or the delete delete the old files right. That's all it means. But if you don't understand that that that that's part of being a part of.

The. Human. Experience. Then you start having all these manifestations of symptoms and thoughts and feelings and ideas you oh there's something wrong with me no.

In most cases not. So much what makes it wrong is the story that you attach to the feelings it's the narrative that you assigned to the experiences which you created in the. First place right. And think about it what's what's a more empowering way to think that these feelings.

I'm having are signs that there's something in my body that my body's ready to get rid of and. I just need to go find the the the mechanic that can do that or something's wrong with me and my life is going to be and. I'm going to be this way forever right. It's a choice right.

I think it was. Tony. Robbins might have been one of. Tony.

Robins mentors who said whether you believe you can or you believe you can't you're right. I don't know how much. I don't know how much. I actually believe that.

But. I do know this is is that the story that you attach to anything can. Empower you or disempower you it can make your give you more access to resources or take them away. But after sitting in a room with people for 15 16 20 years looking into their hearts and hearing every form of nastiness that can can happen to a human.

I can tell you this people are not the way they are because of the things that happened to them they are not the way they are because of the things they're expressing they're the way they are because of the way they recorded the things that happened to them and the way that they have been relating to those recordings now what does that mean well are they expressing what they're feeling or are they denying it are they repressing what their feelings or are they talking about it are they ex um are they fighting with their feelings fighting with those memories are they accepting what happened and letting it process out or are they stuffing it down and trying to distract themselves from it those are all ways of relating to the memories if you want to heal you got to give it up and that's a journey not a destination. But none of you are broken right. There's nothing wrong with you you may be doing some up. But that's not you that's just something you're doing and you can always change what you're doing okay.

Let's see here oh my. God is. So welcome. Zed.

Idris as a new. Gold. Member let's see here and interpretation filters okay. That makes sense.

Dr. David very insightful thank you. Jesse uh. Cobra.

Viper set they know themselves. I can advertise them for further report that's a great visualization the. Trap ghost of the event love it yep um lot any tips for communication over text had great success with echo three magic questions and real life conversations. But not.

So much with chats and emails it feels like an interview you're probably not softening enough and you're not getting them to tell you enough stories. So. So think about when you're doing three magic questions to a soften more and. Then have them tell you a story look.

At the words they use to tell their story find an experience in your life that is very similar to that they said and use their words to tell it and. Then ask other questions and. I think you'll find that um the conversations get a lot more. Interactive we have met the enemy and it is us okay.

So brick is asking what do. I know about fire worship and giving it a personality like deity worship okay. So we got to watch this this watch out we we talk about this word worship um when we look. At fire and the fire principle if we're doing.

Fire magic and deity magic it's not a question of worship in the sense of this it's more a veneration and a reverence and a contemplation and an absorption in the energy and the principle and the intelligence that governs it it's about building a rapport bridge made of love and adoration and respect and reverence. But it's not worship in the sense of this thing is all powerful and it's higher than. So we have to watch out when we start looking at words like worship right. Um.

I worship it was interesting in in all the in all the mystical. Traditions that. I'm i'. I've been lucky enough to practice and things like that the only place that people worship is in religion and that's where you come in and you do obedience to your your symbol of whatever deity and you you you try to.

Garner their their um their favor and that's a very religious practice right. But in the mystical. Traditions that that. I've been exposed that idea of worship they've never.

I've never once heard that term worship used it's always been about surrendering and uniting and joining and embody bodying and dissolving um becoming one with um. So. I. I will be very careful this is my.

NLP isness coming out. I'll be very careful with that how you what word you that that word worship okay. I would say and again this is purely. David talking uh that the word worship is more of one of again agulation adoration um praise which.

I think has its place. But. I think those come from the energy of gratitude and contemplation and understanding um as opposed to when. I think of people just praying at an altar right.

So again just that the nuances of. That. Word. Worship meta associations.

I have with it because in all the. Traditions. I practice the only time. I see anybody worshiping is at a regular.

Church synagogue or um you know. Temple service. But it's not it's they're not it's it's not the same it's it's not it's a very different it's a very different experience um can you release trauma by expressing emotions and not knowing what it's attracted to yes. All right.

Well uh. I've been on almost two hours now. So. I hope you guys have enjoyed um our little time together uh remember uh if you haven't already uh reached out to.

Moss or. Mia and you want to be part of the healing intensive on. January 12th 13th and 14th please reach out for those of you who have. VIP tickets and are are plan on attending uh killer influence please uh also reach out to.

Moss me and let them know that you're coming uh. I need to know how many people are coming. So. I can.

I have the room. I have the venue already rented. But. I need to know if.

I need a bigger room and the sooner. I let the the venue know that the better um. So let's see how to help someone emotionally by remote healing um and. I'm not what what's your background.

I don't know for sure um what techniques and tools you have at your disposal for that you can you do it yes. Uh. But depending on what your background is there there are techniques that may not be appropriate for you. L's asking um we can't know anothers like dreaming home okay.

Okay. All right. Well. Anyway thank you all and uh.

I hate leaving questions unanswered. But if. I don't if. I don't make it cut we'll be here all night.

Anyway good night if you like this video. If you enjoyed it please like and share please post it everywhere have an amazing happy holiday weekend and. I will see you guys um. Next for those of you who are paid members uh we have an.

AMA coming up towards the end of the month [Music] um. January 28th we'll be having our. Next webinar defense against the dark arts. So this will be about uh protecting yourself against the dark arts of persuasion and manipulation um see what else and of course the the healing intensity right.

All right. You guys have a great. Christmas we'll talk to you soon take care good bless.
