Title: sjk5t5krbBg.txt
Video Id: sjk5t5krbBg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjk5t5krbBg

Hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David checking in with you welcome to secrets of human influence for persuasion attraction connection and. Charisma.

I'll be your host for the. Next oh two to three hours sharing with you some of the most powerful user-friendly simple to to learn and use techniques for influencing anyone anytime anywhere for any reason now that's a big claim that's a big. I guess boast if you want to take it. But you don't got to believe me if you stick with me for the.

Next two and a half two hours to. Third to three hours depending on what you want. I'm going to teach you some of the most powerful ways to influence people to like you love you trust you feel attraction for you and that's just the beginning right. The pieces.

I'm going to share with you are experiential it's not enough for you to just sit there and take notes we're going to be putting you through exercises experiences we are a school of what we call embodiment training and what that means for you is very simple it doesn't these these techniques don't do you any good on a page on a piece of paper that you or you read the notes you've got to feel them to understand them. So uh before we get into the bulk of the training and. I want you to think of this as a personal free training for you yes. It's a webinar yes.

There's an offer connected to it. But this is your time to learn something that has truly changed my life the lives of thousands of other people all over the world they don't rely on any form of belief system except other than a willingness to be playful and use these techniques okay. So before uh before. I get into content let me just address a few things.

First of all thank you all for coming in and spending some time with me this class is your class my job is to give you as much information as humanly possible in the time that we have and point you in the direction of where to go to take it to the. Next level. So here's where. I'm going to start with promises if you stick with me for the course of this webinar.

I'm going to teach you in no. Uncertain terms the fastest simplest user-friendly way to control and direct your and other people's emotions control their thoughts direct their thoughts have people hanging on your every word have them feel such an intense connection to you that the idea the very idea of losing your validation of losing your approval is actually painful for them. I'm going to teach you how to turn on charisma anytime anywhere under any circumstances whether that's one-on-one um and if we have time. I'll show you a little bit of how that relates to groups.

I'm going to show you how to bypass conscious and unconscious resistance to the things you want and those are just the things. I'm going to start with if you really truly want to understand yourself and every human being you interact with this is going to be one of the most important classes you've ever attended and that's how. I want you to think about it this is your think of it like your fast. Start program into a whole system of human influence that has will serve you from therapy work and healing people to getting dates and and creating powerful relationships to recruiting clients or team members for your business for writing marketing copy for creating any set of kind of promotional material the simple fact is is that any place where language is involved.

I think about that for a moment any place that language is involved these techniques work and they work well and they work ethically let me repeat that they work ethically when you use these techniques in whatever context you're learning them for people will automatically feel like they've known you a lot longer than they have they will feel connected to you they will feel like you're an important person in their world they will tend to give your words more. Authority more trust and connection than anybody even people who've known them for 10 20 years right. I'm gonna put you through a series of exercises today for the simple. So that you can have the experience of these things now before we get into content.

I have some administrative things. I want to get out. So that you can get the most out of this webinar. First and foremost we do not teach regular 90 minute buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff webinars we don't do that there is an offer connected to tonight's program and we'll talk about that in phase two we call that net the.

Next taking it to the. Next level or for taking it further level in level one which is about it's going to run anywhere from 45 to 60 minutes. I am going to take you down the rabbit hole of human influence. I'm going to teach you in no.

Uncertain terms how people think what hot buttons they respond to and how you can ethically link those buttons to whatever you want them to do. So that they want to do the things you want them to do we're going to give you foundations now the things. I'm going to share with you you can find analogs and research that back them up in fields of social psychology. Neuroscience therapy hostage negotiation this is not this is stuff that a lot of different sources have validated independently of one another okay.

And you don't even need to believe it for it to be true now what. I'm going to do because um. I do have two different chats going. I just want to make sure that everybody can hear me.

So hold on a. Second while. I close a lot of. Superfluous windows.

I'm going to talk about how to get your questions answered um once. I figure out why my my chat window is not opening or maybe this oh it is opening okay. So. First and foremost before we go any further how many people is this your.

First time in. Planet. David go ahead and type your name where you're checking in from and. First time in the in the chats now those of you who are joining us on.

YouTube which is quite a few of you remember that there is a lag between when. I speak here through the. Zoom app and it shows up in your feed. But the chats are in real time.

So if you um if there's if you ask a question in the chat and. I either don't see it or there's a delay or you don't answer right. Away that could be one of the reasons and while we're on the topic of questions let's talk about the one thing that you all are going to have in common you're all going to have questions you're all going to have questions like what about this. David what about this or how can.

I do this or something like that that's fine there's three ways you can get your questions answered tonight a type it in the chat if it is relevant to the point we're at in the webinar. I will answer your question right. Then and there if. I don't see your question or.

I don't think it is relevant to uh to the point where in the webinar if it's going to take us down a rabbit hole that we don't have time for. Then. I. I may see your question.

But. I may choose not to acknowledge it or answer it just to keep us on track now that's the. First way to get your question answered for those of you who are brand new to. Planet.

David right. If. I don't answer your question keep asking it by a show of hands how many of you are veterans in. Planet.

David how many of you are. I've been around three four five six months a year 10 years or longer type that in the chat if you've been type your name how long you've been in. Planet. David and uh don't raise your hands guys type it in the chat because.

I'm not gonna. I don't have time to look. At the hands raised type it in the chat. So people can actually um see who's who's here okay.

Remember this is a class and while. I can't do breakouts like. I would normally do um. I want you guys to feel like you're part of something something special and you are you truly are um.

I'm your teacher for the. Next for. I'm your. Mentor for the.

Next three or four hours hopefully you're going to put your faith in me and do what. I'm going to ask you to do and your faith is going to be rewarded. So that being said um a lot. I see lots of questions popping up and.

I get that um it's better if you ask questions in the chat. So. I see them. But again if.

I don't see your question or it's not relevant to where we're at keep asking it veterans if you see their question and you have direct experience using one of our techniques or some of our theories or principles and have solved that problem in your life feel free to reach out and answer them the only thing that. I ask is that you make the answer brief. So that it doesn't take their attention away from the body of the content of the webinar right. I often see conversations flowing back and forth in the chats and the problem is if you're paying attention to everything that's going on in the chat you're not paying attention to the content.

I want you to get through and internalize okay. So we are very much a gnostic. School of human influence in other words it's not enough to learn it and hear me talk about it. I want you to experience it.

So. I'm going to guide you through experiences the. Third way you can get your question answered is very simple at the end of this webinar. Youtube is automatically going to create a copy of this and post it in the live content section of my.

YouTube channel if your question has not been answered to your satisfaction or you just want my input on something if you go to the comment section of the. YouTube channel after this webinar. I make it a point every day to go through my. YouTube channel comments five six seven times especially the week of a webinar and.

I will. I will personally answer every single question that you answer it'll either be yes. Do this go here. I don't know let me find out.

But. I promise you. I will answer your questions uh in the order that they're received okay. So again there's three ways to get your questions answered.

Next make sure you have something to write with and something to write on now let me clarify that when. I say write with and right. On. I don't mean to type with and to type on.

I want to pen or a pencil in your hand. I want a p uh some kind of notebook. But live below the pencil why because some of the drills. I'm going to guide you through today work better on any nervous system that can physically do the movements typing is adds an extra layer of um think of it like firewall or insulation between the impact it has on your neurology and physically making the movements of print on page.

So. I want you to get the most programming out of this training and the way you do that is to. Simply follow my instruction the. Last piece are two.

Last pieces before we get into content is going to be this a make sure you have lots of caffeinated substances and lots of substances that are high in either dopamine or oxytocin or both why because. I want you to be in as neuroplastic estate as humanly possible. I want you to be in a state where all the things that we're sharing with you all the things we're telling you go right. Into your neurology and become planted like seeds that are going to grow and the more neural plasticity we generate in your brain the more rapidly the experiences you're going to have are going to to take root and give you the ability to do these things out in the real world does that make sense if it makes sense type that makes sense in the chat okay.

My. Zoomers you guys are either super quiet. I think you're all you're all answering me in the chat for some reason. But that's okay.

All right. So. I see our our. YouTube contingent.

James has been around for nine years um uh. Brian. Sullivan's joining us from. Brisbane.

Tony. Margulies is with us seven years avant-garde five years wow um holy cow guys five six seven years that's amazing. Matthew. Boyd is coming with us from.

Vegas irreducible lots of people excellent. So the. Next thing if. Politically.

Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the. Next use the best use of your. Next three hours my intention is never to offend or insult anyone. But.

I do have a very provocative presentation. Style and if something. I said creates an emotional response in you. I want you to point to where you feel it write down where you feel it because that is something that you need to explore.

Later using the transformational. Triad or some of the other emotional clearing techniques that we teach on the channel does that make sense if that if that makes sense go ahead and type that makes sense in the chat okay. So everybody's with us okay. All right.

So that being said let's go ahead and jump into what. I love and recall the. Dr. David dog and pony show uh once again please remember that the things.

I'm going to share with you are not theoretical they are proven over and over again in many fields of. Engagement you don't need to believe them they are part of an overall system that we do teach we'll show you how to get access to that system. Later on in the webinar um. But if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the.

Realms of human influence and behavior we have time for this much. So my question for you is my commitment to you is. I'm going to take you as far as. I can down the the rabbit hole of human influence.

I'm going to empower you as much as humanly possible and. Then. I'm going to point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step just.

So. I have your your permission your understanding your your support is that fair if that's fair and it's okay. To do that go ahead and type that's fair it's okay. To do that in the chats okay.

Now the more you you interact the chat in. Zoom is disabled oh thank you for letting me know how do. I fix that um. Brandon or.

Stephanie can we re-enable chat. So people can actually talk to me okay. I will let my. Intrepid crew work on that those of you who are inadvertently silenced by our our uh.

Renegade uh chat function bear with us uh hopefully our people will get to that. ASAP all right. Let's get this started. I'm gonna go ahead and switch to my.

PowerPoint just for a moment um probably one of the most important things that that people want to know uh when we begin to explore this stuff is well who the hell is. David. Snyder and why should. I care.

First and foremost. I am one of the world's leading authorities on neuro-linguistic programming and conversational hypnosis my doctorate believe it or not is actually in. Oriental medicine acupuncture in. Chinese medicine.

I'm actually also working on a. Second doctorate right. Now on. Chinese medical.

Qigong therapy which is teaching me all the things. I originally went to. Acupuncture school to learn about which involves the mind the spirit the energy all the things that were left out when the. Communists took.

Over or or erased when the. Communists took. Over uh medical. Chinese medical professions.

Anyway. I won't get into that. But. I am an actual doctor of.

Chinese medicine. I've had a practice in. Solana. Beach for over 20 almost 20 years now where my specialty has been treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion.

So as a byproduct of my clinical practice in addition to everything else. I've got to witness firsthand exactly how the human mind and emotions work and how we manifest our own illnesses and diseases. Now. While most people who study.

NLP or hypnosis they get presented with things like weight loss or smoke cessation or every now and. Then a social phobia my specialty has been largely chronic illness chronic internal illness and. Trauma work and. So.

I've had the opportunity to really understand how people work from the inside out and how that relates to influencing them in the most powerful and ethical and honest way humanly possible and. So it's really influenced how. I teach people to become more effective in getting the things they want um is the chat working now it looks like something just came up uh for those of you who did not know in 2020. I was named the number one.

NLP trainer in the world by globalgurus.org uh and for the. Last seven years at least seven years that. I. I can count.

I have been in the top two. NLP trainers in the world as. Pro the voting why you in globalgurus.com .org. Okay.

So. I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from how to get a job how to heal people through conversation hypnosis how to win job interviews uh complete systems of. Storytelling and metaphor how to convert people into clients from the stage uh how to overcome and change beliefs in in just minutes and that's just to name a few one of my my most proud. Creations is uh what you're seeing here is in 2020 uh.

I was my program killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis was named the number one. NLP program in the world by globalgurus.org. I didn't even know. I was in the running for this.

I didn't even know this was a thing in 2022. My. Next. Level.

Training in the killer influence series was named also the. NLP the number one. NLP training program of 2022 and what you're seeing here is a letter from. Global gurus uh letting me know that we've won for like the.

Third year in a row um in terms of the program and the reason. I'm telling you this is a it. I have a proud papa moment. But also because many of the techniques that you're going to learn today are from that course and if you stay till the end.

I will show you how to not only get access to this course. I will tell. I will teach you how to get access to a program that is. So powerful and.

So pervasive that um you won't probably ever need anything else ever again now that's a big that's a big claim. But just bear with me and uh we'll see what's coming. Next now just. So you know and this again is a copy of our.

Global gurus page where you see no. NLP power and killer influences the number one and you can see here all the the courses that it beat out all right. I'm also a lifelong martial artist. I'm a grand master 10th degree black belt in rookie.

Kempo. Karate. I have a 4-3 black belt in. Shaolin kuntao.

Second degree black belt in kosho kemporu. First degree black belt in fan crew read. Jiu. Jitsu.

I'm a certified instructor in combat. Systema. Cinco mono. Escrima modern our nice basic level and.

I like to make a joke that. I have more energy healing credentials than. McDonald's sells hamburgers. I've been a.

Reiki master teacher since before. Reiki was cool. I've been studying. Kabbalah almost as long since before.

Madonna ever heard of. Kabbalah. So. I'm very much a prima donna.

I'm certified as an advanced product healer and chronic psychotherapist. Advanced. DNA. Theta healing and manifestation teacher.

I'm certified in the. Bankston energy healing system and as. I mentioned before. I'm working on my doctorate in.

Dallas energetic. Chinese medicine uh which is medical. Qigong okay. So when people look.

At this stuff now people ask me why why do. I even bring this up because. I have discovered that persuasion is kind of like a martial art and if you train it like you train your. Martial.

Arts you get really really good really really fast with no. BS you know in seconds this either works or it doesn't. But a lot of people when they see all these credentials and all of these trainings they always ask why do. I need to know this what do all these why is this important it's because of what they have in common what they have in common my friends is something called pattern recognition every single thing human beings do from the energy fields that make up their subtle bodies to the thought processes that they have to the belief systems that they hold to the words that come out of their mouth to the very movements they make with their body have a structure and a pattern that repeats and can be predicted and influenced and when you have the eyes.

To see and the ears to hear and the mind to understand this concept of pattern recognition the universe and every human being that you encounter will open up to you like a book. That you can just read and know exactly what to say how to say it and when to say it to get them to want to do the very things you want them to do completely ethically and honestly you will never ever have to lie cheat steal or misrepresent anything ever again to get what you want and to me that's the gold standard of human influence when you can do things that make people want to do the things you want to do you can literally write your ticket in this world. I see our chat functions on. So once again if you're brand new type in brand new where you're checking in from what do you want to take away from today's webinar if you're a veteran let people know how long you've been bebopping around.

Planet. David and be ready to answer questions as they come up. So when. I talk about pattern recognition what all these things have to do with human influence bottom line pretty much everything pretty much everything.

So is this class for you let me ask you a question. I'm about to go through my little laundry list to make sure that you are in the right. Place and that you actually have the right. Mindset uh hold on a.

Second. I just screwed up my. PowerPoint or did. I nope.

I skipped all the way to the end of my. PowerPoint. So now. I gotta scroll all the way back up because it won't let me scroll hold on a.

Second see. David actually is a live person he's not a it's not an auto webinar. So by a show of hands guys is this class for you if you can answer yes. To any three of the questions that.

I'm about to ask you you're in the right. Place and you really need to pay attention and follow the instructions. So how many of you buy a show of that's for me in the chat room would like to be more attractive to the opposite sex and make them find you charming fascinating and irresistible let me add a caveat or a an extension to that if you would like to be the most fascinating person in any room you're in at any moment type that's for me in the chat if you'd like to remove fear and insecurity from your life become more confident radiate confidence be more. Alpha more authoritative more certain in your life.

Neil camo says. David how could. I become more attractive than. I already am trust me there's always another level right.

Earl. Thompson says that's for me great if you'd like to learn how to protect yourself from the persuasion predators of the world one of the things. I always tell my students is that if you're not able ready and willing to control your state there are lots of. Highly funded well-resourced highly trained three-letter agencies out there they don't all just begin with.

CIA or. NSA someone begin with. ABC. CBS right.

Fox right. There are lots of highly trained well-funded agencies that are happy to control your state for you if you're tired of being played like a pawn like a chess piece in other people's persuasion game type that's for me in the chat we're going to teach you some really powerful if you'd like the master keys to making more money from your job booking more clients for your business getting the raise or promotion that you know you deserve type that's for me in the chat okay. If you'd like to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to and naturally follow your lead type that in the chat right. If you'd like to program yourself big one if you'd like to program yourself for massive.

Financial abundance with more than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some without necessarily having to work any harder just smarter type that in the chat right. If you'd like to be able to nail any job you get you you any job interview that you go for type that in the chat right. Not uncommon for a lot of people who use this technology to get hired for jobs they're not even qualified on paper for.

But the interviewer loves them. So much that they're willing to just wave all that or put them through school it's insane right. And again remember you don't have to lie cheat or steal you just gotta understand the person in front of you from their map of the world and match it it's really that that simple if you'd like to be a better leader if you like to give people a change people's mindsets including your own for the better if you'd like to be able to bring teams together in a way that they gel and communicate and work effectively the type that if you want to be able to do that type that in the chat if you'd like to do this with your spouse or your children type that in the chat too okay. Um if you've ever wondered if it's actually possible to have people just go into this deep level trance just by talking to them and put them in the state where they're most open and receptive to your influence even if you know nothing about hypnosis or.

NLP or any of that type that in the chat right. If you answered yes. To any of the three things that. I mentioned you're in the right.

Place okay. So the. First thing. I'm going to do is.

I'm going to teach you how to up your percentage with anything you do would that be helpful would you like me to teach you how to be better up to 30 percent better or more at everything if that's a yes. Type it in the chat okay. Here it is one of the things. I'm going to share with you in tonight's webinar is something known as the universal persuasion protocol now because it's a three hour webinar and that's easily a three-day class worth of training right.

There. I can't teach you every single. Nuance about it what. I am going to do is give you an overview of it very shortly.

But one of the. First things you're going to see there's two things. I want you to pay attention to the. First one is know your outcome in other words what do.

I want this is a big deal okay. What do. I want. I want you to keep what it is you want from tonight and from training with me at the top of your mind as you go through this and ask yourself how can.

I use this how can. I use this right. Because again. I'm here to show you the shortest path between.

Where. You. Are and where you want to get to if you follow my instructions and you do what. I say you'll get there in the shortest amount of time humanly possible.

But it has to start with knowing what you want right. So if you know what it is and you want to write it down on your little notepad because we're going to be doing some exercises. Later that involve this because one of the things you're going to learn how to do on this webinar is how to emotionally. Bond yourself to the emotional triggers that make people want to take an action we call it the if we're doing it together as a self-work drill it's called the emotional motivation checklist and that's what.

I'm going to do with you. Then what we're going to do is we're going to show you the persuasion ver the the external persuasion version of it which is called the emotional bonding checklist and this is a. A variation of the same process that when you use it effectively with anyone it will weld everything they want at a deep emotional values level to exactly what you're offering in a completely ethical way and they will in most cases literally ask you to buy it or ask to take the. Next step with you it eliminates 90 of all the resistance that you will face in just about any form of human interaction okay.

This this phenomenon is. So powerful that a person can't actually go against these values that we're going to teach you how to access without experiencing emotional pain now your job as a practitioner of these skills is very very simple your job is to move through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good because that's the other side of values bonding is that they can't talk about the value they can't talk about the rules and the the that thing that emotional drive without experiencing one of two two things it's either one two one or the other or both intense pleasure and intense desire and in the world of persuasion and influence those are the the money shots for lack of a little bit more. Politically. Incorrect right.

If you want people to want to do the things you want them to do you must have them. Bond and weld what they need and desire at a deep emotional level to what you offer. I'm going to give you the exact steps for doing that it's actually quite simple okay. I'm going to try to minimize jargon.

But two things. I want you know the. First one is what do you want the. Second is control your state okay.

People don't make decisions in spite of what they tell you what they believe people don't make decisions based on data they don't make decisions based on logic they make decisions based on the emotional state they're in. So if you can. Master the ability to control your own emotional state. Then not only do you have the master keys to be in control of any situation you also have the master key to unlocking anybody else's.

State and moving them from where they are to the state that they need to be in to do what you want them to do voluntarily does that make sense if you're with me. So far if everything. I said makes sense and you want to learn more type it in the chat okay. Good good good good all right.

So let me go back to all right. So here's my personal promise to you if you bear with me and you stay until the end of the webinar. I will teach you the fastest most powerful way an ethical way to influence anyone to like love trust and. Obey you how to have people hanging on your every word how.

I'm salivating to do what you want them to do how to control your emotions and remove resistance to your influence and give you the exact steps that you need to take your life to take the the content of this webinar from just interesting information to maximum persuasion skills in minimum time does that sound fair okay. To further that in we're going to talk about one of my favorite techniques and tools um is and. I call it the secret back door into the human nervous system for. Unstoppable influence and maximum attention focus and connection one of the things that my my good friend.

Chase. Hughes likes to talk about is the levers of suggestibility right. And three of those levers are openness connection and focus. I'm going to teach you using one technique how to take someone who's at you know maybe a three level of attention focus and connection and ramp it up to 11 on a 10 scale it's that powerful.

I'm going to teach you the secrets of emotional bonding and attraction which is what. I've alluded to earlier. I'm going to teach you about we don't have time to cover them all four met up groups of skills. I call the pillars of irresistible influence right.

We'll talk about how to remove resistance to your influence if someone tells you they don't want to do something how can you actually talk to them in a way that they suddenly want to do it. I'm going to teach you how to do that all these skills are going to allow you to do the one thing you really want. But use different words to describe it that word is going to allow you to take control of your life it's going to allow you to walk into any situation or circumstance and exert maximum influence ethically and honestly in minimum time that's what it's about okay. So that being said let's let me close the loop by a show of hands in the chat that's me in the chat how many of you would like to be up to 30 percent better at everything how many cool.

I got a bunch of people raising their hands bunch of people in the chat okay. Here's the secret and it goes right. To the. First two parts of uh the webinar.

I talked about remember. I said you got to know your outcome you got to control your state if you can adopt and maintain a playful curious let's explorational let's see what happened state where you're kind of laid back you will be up to 30 percent more aware perceptive um eloquent adaptable um charismatic and persuasive and the people that you interact with will be up to 31 percent more compliant more open to your influence this is something. I teach when. I teach attraction skills to people one of the things.

I tell people is that if you approach a person with a sexual agenda if you if you try to come up to them and and you hit on them and sex is on your mind that energy that you're feeling actually ripples out through your proprioceptive nervous system their mirror neurons pick it up and they get creeped out if you want to generate attraction in people you have to take the sexual part off you have to just put it on a shelf and approach people in a fun playful curious attitude because when you approach people with a fun playful easy going attitude their mirror neurons pick that up and it reflects that statement their defenses go down right. This was validated by. Chris. Voss when he was doing hostage negotiation that when the hostage negotiator approached the bad guy the hostage taker with an expirational laid-back easy going non-confrontational attitude the the bad guy the hostage taker was up to 31 percent more compliant how would your let me ask you this how would your life change if you had for every 10 people that you talked to 30 percent more of them said yes.

To you what would happen in your life if you heard yes. 30 percent more what would happen if you're in your life if you could learn things 30 faster if you made 30 percent less mistakes all you have to do is. Master the state of relaxed playful easy going explorational me now rather than just talk about it how many of you would like to actually experience it anybody okay. So for my.

Next trick which is not a trick it's a technique one of the. First things let me show you my. PowerPoint really quick. So you can understand where this is coming from and where it falls in to the training is that okay.

I'm not. I don't. I don't like. PowerPoints.

But. I understand why they're necessary sometimes if you want to take a screenshot of this you're more than welcome to do that. So let me share my screen okay. So what you're seeing here is called the universal persuasion protocol and you see right.

Up here there's a zero step and. Then one two three four five six. So in your own way out loud in the privacy of your own home or your car. I want you to repeat after me after you know your outcome after you know what it is you want to achieve you're going to control your state you're going to get rapport you're going to use your language you're going to use those three to manage the state of your subject you're going to jump into their process and you're going to bond or link to their values and criteria that's called the emotional bonding checklist once again we're going to do this three times a.

So you have time to do a screenshot if that's what you need. But also. So you understand that the reason we call this the universal persuasion protocol is because it works everywhere you need to teach a class what's the. First thing you're going to do control know your outcome.

Second thing you're going to control your state what's this our. Third. Second thing you're going to get. Rapport you're going to use your language you're going to manage the state of the audience or the classroom you're going to jump into whatever processes they use to learn well and.

Then you're going to bond what you're teaching them to the things they want most in life okay. Let's say you're out at a club or at a wedding reception and you see somebody that you find attractive and you want to get to know what's the. First thing you're going to do. Define for a.

Define for yourself what it is you want. Then you're going to control your state you're going to get. Rapport you're going to use your language you're going to manage the state of the subject you're going to pay attention and jump into whatever processes they use for deciding to do what you want them to do and. Then you're going to bond to their emotional drives and needs using their own words to do it okay.

Let's say you're on a webinar right. And you want the people on your webinar to really get the most out of the training. So what are you going to do you're gonna have you're gonna put them through exercise you're going to know what you want you're going to control your own. State you're going to get rapport with that audience you're going to use the language skills that you possess to do what to manage the state of the audience you're going to jump into their processes usually starts with they're using their very own word and the things they want most and.

Then you know what you're going to do you're going to bond to the emotional needs that they came to you to satisfy and you're going to point them in the direction that they need to go to get those needs met does that sound like a win-win situation if you said anything other than yes. Think again okay. That's the universal persuasion protocol if you're getting a drop if you get pulled over and you want to get out of a speeding ticket guess what you got to do you got to know your outcome you got to control your state you got to get rapport with the police officer you got to use your language you got to manage their state jump into their process and bond to their emotional reasons for wanting to let you go in the. First place if you have a client in front of you or a team that you want to motivate or lead what are you going to do know your outcome control your state get.

Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process bond to their emotional drives and needs do you get it is it is is the is the process registering for you yes. Or yes. Okay. I've taught this to personal injury attorneys who have pulled down seven multi multiple seven-figure verdicts against hostile judges.

I've seen them use this in void. Dyer. I've seen expert. Witnesses for the defense voluntarily waive their attorney-client privilege just to answer my students questions using just the.

First three of these okay. I want oh that says nine figures oh that was the billion dollar deal on one of my guys closed yeah manage their state. I'm glad two cents boxing's asking manager. State what does that mean.

I'm glad you asked. I'm happy to talk about it okay. So um before we get into. So this is the universal persuasion protocol.

I don't have time to teach you every. Nuance. But this is the big picture okay. We're gonna focus on a couple of things that actually cut through three or four of these levels.

So you're gonna when you get really good at it you only need two or three of these to be effective anywhere now one of the. Last things. I'll talk about is notice how this is kind of in the in the shape of us of a. Target here's why that is when you follow it in a linear progression it tells you.

First do this. Then do this. Then do this. Then do this.

Then do this. Then do this right. It's in a. Target because everything on the periphery works on anyone who can see you hear you or read what you're writing let me repeat that the things on the outside are.

Global they work on anybody who's within your sphere of influence in the room with you on a zoom call a webinar a classroom reading your email a chat any place where inner human interaction and language is involved this affects everyone be not just the person you're directing it at it affects everyone. Then what do you do getting. Rapport also affects everyone within your sphere of influence. But because.

Rapport is more specific to people it's a little bit more targeted. Then you use your language the language you use affects everyone who can hear it. But once you understand who's in front of you your language can get more and more targeted. So that you can manage the state of your subject you take an inventory of where they're at where you want them to be you'll use these three techniques to get there these three levels to get there.

Then you jump into whatever natural process they would normally engage in and you bond to their emotions okay. Now each level magnifies the level that comes before it. But as you can see it gets progressively more specific. So each level amplifies the power that came before.

But as you get stronger and stronger in your influence it gets more and more specific to a person or a specific group of people who all have the same values and rules does that make sense. Stephen has asked me can you explain how to use derived meanings in trans derivational searches yes. I can it is not necessary nor relevant for this training in fact. Stephen it will actually complicate your ability to do these things.

So yes. I can. But for the sake of fast easy effective learning. I'm going to take a rain check or put a pin in that if that's okay.

Okay. All right. Is everybody with me okay. So here's our.

First drill we're going to learn to control our state. So if you're driving okay. If you're driving don't do this right. If you're driving do not do this if you want to experience it right.

And you're driving or operating some kind of equipment pull over to the side of the road put the car in park put the emergency brake on turn the engine off make sure you're safe to do this exercise right. Otherwise wait for the replay and do it. Then. I want everybody to stand up okay.

I want you to close your eyes. And. I want you remember there's two ways you control your your uh there's there's three basic ways that you control your state your posture and your breathing or your imagination we don't have time to do all that stuff we have we devote almost an entire day just to that in in killer influence. So you become a master of emotional state.

But. I'm going to give you one of the exercises that you can just do it in a couple of minutes and be ready to. Take. On.

The. World is that fair is that cool yes. Type it in chat all right. Very good all right.

So stand up close your eyes. And. I want you to think back to a time in your life when you were having the most fun ever and it was a special kind of fun where you were relaxed you were happy you didn't really care what was going on or or how things would turn out you were just completely in that moment completely relaxed and just playful and having the best time ever. I want you to just remember what that was like as you close your eyes.

I want you to imagine and remember what you were seeing in that moment what were you hearing what were you smelling what were you tasting how are you standing if you were standing in that moment how are you breathing in that moment of fun and playfulness allow what you were seeing and hearing and smelling and tasting and. The. Stance and the breathing that you're doing allow all those things to come back and stand the way you were standing breathe the way you were breathing and as you do that when you're in that place of absolute fun playfulness being relaxed and let go and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of absolute relaxation playfulness calm let's see what happens and. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel that as you point to where you feel that look.

At it with your inner eyes. And notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color of colors might that be for you. First impression whatever it is just go ahead say it out loud now imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of playful let's see what happens energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of playfulness of fun of relaxation a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all bummers all downers all seriousness all tension real or imagine well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited.

Supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully sow completely no. Force in the universe you can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true it's locked in test it try to turn it off try to take it away and when you're ready notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied it's only going to get stronger it's not going away allow your eyes. To open type what you experienced in the chat go ahead and do that now else he says.

I feel high relax joy and freedom color soaked into my body feels strong. Invincible satisfied. Euphoria boom now think about something how do you think your interactions with people would go if you walked up to them feeling like this what do you think would be what would your relationships be like how would you relate to people differently type it in the chat. Agnes is saying blissed out.

I'm a. Super. Saiyan now balanced uh e. Cole says excellent wonderful this is the beginning this is the beginning let me give you a very.

Reiki feeling very good. Brian very good or for a lot of reasons which. I'll can't talk about in this webinar. But here's what.

I teach my my inner my closed door students remember this all the decisions people make. White. Lightning says. I felt very warm the decisions people make are all based on the emotional state that they're in if you want to change someone's decisions and someone's.

Behavior you gotta change their emotional state the fastest way listen carefully now here's the secret the fastest way to change another human being's emotional state is to change yours. First that's why. I taught you this drill the fastest most powerful way to change another human being's state is to change yours. First does that make sense type it in the chat let me ask you a question is this useful yes.

Or yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.

Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay.

Am. I keeping my promise am. I teaching you experientially how this works because the only things you need to understand are the things. I'm teaching on this webinar if there was a skill if there was an instant influence crash course this would be it this is where it starts when you can become a master of emotional state control you can walk into any situation or circumstance and take over tly or covertly this is a big deal okay.

It's just the beginning. But it's a step most people never get to learn much less master. I'll show you how to master it in upcoming events and trainings and stuff like that okay. So what.

I want to teach you. Next is what we call emotional motivation or emotional bonding okay. Would that be okay. Can we do that okay.

So here's how this is going to play out because. I want to keep to my schedule. I'm gonna. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna skip one of the techniques. I would normally teach called the echo technique we're going to come back in part three of the webinar. I'm going to go through the building blocks of the echo technique link it to what we're about to do in the context of influencing other people right. And.

Then. I'm going to take whatever you guys want to focus on. I'm like he's like. Tony.

Stark my wife actually used to compare me to. Tony. Stark a lot that's kind of funny um. I'll take it by the way all right.

Um in part three of the webinar we'll take everything we're laying the foundations for here and allowing you to experience and we'll show you how to flesh it out how to make it even more and more. Unstoppable more and more. Universal into any situation or circumstance is that fair. So you think that's fair type it in the chat okay.

Cool all right. So. I've got about uh 10-ish minutes to go through this. So we're going to work fast.

But. I want you to work thoroughly. I want you to get right. Now.

I want you to get out a piece of paper and a pen and. I want you to stop and on the top of that page. I want you to write this question what do. I want to be able to do as a byproduct of this webinar training what do.

I want to be able to do as a byproduct of this webinar training. I mean let me say it one more time what do. I want to be able to do as a byproduct of this webinar training directly below that question. First thing that pops into your head.

I want you to write the answer to that when you've done that part type done in the chat. So once again what do. I want to be able to do as a byproduct of this webinar training write it down type done when you've done that okay. Underneath the answer to that question.

I want you to write this question down. Next what's that going to do for me specifically specifically what is that going to do for me once again specifically what is that going to do for me. Maggie says yummy you're beyond and everything good all right. When you've done that type done good now write the answer to that question what's the.

First thing that pops up into your head under the answer to that question up if you guys want. I'll include um like a brief template um in the emails and the program and stuff you'll learn it in depth in the in the program we've got for you. But if you want the actual template for this. I can.

I can find a way to make that available for you. But. I'm going to walk you through it verbally right. Now to save time and to avoid confusion.

So to reiterate where we're at right. Now you should have what do. I want to work what do. I want to be able to do as a byproduct of this webinar training what's the answer what's important about that.

I'm sorry what's that going to do for me. So again what do. I want to be able to do as a byproduct of this webinar training answer the question what's that going to do for me answer the question under the answer to that question write this down what's important about that in other words what's important about the answer to the question above you go with your. First impression use the exact word this is important use the exact words that pop into your head notice where you feel it.

But write the exact words down you got to write the exact words down trust me this is a big deal okay. So let's review here's what you should have what do. I want to learn as a byproduct or what. I want to be able to do as a byproduct of this webinar training answer the question what's that going to do for me specifically answer the question what's important about that answer the question if you've done that exactly right.

Done in the chat cool all right. Underneath the question you just answered the what's important about question you're going to write the same question what's important about that. So look. Directly above to the question above look.

At the answer and answer the question if you got that if you're able to do that what's important to you about that what's that going to do for you write the answer to that question directly below okay. When you've completed that just type c excellent you guys are fast good perfect. Last time with feeling under the that question that you just answered. I want you to write a variant of that question ultimately if.

I got the. First question and the. Second question in other words if. I got if also if.

I got the things above ultimately what's important about that that's the actual question. But. I want you to reference the answers to the other two what's important about questions if you got the. First what's important about and.

Then you got the. Second one ultimately what would that do for you what's important to you about that. So you should have a list of things now if you're doing this properly you may start to notice something that your answers to these questions get progressively more emotional true not true type true and if it's true yeah perfect this is the secret if your subjects when we get to part three of the webinar we'll talk about this more if your subjects are not feeling emotions you're missing something okay. This is a big big deal.

I have story after story after story. But let's review what do. I want to be able to do as a byproduct of this webinar training answer what's that going to do for me answer what's important about that a answer what's important about that b answer what's important ultimately what's important about that c answer you should have a list yes. Yes.

Okay. Now here's what we're going to do let me get a piece of paper. So. I can model this for you what we're going to do.

Next now is. I want you to stand up and as we stand up. I want you to look. At your answers.

I want you to silently read them in your mind from the very beginning to the end okay. And if you think about the most important things. I want you to do this. I want you to read the answers to the what's important about questions.

So hold it up. I want you to read the answers to the what's important about questions five let's do seven do it seven times out loud now before you do it before you do it scan your body notice how you feel scan your body become aware of where you're at state wise and. Then read the answers to the what's important about questions seven times out loud and tell me what happens tell me what changes in your body and what you feel it's okay. Keep going you got this getting done it's all right.

Keep going just just do the exercise and when you're done. Then you can start typing okay. It's really important to do this. I want you to feel this remember you're only reading the answer to the three what's important about questions okay.

Interesting answer. Purge we're going to deal with that maybe towards the end of the webinar we'll talk we'll try to unpack that okay. Now. Gary says relax lucky says lighter softness in the heart rash says.

So. I'm carrying a scale of zero to ten or one to ten how strong are the feelings in your body right. Now 10. Eileen says ten very would you like to get these things would you like the ability to get these things yes.

Or yes. Okay. Would you like me to show you how to get these things before. I show you how to get these things.

I want to ask you another question what if you could make everyone you know or interact with feel things as intensely or even stronger as you're feeling them now what do you think would happen we would. Bond great exploding. Stars. Quentin says that's exactly what.

I'm going to teach you how to do in part three. But for now if with your permission. I'd like to show you how to take this even further. I'd like you to share with you the system that these little pieces come from and how to get the whole thing and a whole lot more.

So when you're ready. I want you to go ahead and with your permission. I want to talk to you about the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion.

Mastery home study course this is the most powerful influence and persuasion tool on the planet and let me add a couple other descriptors that. I think are really really important it is also beyond a shadow of a doubt without peer in that is simple easy effective and fast you don't need 12 months of intense weekly drilling to be amazing at this you can do some of this stuff in as little as a cup an hour okay. Think about what we've done together in an hour okay. And what you can now do with it.

So this is something. I want. I want you to understand if you want the fastest easiest to apply most comprehensive system of influence on the planet no. This is it okay.

The secrets of human influence is all about helping you take your life to the. Next level when that that might mean in your world making more money or closing more deals it might be about getting more dates right. It might be just about being able to reach and help more people some of you all you want to do is feel confident or just feel more powerful like you actually have control of your life and win the game of life right. Some of you it's like being it's about being charming and charismatic and irresistible or any of the other things on the list that we talked about remember something my friends human influence is the one thing that is the the ultimate survival skill in the persuasion and information age your ability to get people to want to do the things that you want them to do for their own reasons is unlimited power and it's ethical power it's power that you can sleep at night knowing you've used it to make everybody's life better starting with your own.

So here's what. I put together for you know this offers only good until. August 10 2023 at 11 59. PM now remember.

I want you to stay till the end of the webinar because. I when this is part two we have a. Third part of this webinar and part three is where we're going to take what we've the foundations that we've laid in part one and we're gonna build on them we're gonna show you how to layer this stuff even more powerfully and easily okay. You'll be amazed you don't got to believe it just do it.

So stick with us till the end. But this is what you're going to get in the secrets of this is where we're going to start with the secrets of human influence persuasion home study course it's a 17 video set that will teach you the seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol a little. Target diagram.

I showed you we'll take you step by step by step through each of those layers. So that you can. Master them completely. So that you can use them anytime anywhere in any situation or circumstance we're going to teach you how to think like a master influencer professional persuaders think differently than the average human okay.

They have to to be able to get their outcomes. I'm going to show you what that mindset looks like how to adopt it for yourself and install it it's a 297 value. But really it should be a 20 970 value because that's how important the right. Mindset is.

I talked about this in my two-hour coaching class. Last night. I talked about the will to influence as being one of the most important the most important cognitive factors it's not about how many techniques you know because if you're not willing to use any of them you might as well not know them right. So there's a whole mindset that goes into this and you can still be the good guy that's the best part right.

You can get everything you want and be the hero. I love that about this system. I'm going to teach you how to control your psycho-emotional state. So no.

One else can do it for you. I'm going to teach you how to leverage the emotional states that you've created. So that nobody can push your buttons ever again nobody will be able to knock you off your game without you being able to get instantly back on that horse and being able to adapt to any situation no. One be able to push your buttons ever again if somebody does manage to knock you off your game you're going to have the amazing ability to snap right.

Back. But it's going to get even better. I'm going to teach you how to leverage that. State control the mirror neurons and the proprioceptive nervous systems of your body the heart energy field put those all together and create powerful bluetooth-like connections with the nervous systems of other people.

So powerfully and. So strongly you can literally make their body sway back and forth or transmit emotions back and forth we call these power. Rapport skills for connecting with anyone anywhere okay. Not just with frequency.

But with amplitude to generate. So much force in your own body state that it blows through the resistance and the static of other people's emotions and thought processes that's a 297 value. But you can imagine what you can do that you saw you felt what one technique can do imagine an entire day of material devoted to making you better and better and better at that right. I'm going to teach you the most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist hypnotic language patterns that are.

So powerful they can even affect people who have brain damage okay. We have actual clinical cases where people who are uh not lucid and who are suffering from. Strokes one of our guys started talking to him to the lady in hypnotic language he started responding right. Because it activates the brain in a different way stop for a moment and think about if you had a set of superpowers let me describe these superpowers for you what if you have the ability to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener in other words you could take something that was completely random and through one simple language pattern make it cause a specific effect in the minds of your listener what could you do with that right.

That's one pattern that you're going to learn now let me ask you this what could you do if you had the magic power the superpower to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener. I'm going to teach you how to do that one simple language pattern lets you do that anytime anywhere under any circumstance even if the two things that you're linking together have nothing in common and one is even randomly generated okay. That's super power number two what if you had the ability to magically direct a person's focus of attention and tell their their unconscious mind to instantly and automatically do whatever process you want them to do what if not only would that would they actually ignore everything else other than what you told them to pay attention to what could you do with a with a with a process like that that's super power number three better yet what if that ability what if that ability was. So strong.

So powerful that even people who are trained in linguistics conversational hypnosis neuro-linguistic programming couldn't resist it either what could you do with a superpower like that that's pattern number three okay. There's seven. I'm only going to talk about the. First four all right.

What if you have the ability to literally make a person's internal mental movies be exactly what you described the way you describe it with zero chance of resistance or being wrong think about that for a moment if you've ever done any kind of like conversational hypnosis and you've described something as someone and at some point they say no. That's not how it happened for me that's not that didn't work for me what if you could bypass and remove that completely there's one simple language pattern that if you understand it properly you can literally take over a person's internal mind movies and make them be exactly what you want the way you want it with zero chance of failure like. I told you. I don't have time for low percentage technique.

I want fast effective consistent results that work anytime anywhere under any situation or circumstance. I didn't develop this system for you. I did it for me because. I am patience is my superpower.

So if you guys if any of this sounds like uh something you'd like for yourself it's right. In front of you it's a 297 value. But. I think you know it's a little understated right.

Craig says if you haven't used the language patterns he's talking about that are com they're completely stealth and hit like. Thor's hammer all right. Um thank you. Craig all right.

So there's seven language patterns that. I'm going to teach you before we get even more. Unstoppable. But think about what you can do with those four right.

Now what if you could reach into a person's heart and mind and manage their emotional states in other words take them wherever they're at decide where you want them to go and through just your language your own. State control your own emotional bonding just move them in the direction you want and have them think it's their own idea. I'm going to show you how to do that what if you could hijack someone's internal. Behavior code in other words every human being has a pattern and a process and a structure to the decisions they make and the behaviors they create what if you had the eyes.

To see and the ears to hear the exact things they're doing to generate a feeling a decision or a behavior and you could match it perfectly without having to think about it like you don't have to like if you were to learn this in. NLP they'd take you an hour and you would have to blow through report what if you could do it instantly in fact what if you were doing it the entire time you were talking to them. But it was. So built into your process that you didn't have to think about it it would just jump out and automatically engage.

I'm going to show you how to do that in fact. I'm going to show you how to do part of that in part three of this webinar if you want the rest grab the package right. Um what if you could emotionally. Bond your product your service you to the things that your subject most deeply emotionally wants in such a way that doing what they want gets you what you want okay.

I gave you the experience of a part of that right. Before. I launched into this. I'm going to show you how to take it even further okay.

What if. I included with this package a 240 page menu. I think it's 240 page it might be a little less that has chapters on how to use the spatial relationships between you and another person to create connection. Authority compliance suggestibility what if.

I what if it had chapters on how to use a person's own internal filters of reality. So that you could perfectly match how they see the world and your content to it. So it just they understand you deeper than they've ever been felt they've understood anyone before what if you have the ability to profile people read their face read their clothing. So you would know exactly what to say and how to say it.

Betty says it sounds too good to be true welcome to killer influence the number one. NLP training course of 2020 and 2022. that's what this is that's the this is where we're starting. Betty okay. There's a whole lot more there's even a section in this manual this is a killer influence mind control manual called dirty rotten tricks these are kind of gray hat area things that you you could use in special circumstances or more importantly other people might try to pull on you that you can uh turn the tables on right.

Okay. Plus what if you had access to a group of people who are as passionate and fanatical about learning and developing these skills. As. You.

Are. I'm going to show you how to do that if you've answered yes. To any two of the things. I talked about this is what you the total value on this package right.

Now is 2 497 dollars. But as you can probably guess there's more if you're brave enough if you understand the power of what. I've just talked to you about and given you experiences of if you're ready to take your life to the. Next level.

I mean seriously take your life to the. Next level. I wanna. I wanna give you some other things as a way to say thank you for taking action and stepping up.

I'm going to include these special extra bonuses the. First one is called. Weapons of. Mass instruction one of the most powerful and compelling persuasion tools on the planet is the ability to tell stories my biggest frustration when.

I was studying. NLP in conversational hypnosis was every storytelling class. I went to tried to teach me confusing weird metaphors or the hero's journey it's super complicated everything and didn't really teach me the nuts and bolts do this. Then do this.

Then do this stuff that. I needed to know. So. I realized after buying five or six courses on different forms of store work some by some of the best.

NLP trainers in the world. I realized something that if. I wanted a course that would teach. Homer.

Simpson how to be the world's best storyteller and get their outcome over and over and over again right. I was gonna have to create it and. So. I did.

I went to the. Neuroscience. I went to the social psychology resources all having to do with storytelling and narrative okay. And.

I looked at the neuroscience and. I found guys like. Dr. Eric.

Knowles who wrote an entire book. Called persuasion and resistance and. I broke all the information that. I came across that worked into five basic chapters the.

First one is the. Neuroscience of narrative and storytelling this is going to teach you why stories are the most irresistible form of influence in the world even when the person you're telling the story to knows you're using it to influence them right. How the neural the. Neurology of a person actually couples up with you the storytellers and.

Then begins to synchronize and. Then train to the point where you guys are literally thinking the same thoughts and they're anticipating every word that comes out of your mouth how it creates persuasion in the background how even if people have uh values that are dramatically opposed or different from what you're presenting the way you tell the story can actually soften their attitudes and create vicarious experiences in their life that melt their resistance that's chapter one chapter two is all about. Alpha stories if you need to persuade to like for sales or motivation or leadership right. If you want to inspire people these are the stories that most people learn when they go to leadership camps or sales seminars or whatever we call these.

Alpha stories. Alpha stories um are stories that amplify persuasion push let me jump out of my my. PowerPoint just to understand where we're going with this and why it's important for you. So.

Alpha stories we're going to talk about two chapters uh. Alpha stories and. Omega stories okay. Alpha stories if.

I have a filing cabinet for example and. I need to move this heavy filing cabinet right. But. I can't move it by myself.

I go and. I ask my friend uh. Richard and my friend. Savo to help me push this that's an alpha story that's that's adding more persuasion push to the process.

But there's another kind of story that almost nobody knows about and they're called. Omega stories. Omega stories work differently than. Alpha stories because they eliminate resistance to influence they eliminate a person's desire to resist or react to you okay.

So it would be the equivalent if. I have this big heavy filing cabinet. But. I only have myself.

I go find some rollers or. I get some oil or grease and. I throw it on the floor in front of the object and now. I can move that by myself because.

I've done what. I've removed the resistance and the re and the friction to my influence there's a whole chapter on that one of the most powerful ways that people use stories is to connect with other people. So if you're someone who hates small talk you're someone who wants to be able to strike up conversations anytime anywhere there's a whole chapter on connection stories little swipe files that you can create. So you can have a little tiny vignette or story ready to go anytime that helps you bond with people instantly that's chapter number three and.

Then. Finally our number four and. Then. Finally we're going to talk about one of the most powerful.

But ninja aspects of the the storytelling sequence we call those ninja stories if you've ever seen people like. Tony. Robbins or. Robert.

Allen or. Lisa sasovich or t harvacker talk to a group of people or. Joe dispenza right. And at the end of the training everyone gets up and rushes to the back of the room to buy stuff let me tell you a secret they actually teach people how to be trainers.

But they don't teach them what they're actually doing. I have this on from first-hand experience as well as other people who've talked to their trainers they don't teach them the the secrets embedded within right. There's a whole chapter developed for you to learn and practice called ninja stories one of the things that makes stories. So amazingly powerful and irresistible is that not only can they influence vast groups of people regardless of language barrier they can also serve as a delivery mechanism for other influence tools and tactics and techniques and that's what the high level.

AAA rated public speakers and motivational therapists and and things of that nature that's what they're doing that's the system behind the system okay. We literally deconstruct the talks of high-level speakers. So you can see all the things that they're doing. But they're not telling you they're doing okay.

Again this is this is one of the most this. I won't lie to you this is the deep end of the pool. But if you are somebody who makes their living through presenting and public speaking if you want to lead and inspire people if you want to be able to covertly influence people to make their lives better you need to understand this is one of the most powerful aspects of. Storytelling and metaphor this is what most people go to.

NLP to learn. But they get. So overwhelmed with everything that they can't actually do it. So if you think of this.

Last ninja model or a ninja module think of it like you guys ever you guys remember the movie the original movie. The. Terminator and how they sent the. Terminator back through time.

But they couldn't send it back as it was they had a rapid and living tissue. So it would pass through because nothing inorganic would pass through that membrane stories work just like that stories allow you to insert and install other persuasion tools and techniques about 11 to 14. I think is how many there are that you could use right. Do you need to use them no.

But if you want to use them and you want to know how to use them. Then strategic storytelling and metaphor is the easiest fastest most effective way to be able to leverage that level of. Storytelling and power okay. So.

I wanted to to jump out of the. PowerPoint just for a moment to let you know what it is you're actually getting it's the fastest easiest most effective way to be able to be a story master okay. And you'll have me in your corner the entire time you're training to make sure your questions get answered okay. So let me jump back to the.

PowerPoint and um this particular um bonus is free to you it's worth 1997. Rio. But we're going to give it to you free total combined value if you add that to the sequence of human influence persuasion. Mastery home study course 4480 bucks 87 bucks if you register before the end of the webinar what if you have the ability to change any belief overcome any objection or win any argument in seconds that's what this.

Next program is all about we call this. Renegade reframing how did it literally overcome any objection during normal conversation in seconds this what if you had 14 different ways to change any belief objection or argument that you're faced with and what if you could do these and that's before you combine them what if nobody could actually hold on to a limiting belief around you ever again and all their resistance just melted what could you do with a power like that that's what these 14 patterns will actually allow you to do when you master this process. I guess people are asking for the link. So let's go ahead and post the links um in this course.

I actually teach you step by step how to conversationally overcome any objection or circumstance using 14 of the most powerful language patterns that were discovered now what's interesting about these these patterns is um back in the day when. Richard bandler was teaching people to be. NLP practitioners at some point in their training. I thought.

I'm not sure if it was a practitioner level or. Master practice he would get up on stage and he would say okay. I have this limiting belief. I need you to change it and he would challenge it he would go to his students to try and overcome his limiting belief or his mindset or his paradigm and he would trounce them every time and one of his students a guy by the name of.

Robert diltz who was one of the unadulterated. Geniuses of the. NLP. World said wait a minute what is.

Richard doing to just take these newly minted practitioners and master practitioners and just decimate their newly found skills and he's discovered there were about 14 basic patterns thought patterns or perspectives that. Richard could adopt at any given moment that would give them the ability him the ability to just overwrite and change a person's thinking process and he would use these patterns over and over and over again to just stop people dead in the chat. Robert dilts okay. He originally called these patterns sleight of mouth and.

I have to tell you aside from the core killer influence course as much as. I love the storytelling course this is one of my all-time favorite tools to use. But you only need to use it if you screwed up the universal persuasion protocol that's kind of the suck part about it is if you do the universal persuasion protocol the emotional bonding checklist properly which we're going to we taught you you don't need to use this. But one of the best things about this is if you have limiting beliefs if you have thought processes that hold you back if you find yourself making excuses for.

Doom for stuff not doing it you can use these patterns on yourself to change your brain to literally in a positive way brainwash yourself to be more powerful more wealthy more successful to overcome procrastination to feel more confident to feel more deserving of things in fact when you use these on yourself it's impossible to go back to the old way of thinking and you can do the exact same thing on any subject you desire with any person you desire. So if the idea of being able to overcome any argument change any limiting belief overcome any objection that you're faced with and set people free appeals to you this is one of the most powerful tools you can add to your killer influence repertoire it's a 1997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because like. I said. I want you to be the best.

I want you to have every tool and opportunity to get the life you want the way that you want it total combined value of all this is 6484 bucks okay. If you register before the end of the webinar okay. And. Finally you know.

I mentioned guys like. T harvecker and uh. Robert. Allen and.

Lisa sasovich and. Tony. Robbins we've all talked about and we've talked about how at the end of their trainings they make an offer and there's a vertical. Stampede to the back of the room just for my edification how many people are on the call today are on the on the webinar today are some form of presenter or therapist.

Coach sales person manager just type it just type me in the chat right. Just type me in the chat. So. I know okay.

All right. So how many people have aspirations of writing a book. Or building a business that involves presenting to large groups of people okay. If you make your if you intend on making your living as a coach a trainer a mentor a guide a therapist one of the most powerful ways to build your business is through public speaking it's the most cost effective it's the most useful and you can leverage all the content you create everywhere okay.

So here's my point this is the skill set you need. Next once you've got the universal persuasion protocol the seven most powerful language patterns that exist you know how to tell effective stories now you want to know how to put it all together to be an. Unstoppable. Force from the stage.

So that the people rush to the back of the room and sign up to take the. Next step with you that's what. Charisma and conversion is all about and it not only talks about it it's going to teach you two forms of persuasion architecture in other words how do you design a talk that structurally programs people to want to take the. Next step with you what do you build in how do you tell effective stories how do you give examples how do you create partnership from the start how do you communicate with complete authenticity and leverage and combine all that into an irresistibly emotionally compelling um narrative or or experience for them that has them wanting to spend more and more time in your world in an ethical win-win way that's what.

Chrisman conversion is all about if you've ever found yourself rushing to the back of the room at somebody else's presentation to buy something you don't need you need this course why because you'll see all the hidden triggers all the steps people are taking all the the different types of influence tools that are being used to leverage you to take the. Next step with them right. And. Frankie says it's working on me and.

I'm completely fine about it it works yes. That's my point the the challenge with this material is that it is. So damn powerful and again that's again. I'm not a persuasion cop.

But. I can tell you from from. True. Real.

World. Experience guys that there's a lot of people out there using this on you in a bad way they're using it to just sell you the the. Golden. Gate.

Bridge they're selling you waterfront property in. Arizona right. But if you have these tools and a strong sense of personal ethics you can win at presenting you can win in any in front of any audience you can be true to your own sense of personal ethics and you can protect yourself against the people who might use these things on you in a less than ethical way and. I mean that sincerely.

I said it before. I'll say it again there are lots of well-trained. Highly funded three-letter agencies out there with a vested interest in doing these things to you. So if you want to stop being the victim for lack of a better word this is where you want to go.

Next now. I'm going to give this to you free it's a 1997 value and. I'm going to give it to you absolutely free because. I know a lot of you are coaches a lot of you are consultants and again if you are our social media influencers if you want to leverage your ability to convert the most amount of people to your funnel to your planet is what we call it.

Planet. David this is the way this is your. Next step okay. It's no.

BS this is the that works and there's stuff in here. I haven't even told you about yet right. Because. I can.

I'd be here all day there's a lot in here. But it presupposes you have the killer influence system the universal persuasion protocol do you need any other other courses like the. Renegade reframing or the. Strategic storytelling no.

But they're great because it reinforces everything that we teach in those courses right. If you're ready to commit just go to uh uh http tone backslash www.killer influence.com forward slash go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go if you do the math total combined value of eight thousand four hundred eighty one dollars if you were to try to if you could buy all these things on the website and. I'm not even sure if they're there right. Now oh.

Betty says already did. Betty's with us. Betty has joined. Planet.

David yay. Betty all right. So let's review what we've got for you guys the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion home study course 17 videos that teach you the seven stage.

Universal persuasion protocol plus the killer influence mind control. Mastery manual to two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're gonna give you absolutely free the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling. Secrets one of the best things also about story is you can use it to accelerate people's learning right. You don't just need to use it to make sales you can use it to get people to learn that better and have a better experience in your presentation.

So. I really really recommend you grab this course. Renegade reframing art of conversational belief change how to overcome or change any belief during normal conversation in seconds recorded live. So what now both of these are 1997 values we're giving them to you absolutely free.

Finally as part of this. Ultra persuasion package we're going to give you the. Next step that's. Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers these are the exact steps and methodologies that.

I use to get people excited to rush to the back of the room to feel like they've truly gotten more value than they've they've invested and feel absolutely wonderful about everything all without having to lie cheat or steal this is the same thing. I teach my students two years ago. I taught a class of 80 people at. Hypno.

Thoughts hypnotists neuro-linguistic programmers. Financial. Services experts um. Peak.

Performance experts how to do all this. I can do the same for you and. I want to it's a 1997 value um total value if we did all the math is eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars if you could buy each of these individually on the website that's how much it would cost you. But some of these you can't get because they're not on the website they're only available through this webinar training okay.

Now inevitably people are going to start to ask questions and here's some of the questions that we're gonna get well okay. David what's the what's the catch there isn't one. But today because. I love you and.

I and. I know that sounds that's really quirky it sounds corny to me. I want you guys to do this. I want you guys to have every opportunity every single tool that will change your life why is that because the more money.

I help you make the more trainings you'll come to it's completely win-win it's completely selfish on my part. I want you to be successful because of that because. I know the times that we live in. I know that the onus is on me to deliver.

I want to remove all possible risk all possible hesitations. I want to make this easy for you. So here's the deal for today only you're not going to have to pay eight thousand four hundred eighty one dollars you're not even gonna have to we're not even gonna charge you six thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars we're not going to charge you 5300 3300 hey guys we're not even going to charge you 23.47 that's a hundred dollars less than the ask asking price of. Just.

Killer influence. We're. Not. Gonna.

We're not gonna ask you for that for those of you who are really serious who have answered yes. To any two or more of the questions or the the conditions the qualifiers that. I've thrown out to you you can get it all for one low time investment of only 9.97. that's it 9.97 and if you need a little extra help reach out to us we can break that up into three easy installments of just 397 each and all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o go okay. So go ahead and click that link now uh if you know you want this if you've answered yes.

To even two or three of the things. I've talked about grab this now and there's a couple of reasons why you want to do this now um which. I'm about to talk to you about. But before.

I do um www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go uh hold on a. Second let me put this in the uh in the. YouTube chat hold on a. Second uh there we go.

So for those of you in. YouTube land there's your link go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go click that link right. Now because. I've got some other goodies for you.

But before. I talk about that. I want to talk to you about something else you know a couple of people have said to me or would have posted in the chat. David this is too good to be true.

I wish that were true. But it's not. I've actually undersold. I've under described everything that's in those programs.

I'm giving you. I've literally minimized like people people who have this program people who've been in this program have. I or have. I not actually not described half of what's in those programs that you're getting right.

But think about what you're going to be able to do with just the things. I talked about. But even. Then some of you are still going to have some doubts you can say well wait a minute what if this doesn't work okay.

Fair enough. I want to eliminate all the risk. I want it's all on me to deliver if it doesn't deliver this costs you nothing take this program now apply the tools and the techniques if you have questions give us a call or send us an email let us help you through the sticking points work the system play with the system practice the system for a full 60 days if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money closing more deals reaching your goals of. Financial.

Freedom romantic. Freedom uh familial. Freedom or or abundance if you're not on your way to feeling more confident and secure if you're not hearing yeses at least 30 or more percent in your life if you're not winning the social encounters or finding yourself on your way to becoming completely empowered and irresistible if you're not satisfied for any reason pick up the phone send us an email and we will in fact refund your money because if it's not working for you guys if it's not if it's not giving you the results that. I know it can.

I don't want your funds. I don't want your investment. I'm going to give it back to you because. I want you to find something that works.

But. I know in my heart what this has done for every student that. I've worked with you'll be thanking me up one side and down the other and. I'm not trying to say that from a place of arrogance.

I'm saying it because. I've seen what happens when you apply this to these tools to your life even a little bit and the more you do it the more you have fun with it the more playful you become with it the easier it's going to get and the more things you'll want to add and you'll become a powerful and. Unstoppable and. I'm going to give you 60 days to play with it you have absolutely nothing to risk here if it's not working pick up the phone we'll refund your money and in many cases many cases we'll even let you keep the programs okay.

Now please don't be a douche and be one of those people who buys and. Then refunds right. Because you can't we're big on satisfaction we're big on customer service my my administrative. God is.

Stephanie is the absolute best person to deal with and if we can't help you we'll refund you. But. I know. I know you're going to be amazed at what you're going to be able to do and how quickly you're going to be able to do it.

So for those of you who really want to get this go now go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go you have absolutely everything to gain nothing to risk it's all upside from here on forward. But you gotta pull the trigger you gotta say hey. I deserve this. I want this.

I'm going to make this happen right. And if you have any doubts or you're wondering what you're going to get look. At that list of things you wrote down right. In front of you there's your why click that link go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go okay.

Next if what. I have told you. So far isn't compelling enough if it wasn't good enough. Then what.

I'm going to tell you about. Next is really going to blow your doors away there are many people in this world who are followers there are people who say. I don't want to be the. First one to do this.

I don't want to be the. First person in anything. I'll follow the. I'll follow.

I'll do they'll be the. Second or the. Third person and that's cool. But here's something.

I want you to understand this is a behavioral influence principle that. I want to share with you teach it to all my students and. I consider you my students. So take this for what it's worth the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced.

So. I want you to be an action taker. I want you to say this is what. I want and.

I know this is going to help me get it. I'm going to do that and. I want to reward you for that. So what.

I'm about to share with you is only good until. I log off the webinar tonight now everything. I've talked about up to this point is available until 11 59 pm tonight. August 10th 2023. the bonuses and the free gifts.

I'm about to share with you when. I log off the webinar they go away okay. Julian's asking me a great question can. I buy this course tomorrow and get all the add-ons still no.

Let me explain that what. I'm about to share with you are called. Fast action bonuses right. Now.

I will give you the one caveat if you call. Stephanie oh okay. Um if you call. Stephanie and you leave a message.

Then you will qualify for whatever fast action bonuses. I'm about to talk about. But remember if you call her call because you want to order right. If you have a question she'll happy to answer them.

But what happens a lot of times is uh hey we get we get a rush of people to the to the customer service line and the people who actually want to get their program wind up missing out. So what. I want you to do is. I want you to call right.

Now if you have questions if you get the voicemail number is 858 -282 -4663 if you call leave your name telephone number and the best time to call and. Then when she calls you tomorrow you will qualify for all the bonuses. I'm talking about. However if you call and you don't leave contact information and you try to call back the following day you only you you won't get the bonuses right.

That's as. Fair as. I can make it because there are people here who. I know are gonna are already stampeding.

I can tell by the. Numbers there's already stampeding to buy this course. So let me show you what. I got for you if you're when you're ready to.

Finally become an action taker in your life okay. Remember. I said one of the things that stops people is the willingness to influence you've got to take action if you want to use if you want to be powerful with this these these skills are powerful. But only if you actually use them.

So the. First thing. I'm going to give you is a three-month trial membership to all. NRP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group this is a group that's been running. Non-Stop for 11 years let me jump off my.

PowerPoint to talk about this because. I'm really proud of this and by the way for those of you who've been around that long uh effective. September if not sooner we're actually going back to hybrid events we're actually going to start doing the live trainings again. So one of the things you can expect a uh is that the prices are going to go up for.

The. Mastermind if you're a member you might want to and you're local you'll actually be able to come and train with me live and in person on the. Third. Saturday of every month if you're virtual you'll still be able to log in.

But new people signing up for. The. Mastermind they're gonna they're gonna have to pay a whole lot more okay. So.

I'm letting that up out of the bag. First even though it's something. I've been working on. So here's how it works since on the.

Third. Saturday of every month since. October 2010. I have been running a.

Practice. Group where people come from all over the world all over. South. Florida south uh south southern.

California uh sometimes. I come in from. Arizona sometimes. I come in from.

Mexico sometimes from northern. NorCal and. I literally go around the room and. I say.

Seth what do you want to learn. Jason what do you want to learn. Jeff what do you want to learn uh. Javier what do you want to learn.

Stephanie what do you want to learn. Susan what do you learn. Holly what do you want to learn and they all tell me what they want to learn and. I write it on the board and.

I look. At what they've written and. I find where they all kind of meet and intersect and for the. Next four hours.

I drill them on those specific skills until they can do it in their sleep this is not something this is not a program that's going to give you a certificate it's going to give you the one thing that takes you from a tire kicker and a uh a spectator to getting in the game and that's. Hands-On training you get feedback from me. I. Custom.

Design drills for you right. And we drill you on if anywhere from four to eight hours depending on what we're doing. I think the. Next the.

Next. Mastermind we've got coming up is going to be an eight hour. Mastermind. So imagine spending eight hours training with me either virtually or live and in person for free all you got to do is grab your package now and we're gonna give you three months access to the.

NLP power mentoring program where you get to work with me live and in person or virtually for free right. Not only that we've videotaped every single session we've done since. October of 2010. you as an active member of the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program will have 24 hour a day seven day week access for the full 90 days that you're in the program and you'll see stuff that's never seen the light of day on. YouTube things. I only teach behind closed doors everything from. NLP to regression to therapy to dating to attraction to manifestation to psychic skills development energy healing if we teach it face reading uh behavioral stuff if if you've liked any of the stuff that you've seen on our.

YouTube channel or the things. I've learned you've taught in your life this is your chance to level up why because the thing that takes you from interesting information to. Unstoppable transformation and persuasion is the willingness to roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills. So.

I'm giving you that chance right. All you got to do is grab your package it's a 1597 dollar value that's going to go up very very shortly. But you also get that 11 12 year archive that you can binge watch to your heart's content right. And if at the end of 90 days you have you had a nice ride.

But you're done. Then cool if you like what you've been doing you're getting results from it let us know and we'll show you how to extend your membership okay. But. I wanted to jump off the.

PowerPoint just. So you're free to understand this is the longest running skill building. NLP practice program hypnosis program that exists okay. And we've been helping people who have no.

Interest in certificates whatsoever gain world-class skills just from for manicular life better. So that's that's what that's about okay. Let's go back. I know this is a lot.

But again. I wanted to. I'm really excited about this and. I'm really excited about the opportunity to help you guys take it to the.

Next level. So this is a 1597 value we're going to give this to you free total of combined value. So far is ten thousand seventy eight dollars we're also going to throw in the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course now this is a course for people who want to start now this is like in other words there's like you watch two videos they're about an hour to two hours total and you can start hypnotizing people using some of those powerful language patterns instant and. Rapid inductions you name it that exists it comes with manuals it comes with video courses it comes with transcripts um uh there's at least five or seven different uh bonus videos one of which includes lie detection instant and.

Rapid inductions the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist the three magic questions protocol hypnotic hot buttons. I think is in there which is all about value solicitation. But it's done in an instant fast start format. So that you can get the fastest start possible and really start uh putting this to work immediately to 997 value we're going to give you uh this for absolutely free if you're one of the.

First 20 people to sign up today. So eleven thousand seventy five dollars combined value and. Finally for the. Next.

I'm sorry 21 people that. Finally registered today we're going to give you a special. VIP ticket to our. Next killer influence live secrets of covert hypnosis training this is a five-day certification boot camp it'll be here uh in.

San. Diego. January 23rd through the 27th uh please change that date it's actually the 24th 2024. it's a 2 250 value and you're going to learn again some of the most powerful secrets to persuading people on the planet you're going to learn how to the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist how to emotionally bond with your subject you're going to learn how to use spatial hypnotic operators to rapidly uh. Influence.

People where to sit and stand at conference meetings networking functions how to approach people how to speed read them how to get control of large groups of people at the same time how to remove any resistance that you're faced with okay. Again everything. I talked about when. I was describing the ultra persuasion.

Homestead course imagine five days in a room with me learning all that and the stuff. I haven't even talked about the really top secret stuff that will just blow you away okay. This is an amazing value this is our. VIP super ticket.

So let me explain some things about our. VIP super ticket. First and foremost this ticket does not expire. So you know the the.

Next training is in. January 2024. uh actually. Seth is right. That that 2250 is actually a typo it's actually.

I think 31.50 if. I'm not mistaken. But. Anyway neither here nor there um it's a lot.

But this. VIP ticket you have it until you use it. So let's say that you plan on coming to killer influence. But at the.

Last minute your boss makes you work a family member gets sick uh some other unforeseen reason that you can't go comes up all you got to do is pick up the phone let. Stephanie or. I know we'll move you to another training okay. If you can't maybe initially you can't you're busy in.

January that week and you can't come to the training and something happens at the. Last minute. But the training sold out it's filled up. I'm gonna.

I'm starting to use smaller venues now uh to keep the training more intimate. So the odds of it filling up are actually going up quite a bit um. But let's say it's full. But you have this.

VIP ticket and you want to come if you have this. VIP ticket all you have to do is pick up the phone let me. Stephanie or whoever's working the desk no. And we will find a seat for you at this training okay.

That's a special members only benefit for having that. VIP ticket it doesn't expire you don't lose it till you use it okay. If you want to gift the training the. VIP ticket to somebody else you can do that if the price goes up and one of the things you're seeing in in this particular economy is prices keep going up your price is guaranteed you get to walk in if we're charging five thousand dollars for this training you get to walk in and sit at the front of the class because you have a.

VIP super ticket okay. So for those of you who want this now click the link go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go right. Now here's the other part about this that. I think is is really uh really cool um let's say that you've already been to killer influence and you don't want to take the same training twice if as long as you've satisfied the prerequisites you can actually trade this.

VIP ticket in towards any other training in our 2024-2025 calendar provided you have the prerequisites right. Same goes for your package if you've been on our webinar before and you've gotten this human influence package and you don't want duplicates and you see something else you want if you let. Stephanie or. I or.

I know we will help you customize your package we can we can swap out or substitute other packages for you as long as they're the same or at the same or lesser price right. So you can customize your package for this okay. That's a big deal for some people because a lot of people have bought a lot of these things um and they just don't want to duplicate it. But they want they want to take advantage of the offer.

So if you have any of the products or courses that we've talked about and you want to swap it out for something else pick up the phone leave a message for. Stephanie and she'll get back to you and if it's possible we'll help you customize your package for you. So the total value of what we've discussed. So far now this ticket is actually about a three thousand one hundred 150 value total combined value on this if you take everything is 13 325 dollars right.

So let's just review what we've got really quickly secrets of human influence home study course 2497 value. Weapons of. Mass instruction is a 1997 value. Renegade reframing instant conversation a belief change 1997 value we're going to give that to you free.

Charisma conversion hypnotic presentation skills for public speakers 1997 value we're going to give that to you free uh. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program 1597 value three month trial membership plus the archive we're gonna give it to you free the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course it's a 997 dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and. Then.

Finally killer influence. VIP super ticket five-day certification boot camp. January 23rd through the 27th in 2024 two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value actually more we're going to give that to you free action apps as well total package value is 13 325 you can get it all everything. Soup.

To. Nuts. Hook. Line and.

Sinker with the 60-day money-back guarantee just one install investment of 9.97 or three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go. So here's what we're going to do. I'm going to give you a seven minute intermission. So that you guys can finalize your packages use the restroom when.

I come back from the break we're going to begin phase three of tonight's webinar in other words we're going to circle back to the foundations we're going to teach you step by step how to do the emotional bonding part how to use the echo technique and we're going to customize the rest of the webinar to exactly what you most want to take away from this webinar okay. But in the meantime before. I get to that go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo click this link now and reserve your seat www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go reserve your seat www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go get that out of the way.

So that you have your your brain is ready to absorb and practice and learn and. I will see you at 606. PM. Pacific foreign okay.

Folks while we're still on break if people are or. I see a lot of people are storming uh poor. Stephanie. So that's great make sure you get in line because those 21 spots are going to go quick they always do um like.

I said. I've decided to because of the the hotel situations for most people um we've decided to use smaller venues. So we've actually started creating smaller classes. So that we can make sure that everything's affordable for everybody.

So that's one of the reasons why we're doing you know the limited time offers and stuff like that and limited space and things like that. So. I just wanted to kind of be transparent about that um. But if you guys have questions you know we've got about two minutes left on the break before we get back into content.

So um again if you have any questions uh about the packages or other things related to persuasion and influence you can ask those in the chat now. But as soon as we hit the 606. Mark. I'm going to get back into the content of tonight's webinar.

So that we can focus on giving you the tools to go out and and make the world exactly what you want it to be um. Seth tentatively. January uh could be. Marina.

Village. I have another venue that. I. I am looking at as well that might be in.

Encinitas. So it'll be the. Marina. Village or it'll be at the bamboo.

Bamboo. Garden. Wellness. Center.

So. But it'll it'll definitely be in. San. Diego any folks in.

YouTube. World got a question any folks uh on the zoom zoom call that want to talk about things okay. All right. Well.

Then why don't we just go ahead and get an early start all right. So oh wait uh. Brian says. David.

I'd love if you could find a minute to touch on ethics and tools that you find useful in wrestling that thank you. Brian. I don't want. I don't know what you mean um when.

I say talk about touch on ethics and tools. But let me give you my. I mean actually let me get out of screen sharing really quick. So let all right.

Let's talk about ethics a little bit when we talk about ethics and persuasion and influence what do we really mean right. The problem that we have when we talk about ethical persuasion is it's a it's a very subjective thing. I did a whole maybe. I'll maybe.

I'll add it as a bonus um my. I have a year-long coaching program it's called the unlimited influence. Mastery coaching program we meet on uh. Wednesday nights from five to seven and one other thing that comes up a lot is how do you deal with persuasion predators and what constitutes manipulation what constitutes a predatory mindset what const how do you know these things how do you navigate this ever complicated set of uh sensitivities and and persuasion or boundaries that people have or don't have and.

So ethics is something that we're always talking about and one of the things. I'm really really proud of about the the system it's ironic actually that the name of the system is called killer influence. But your modus operandi is to move through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good that's actually our our mottos is we just move through the world making everybody feel good and what will happen is when you do that people just start giving you stuff like one of the coolest things is listening after the. First two or three couple of days of training at a killer influence content everybody's getting free desserts from everybody right.

Or their. Uber drivers falling in love with them or all these interesting things. But um. So ethics is such a subjective place personally for me when.

I'm when. I'm talking about ethics my. First question would be well where are your boundaries what where what do you consider to be ethical versus unethical persuasion and influence right. I draw the line at coercion of any kind.

I draw the line at. Deception or intentionally causing emotional pain without a way out if that makes any kind of sense those are the things that to me are that's over the line right. I don't know if. I'm.

I don't again. I've developed the entire system around this idea that you never have to lie cheat steal or coerce anyone to do anything right. And that's what. I love about this.

I have colleagues who. I deeply respect who have created you know their persuasion systems. But they're not based around this concept of win-win they're not based around the concept of an ethical boundary they're based on the idea of get the result no. Matter the cost and that to me even though what.

I'm teaching you could be used that way it doesn't have to be to get what you want and. I'm and. I'm not. I'm not belittling those other systems it's just it was designed for a different purpose if that makes any kind of sense right.

So. I and and they're very compatible a lot of the methodologies work very very well. So you have to decide for yourself and we actually teach this in the training one of the things that we talk about uh you know we remember at the beginning of the program. I talked to you about uh how to think like a master of influence.

But one of the things that we talk about in chapter one of the manual is the thought processes and the ethical considerations that influence and persuasion. Masters uh can have and one and some of the reasons why people aren't successful with this kind of information and one of the reasons is is that they feel like they are somehow taking advantage of people like they're deceiving or being tricky or sleazy or slimy that makes any kind of sense and the way a lot of this material was originally brought out into the world uh it kind of had that stench to it because the people who marketed it at the time um that was their hook. Right. But it's honestly it's it's if you understand the truth behind these these skill sets that if you understand what a personal.

Truly. Deeply emotionally wants and how they know they're getting it all you have to do is show them a clear path to getting that thing by doing what you want and they will do it now one of the things. I teach my students and we're going to go into this in just a couple moments. I'm going to talk about.

Echo technique we're going to talk about the emotional bonding checklist and. Then we're going to customize it a little bit is that if you're eliciting a person's checklist and as you go through that elicitation process you come to the conclusion that what you have is not a fit for what they need and you continue to do the process. Anyway that to me is a form of unethical persuasion okay. So let me let me elaborate on this because it really is a good question and it's something that.

I think needs to be talked about there's this thing called short-term thinking short-term behavioral change and a lot of systems out there which are far more complicated than ours um that's what they specialize in actually is getting people to do things in the moment that aren't necessarily in their best interest that is not our way that is not how we move through the world okay. Our job is to find out what people want know what we want merge them together. So that both of us get what we want for our own reasons right. So that's that's the core of it that's win-win no.

Matter where you go if you are like a lot of therapists a lot of coaches a lot of clients a lot of times especially when they're starting out you know they're they're working by referral now one of the things that. I. I understand and. I appreciate and.

I respect the power of. Word of. Mouth. But here's something else that.

I have discovered about people who work in many cases. Word of. Mouth people who work by. Word of.

Mouth are. Market. By. Word of.

Mouth many times are also living hand to mouth like they barely have enough. Revenue at the end of the day um to cover their bills and have something left over now there's exceptions to every rule. But there's a lot more people living hand to mouth who are in the coaching persuasion uh therapists position. Then are not and it's because we're healers at our core we want to help people we want to make a difference in people's lives and.

So sometimes we we short ourselves been asking for the value that we're providing right. And a lot of times what happens is because rents due. Next month and there's there's not a lot of clients coming in there's this urge or this tendency to want to take any client and keep any client that sits in your chair even if they're not a fit for you right. And it's very very easy if you understand these processes that we're sharing together and everything in the killer influence system to get that person to sign up as a client by leaving leading them to believe that you can get them a change that you're not equipped to provide are you a service you're not equipped to provide that to me is unethical persuasion a better way to handle it is to take a more long-term approach and this is what.

I have seen and what my students have seen when you apply these principles these phenomena the way. I'm teaching you if as you're going through the evaluation process the emotional bonding checklist and you make the determination that what you have to offer is not a fit for what this person needs the most powerful most influential thing you can do is tell them that tell them that and point them in the direction of a person or a resource that can solve their problem now let me tell you why this is the very fat everybody who comes to you in a sales context is expecting you to try to sell them right. We'll cover this molecular influence why whenever somebody presents you with a choice of coming to you or somebody else always recommend the other person we'll tell you why that is. But um they expect you to try and sell them right.

They're painting you with an agenda when you evaluate who the person is in front of you and you make the determination that you can't help them the way they need help and you have the strength and the character to say look. Based on what you're telling me what. I'm doing or what. I have to offer you is not a fit.

But if you go to this person or that person or this book. In that book. Or this video course in that video of course that'll get you the change you want in the shortest amount of time possible. I love.

I don't have a if you want. I'm happy to write you a referral the very fact that you had the immoral the moral fiber and the strength to stand up and say this isn't a fit for you and. I'm not and. I'm yeah.

I think and. I need you to know that paint you in such an authentic integral place in their heart that their regard for you will go up astronomically now that won't pay your rent. But what will pay your rent is that person that you were upfront and honest with will go out and they will tell everyone they know at least six people of the amazing person you are and how trustworthy and authentic and reliable you are because you did the right. Thing.

So those six clients that they talk about or more they'll pay your bills here's the best part about that the person that was told those six people they will find they will move. Heaven and. Earth to find a reason to work with you again because the kind of connection and relationship that you've created with them is. So compelling.

So pleasurable and. So rare that they will make an excuse to come work with you for something that you can't help. But help them with okay. So when you're applying these skills you can use them in the short term best case scenario you're going to find what that person needs you're going to be a direct fit you're going to meld them together and they're going to ask you to take the.

Next level that's how it's going to work right. Every now and. Then you're going to find someone who's not a fit who doesn't work for the service you offer or the slot you have for them tell them that and point them in the direction of where to go right. That's what.

I do right. There's many people who've called me and. I said look. Based on the evaluation based on everything else this isn't a fit for you right.

So um. I don't know if if does that. I know. I've kind of went off on a tangent on ethics a little bit.

But. I felt it was it's one of the biggest stumbling blocks that people have one of the reasons that they they invest all this money and do all this training and. Then they have this feeling that they're going to hurt somebody or they're hurting somebody by actually using it to make their lives better right. And we need to get past that we need to understand that you by the very.

Act of being a human being out in the world are subject to influence on levels you're not even conscious of the fact that you're choosing not to consciously exert influence doesn't mean you aren't influencing people you can't not influence them. So my question for you is would you rather. Influence. People by accident at random sometimes it works for you sometimes it works against you sometimes it helps people sometimes it doesn't or would you rather direct influence with intention would you rather have an intention of what you want to do and have the tools and abilities to take the randomness out of your life that's our that's the question a lot of people who are training to be influencers and persuaders we have to deal with we have to we have to really kind of.

Reserve or resolve within ourselves right. So um was this useful or did. I just waste like 20 minutes of our time or actually only 12 minutes type in the chat if that was useful or not okay. Good all right.

So here's where we got we kind of have fun we're going to do two things and we're going to integrate them into things for you we're going to talk about the echo technique which a lot of you know. But we're going to cover it again because once again this is literally the most powerful simplest tool for influencing human beings and creating connection. I have ever found and. I've studied a lot of stuff guys right.

There are well-known persuasion experts who have me in their bibliography and this is they use this stuff too all right. Um. So let me ask you guys a quick question what do you want to be able to do. Next in other words.

I'm going to teach you that good thing. I'm going to teach you the emotional bonding checklist right. It's on the to-do list. But where else where do you want me what direction do you want me to direct the rest of your training tonight do you want to focus on removing resistance creating connection um generating attraction what what uh how to you know more.

State. Control type in the chat your top two questions. So. Andrew's asking about stories wow okay.

That's a big that's a shift okay. Creating connection okay. Peter says come on guys. I know there's more than two of you in the chat creating connection and building attraction resistance removal emotional bonding okay.

We're going to do emotional bonding for sure uh. Brian says just nuts and bolts stuff okay. Connection all right. All right.

Very good connection creating connection resistance removal okay. All right. It's hard to okay. Trust in yourself okay.

That's a state control issue. Amani okay. Very good all right. So let's start with the most fundamental all right.

We got now let's assume now if we if we don't remember this let's go back to our our state control because one of the things. I want you guys to remember that everything. I'm teaching you is a stack you guys know what. I mean when.

I say stack. So we start with our knowing our outcome. Then we control our state. Then we get.

Rapport. Then we use our language you guys with me that's the flow of what we're doing that's the 50 000 foot. View. So what if you had the ability to literally.

Force someone's neurology to pay attention to you only you and nothing else while at the same time generating the sense in this person that they you know that you know them better than they know themselves that you've heard everything they've had to say and you understand and even agree with everything that's come out of their mouth even if you don't agree with it without having to lie cheat or steal would that be a useful superpower to have yes. Or yes. What if at the same go ahead and type it in the chat yes. Or yes.

Okay. What if at the same time this one technique oh it was one ability allowed you to create an. Ever deepening level of connection with this person would that be helpful buy a show of hands or show that's me in the chat how many of you hate small talk like if you get in conversation if you have to get in a conversation with a stranger you're like uh right. You're trying to find something cool to say what if you never had to worry about having having to find something cool to say ever again what if in any conversation that you initiated or where initiate was initiated with you the person you are conversing with did 80 or more of the talking and that by the end of talking with you they thought you were the most fascinating person they've ever met would that be useful okay.

This one technique this one technique does all of that and more one technique guys one does all of that and more and it's called as you probably guessed the echo technique um uh here we go the echo technique is simply put that the way to get maximum attention in minimum time one of the things. I want you to write down and this is really really important the currency of all relationships is attention and repeat that two more times the currency of all relationships is attention getting attention is easy if you use the right. Words getting it keeping attention is even easier if you use the right. Words what are those words those words are the words that just came out of that person's mouth let me explain let me repeat that in a slightly different way the most powerful words any human being can hear are the words that just came out of their mouth when a person hears their own words coming out of their mouth it literally forces their neurology to pay attention to you to the exclusion of everything else now you've all had experiences like this to a certain degree how many of you buy a show that's me in the chat.

I've never been at a party where there was a lot going on and you're on one side of the room and someone all the way on the other side of the room says your name and conversation they're not even talking to you. But they said your name and from across the room you heard it and turned your head to look. Who mentioned your name how many of you have ever had that experience. Andrew says that's me.

Betty. Ann says that's me how the hell does that work you're in a noisy crowded room the person's not even talking to you they said your name and you heard it through everything else here's why you're other than conscious mind your autonomic nervous system is aware of sounds and smells and tastes and other types of data that are filtered out from your conscious awareness and it is. Con because of your reptile brain your paleocortex it is constantly scanning the environment for anything that is relevant to you your autonomic nervous system is a selfish being it only cares about what affects it okay. Now when you speak let me jump out of my my one note for a.

Second just to kind of drive this home when you speak to somebody the words that come out of your mouth are a product of a countless number of filtering and reformatting processes is think of it like you guys um what's like the mo the highest level of video that's available now it's like 8K yes. Imagine for a moment that your experience of reality is like this 8K video file right. And you need to transmit that to another person or to another system you ever try to send an 8K video file through like. Yahoo messenger or.

Gmail can't do it can you why the file's too big. So what do we do when we're saving it for. Instagram or. YouTube or shorts or whatever we're taking this massive high definition file right.

And we're saving it down and we're saving it down and we're saving it down and we're saving it down we're saving it down your neurology is doing this exact same process with your experience. I won't we won't go through all the different filters that it comes to. But think of each of those step. Downs when it goes from 8K to a 4K to a 2K to a a thousand.

K to 500. K to until it's the words that come out of your mouth think of each of those phases like a lock that those words are a key to. So when you. Finally get to the point where you're down to spoken words the words that come out are a refined re edited lossy version of the actual experience.

But and this is the most important thing those words act like a key to lock fit to every filtering process in their neurology from the neocortex to the limbic system to the paleocortex to the body. So it goes right. Through their rationalizations their belief systems their emotional history and experiences and their. Primal drives when you give a person's very own words back to them you you stimulate and massage all of that and the nervous system is going it can't not pay attention to that why because it's a perfect key to lock fit now what happens is when you give that person their very own words back some some predictable things are going to happen hey you're going to get their attention big time to the exclusion of everyone else in fact one of the things that we have to do when we teach this in in killer influence and you'll learn this when you come to the training is we we encourage you to go out and use this on people who don't matter now before.

I start pissing people off or pressing on buttons let me explain that you should be practicing these skills on people whose acquiescence or resistance to the technique don't matter and you should do that a lot until this is such a a normal everyday thing for you that when it's time to use it on somebody who matters that somebody whose decision you have to get in your favor it just rolls out right. It doesn't mean that people don't matter what it means is you work on people whose acquiescence or acceptance of your your information isn't going to you does that make sense right. So one of the things. I tell people is go out and practice on people who can't get away waiters bartenders waitresses um maitre.

D's right. Hostesses and make and use these techniques to make them feel really good. But be respectful and here's why this is important for you as well when you go out and you start using the echo technique with other human beings especially servers they will pay attention to you more than any other customer let me repeat that when you use this with people like servers and hostesses and waitresses they will become. So connected to you.

So quickly that they will tend to ignore the other customers in favor of you don't be surprised if you start getting free desserts or things just mysteriously don't get added to your bill happens quite a lot right. Now again this is a baby technique. But think about what. I'm think about what it can do right.

We teach this early on we teach this in all of our webinars because it makes everything better it makes everything easier and that's my job to show you the fastest simplest most effective way to get your outcome. Echo technique checks all the boxes right. In my world a more advanced technique should make your life easier and it should be easier to apply if the technique requires more linguistic finesse it only works in certain contexts or you have to engage in any other form of. Behavioral agility to pull it off it's not advanced in my world right.

Because of these. Advanced. Techniques should be easier and more reliable that's my criteria right. So hopefully that makes sense.

But one of the things you're going to find out is that people will ignore everyone else that's the. First thing you'll start to notice the. Second thing you'll notice is that they want to keep talking this is this is nuclear for you guys why is this nuclear it's because the longer they talk the more connected to you they become that's big the longer you continue to. Echo their words the deeper into connection and.

Rapport and ultimately attraction people can start to become does that make sense type in the chat if you're with me okay. So this is your challenge this is the. First challenge. I want.

I want you to go out and. I want you to adopt the echo technique as your natural your your standard operating procedure. I want you to embrace this concept this idea as the way you're going to start communicating with people from now on anything else that you're gonna do in terms of influence and persuasion is going to either include the echo technique or wind up coming back to the echo technique. So we're going to talk when we um some of the ways we often go with these webinar if you talk about resistance removal we talk about connection and attraction we talk about um um romance or whatever right.

The idea is in therapy especially this is extraordinarily powerful right. Because it actually enhances recall one of the things we do in therapy a lot of times is when we when we reach somebody we regress somebody to cause and we're trying to get them to recall a memory that they they've they've blocked out what we actually do is we ask them are you inside or outside daytime or night time alone or with people just a quick decision trace and look. At your feet you're wearing shoes or are you barefoot look. Around give me report and tell me what happens and they might say something like well it's it's just me standing in a room okay.

And when it's just you standing in your room what happens. Next just that little piece of echo brings the. Next data point into their memory it recalls the memory. So what happens.

So therapeutically for those of you who are coaches or whatever if you need to find what we call the moment of encoding when somebody is uh gone to a level nine on the trauma mechanism and their neurology has locked up and repressed that issue and you want to recall the information if you just step them through it using the echo technique it'll come back piece by piece by piece. So for those of you who are coaches and therapists very powerful in therapy okay. In. Romance context sales context vodair um depositions this is nuclear networking functions oh my.

God if you're going to do any kind of networking like. BNI or whatever you start echoing people they will run off at the mouth and that's the beautiful part because a they're going to continue to self-disclose they're going to keep the more you. Echo their words the more they're just going to give you more and more and more of who they are as a person. So from a profiling perspective you get a snapshot into who this person is the best part is eighty percent of the conversation is done by the other person.

But all the good feelings that are being generated are getting linked to you. So the longer they talk the better you look. Emotionally and physically does that make sense okay. Next thing is um how can.

I say this on a deeper level it sends very very powerful feelings of. I'm just like you. I get you. I understand you.

I validate you to the other person and they release. So much oxytocin and. So much dopamine because to be felt and heard and understood on that level is such a rare thing that they will move. Heaven and.

Earth to keep it there's something called loss aversion. Theory which. I want you to understand and this is important when it comes to persuasion and influence remember that human beings will fight harder to keep something they have. Then they will fight to get something new.

So. Pleasure and. Pain loss and. Gain being the same if.

I lose if. I have a a dollar in my pocket and. I lose it. I'll experience four units of pain you understand that.

I'll feel it four times as strongly as if. I found a dollar on the ground. I find a. Dollar on the ground.

I get one unit of pleasure okay. So from a gravity perspective pleasure has a gravity of one loss has a gravity of four. So once somebody has experienced something with you that they love and they want to keep they will move. Heaven and.

Earth to keep it. So when you move through the world using the echo technique with people you are giving them a gift of being heard understood validated identified with the same as and that is such a rare thing and once a person experiences that they don't want to give it up. So they'll do things to keep that conversation and that relationship going does that make sense type it in the chat. So.

I know again this is the interactive portion of the webinar. Okay. So one of the things. I used to do this is back in my early days we refined it.

So much since. Then. But back when days when. I had a my own martial arts school.

I if you went a half a mile for the. First couple years. I was in business if you went half a mile in any direction you would fall over one of these big franchise martial arts schools there was one school in my in. Coral.

Springs. Florida where. I had my business. East-West martial arts that had almost two somewhere between fifteen hundred and two thousand active students okay.

These were my competitors right. Right. Up the street there was a. Fred valari shell in temples who had hundreds of students taekwondo schools everywhere right.

I'm this little. Rinky. Dink dude right. I didn't had note with zero marking budget how am.

I going to win how am. I gonna how am. I gonna actually put my school on the map what. I'm about to share with you is how.

I did it. So people would call me. So what you're going to hear is a combination of the echo technique and the emotional bonding checklist right. I'm going to give you the demonstration of what it looks like organically and.

Then. I'll walk you through the steps and. Then we'll show you how to um take it further or do resistance removal okay. But before.

I do let me just go ahead and give you one. Last thing about the echo technique and review the offer the echo technique is a technique and it's very easy to treat it that way. But if you really want to be on how many of you just are how many you want to be effective at this technique type me in the chat and. Then.

I want to ask a different question how many of you want to be unstoppable with this technique type hell yeah in the chat okay. Because it's a mindset shift one mindset can make you highly effective with this technique a different mindset can make you. Unstoppable okay. And this goes to what we call conscious or heart-centered communication if you view the echo technique as a technique as a trick that you use to gain powerful connection with somebody because you're giving them their very own words back for them it will work and most of the time it will work well every now and.

Then you might get caught right. However if you think of this technique a little bit differently not in terms of deployment. But where you come from as an influence and persuasion expert because that's what you are right. If you come at this and you see the echo technique as a way of life let me give you a couple of understandings of how this works think about this for a moment if you had the ability to absolutely communicate with someone in such a way that they felt heard paid attention to understood validated.

But deeper and faster than they've ever felt with anybody else and you chose intentionally chose not to use it who's the now think about it for a moment if you knew instinctive scientifically the exact steps to communicate with anyone in exactly the way they've always wanted to be communicated with you had the ability to give them that gift and you didn't use it who's the real jerk right. Now why do. I say this because if you move through the world understanding that that is the gift you have to give that you want to move through the world truly understanding people and letting them know you get them if you come from that place of wanting to communicate with them in the way they most need and want to be communicated with it's impossible to be caught because even when you get caught a person is going to look. At you and say why do you keep repeating what.

I say all you got to do is look. At them and say because. I want to understand you better because. I want you to know that.

I get you is that okay. And if the person says no. You've got other issues that have nothing to do with you does that make sense right. Okay.

So that's the intangible part that's the part that takes you from being effective which is where we start to being. Unstoppable you know again at the risk of pulling back the curtain right. A lot of you mentioned how authentic and how um open it some people even typed in the chat the real. David that's the real.

David yes. It's because. I. I took.

This idea of the echo technique and. I made it a way of life. I. Incorporated it into everything.

I do. Everywhere. I. Go.

I echo my administrative. God as. Stephanie constantly why because. I do it.

So much because. I know what it does. I know the power of it it lubricates every relationship. I'm in whether it's a.

First time meeting or a 30 or 20-year marriage adopt this it's gonna feel weird at. First okay. That's called the spotlight effect it's because it's a deviation from what you're used to doing doesn't mean they'll detect it that's the beauty of it okay. But we're going to use this.

So. I'm gonna. I want to go ahead and review the offer really quick. So if you're on if you were on the fence and you want to get one of those.

Last remaining spots you can click the link www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go go and. Then when. I come back. I'm going to give a little demo of how.

I. Incorporated the echo technique and the emotional bonding checklist into my phone conversations for prospective clients you can hear what that sounds like and. Then we'll go from there is that okay. So.

Craig says. I've had to use echo on a couple thousand people no. One has ever said anything it has made every relationship. I have better thank you.

Craig okay. All right. So really quick. So secrets of human influence home study course.

So this is what we got this is what it'll do for you uh. So 2497 value it's going to include the weapons of mass instruction it's a knight 1997 value how to use story metaphor to have people rushing to the back of the room to teach them faster and better it's we're going to give this to you absolutely free let me go ahead and put that in the chat uh we're also going to include the. Renegade reframing conversational belief change and overcoming objections in seconds it's a 1997 program we're going to give that to you free we're also going to include the. Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills package it's a 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free if you're one of the.

First 21 people to register right. Now you're gonna get uh as a free fast action bonus the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring three-month trial and the archive the 11-year archive it's a 1597 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course.

So for those of you who want to download it tonight and get started right. Away. So you can hypnotize people tomorrow this is what's going to get you to do that it's a 997 dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and. Then.

Finally we're going to include a free. VIP super ticket to our killer influence five-day covert hypnosis certification boot camp. January 23rd through the 27th here in. San.

Diego. California uh once again that's. January 23rd through the 27th. San.

Diego. California total package value if you were to try to buy these things individually would be more than thirteen thousand three hundred and twenty five dollars you can get all of this along with the 60-day no. Risk money back guarantee for just one low installment of 997 or you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397 each the fast action bonuses go away when. I log off uh the rest of the package is available until 11 59 pm tonight all you got to do to get yours right.

Now is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go click that link in your chat right. Now it's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go make sure. I've got everything right. There uh one.

Last time click that link right. Now go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and we're gonna get back to training. So this is what this would look. Like let me have let me take a quick uh sip of something really quick here.

So they don't. I don't have to hack up along while. I'm okay. Little ginger ale is good for the throat okay.

All right. So this is what it would sound like when. I was back in the day when. I was actually recruiting students from my martial arts class ring ring good afternoon.

Coral. Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can. I help you oh hi.

David my name is. Bernice and uh. I'm. I'm interested.

I'm curious. I'm looking for uh karate lessons for my 10 year old son. Josh can you help me. So let me see if.

I understand you better. Bernice you're looking they're interested in you're curious about 10 year old or karate lessons for your 10 year old son. Josh and you were wondering if. I could help you yeah can you help me now don't laugh because people actually do that on the phone yeah it's like how did he know right.

Absolutely. Bernice we have a we have a lot of different programs available. But in order for me to figure out which is the best program for. Josh.

I need to know a little bit about what's important to you about karate lessons for your 10 year old son. Josh well actually. David it's actually an interesting story see. Josh.

Josh is a great kid um and he's really smart he's 10 years old he's. So smart in fact that um his his teachers have actually moved him up a grade. So he's going to be uh moving up like from fourth. I don't remember when uh like fifth grade to sixth grade and he's going to be with some bigger older kids and.

I'm afraid that um that the kids might be you know. I might pick on him or that he might feel a little bit less than confident. So. I'd heard that that martial arts was a a great way for for kids to really develop self-confidence self-esteem focus and to stand up to bullies and stuff like that is that true.

So let me understand let me see if. I understand you correctly. Bernice you're looking for 10 year old. Pride lessons for your 10 year old son.

Josh and. Josh is a great kid in fact he's really smart he's. So smart in fact that his teachers have moved him up a grade he's moving from fifth to 60 skipping fifth base. I think going to six yeah that's right.

David and and you're worried that the the older kids might pick on him and you'd heard that martial arts was a good way for kids to develop confidence self-esteem and focus and you were worried that you might be able to the other the bigger kids might pick on him is that true yeah. David can can you help me. Bernice you're you're you've come to the right. Place listen the martial arts has been a way for hundreds of years for young people small people to develop focus and confidence and self-esteem and the ability to stand up to bullies that's a byproduct of karate training your son is going to develop the confidence and the focus and the courage to stand up to people who are bigger than him to exert himself and really to flourish in in the sixth grade even though the kids are are bigger than him he's going to walk tall because he'll have the confidence the focus the self-esteem and the the physical skills to actually protect himself wow that's amazing.

David. So you can really help me absolutely absolutely now we have a couple of ways that we can get. Josh started one of our programs is a two private lesson class and one group class it comes with a free uniform and we have an opening for that program uh today at 5 45. we also have a a three group class introductory program that also comes with a free uniform that starts tomorrow at 6 pm which is better for you you know. I.

I think. I think the the two privates might be the best approach because that'll give. Josh a little one-on-one and he can start to feel comfortable. So.

So what do. I need for that all you need to do is give me your name address and phone number we'll pencil you and. Josh in and. I'll just need a size for his uniform and we'll see you tomorrow at 5 45 for his.

First private class that sounded like a good thing absolutely. David thank you. So much. I'm really glad.

I called. YouTubers have a great day click okay. So. Brian we're in part three right.

So what'd you pick up what'd you learn what'd you take away oh shoot he's asking me questions by the way 9 out of 10 people showed up for that that private lesson and about nine out of ten signed up for that private lesson right. When. I was seeing clients for 15 years this was part of my invent my intake this is something. I would always do with every client she did not you're right.

She didn't because most of the time when you've tapped into somebody's emotions cost goes right. Out the window. John says she sold herself yes. Because.

I didn't sell her let me be very clear what you what you experience here. I didn't sell her. I found out from her exactly what she wanted to buy. I determined that.

I could fulfill that need and. I talked about only the aspects of my product or service that directly satisfied that need think about all the things. I could have talked about that. I didn't.

I could have talked about how many trophies my students have won at tournaments. I could have talked about um how my some of my students have actually had to use this stuff on the street to protect themselves. I could talk about how martial arts is a great way to develop health and fitness and flexibility. But none of those things came out of.

Bernice's mouth. So they didn't come out of mind this is the secret and why a lot of people in. NLP who are taught this under this this one piece in a whole salad of other things get it wrong when you're presenting something to somebody's emotional needs you have to know exactly how they recognize what they're getting. So one of the complementary questions that you can ask people is how do you know now in in the.

Bernice case it was obvious what she wanted. But. I could have drilled down. I said well you know what confidence means a lot of things to a lot of different people.

I'm curious how do you know when someone's truly confident and she would have given me a checklist of how she knows when confidence is being expressed could. I have done that absolutely would. I've used it in my presentation yeah you betcha did. I need to no.

If you want these deeper level nuances you'll learn it in the program you'll learn it at the live training. But for most of you this is what you need to understand you need to know what they want how they know they're getting it. I hope you're writing this down you need to know what they want how they know they're getting it and how to use your words to marry what they want to what you offer now going back and again re-watch this section of the video because there's a lot going on here when possible. I gave back.

Bernice's words verbatim there's lots of ways for you to cloak the echo technique and still use it where it doesn't sound like the echo technique. But for training purposes for real world applications you can't go wrong using as much of what the person said is possible in your responses because the moment they hear their words come back every meaning every emotion connected to those words gets stimulated who are they looking at when that stimulation happens you who gets connected and bonded and and is becomes the symbol of all those feelings and the. Fulfillment of those needs you do and all you have to do is keep cycling through that process and describing what they want and which parts of your product or service or relationship satisfy it and they will eventually do business with you by default notice when. I had you do the the uh the beginning in part one of the webinar when.

I had you do the emotional motivation checklist. I had you repeat those words how many times how many times did. I have you repeat that list you guys remember. Ryan's got a great a great comment here it's easy to give back if you're listening well this process actually forces you to listen to people better.

So not only does it give the impression that you're paying attention you actually are you're actually giving them the very thing they want most. So everybody's saying seven why do you think. I said seven why do you think. I made it seven because that's all you need to do the more times you cycle through the very words they gave you and you link what you offer to what they want you just keep cycling through it telling more stories at some point they're gonna have a they're going to heave a sigh they're gonna get the doggy dinner bowl look.

And more often than not they'll ask you to buy if by some chance they don't ask you all you got to do is say how soon do you want to get started or con or alternatively what's the. Next step we need to take to move you forward. I could have said to. Bernie.

Bernice just. So. I understand you better how soon you want to get started or. I could have said okay.

So based on on what you told me about. Josh and what he what your wants and needs for. Joshua what's the. Next step we need to take which of these programs is going to be the best fit for your situation that's your clothes that's the hardest clothes.

I do because if. I do this properly. I don't have to convince people they convince themselves think about for a moment how inspired you were to click those links and take the. Next step after you realize you were getting everything you wanted from the training right.

I. I figured out what you wanted to buy. I gave you the opportunity to buy it if it wasn't a fit that's why. I kept going back over these questions if you answered these questions at least two or more times this is where you need to be if you only answered it once.

Then. But two or more you need to be clicking that link why because you deserve it you might not be convinced of that yet. But these are the things that motivate. Inspire and move you forward towards the life you want they're the things you said you wanted.

I didn't come up with these you did right. Human beings never resist themselves and this is something you can literally take to the bank to the bedroom to the classroom to the treatment room it is the secret to getting everything you want right. It's just the tip of the iceberg there's lots of ways to leverage and utilize this ethically and honestly. But you have to decide you're ready for it you have to decide you really want that right.

So that's the echo technique that's what the emotional bonding checklist looks like it simultaneously amplifies connection compliance. Rapport trust and relationships right. When you use this with someone and you successfully fulfill on your promise you created a customer for life it becomes very very very very very very very hard for someone to. S to take that customer away from you even if they offer a lower price because of the relationship the connection that you build with that person okay.

Questions about this. Casanova the costumes help me sell solar panels. David you don't need to sell solar panels dude all you got to do is figure out why they might want solar panels and what's important to them about that and point out the aspects of your product or service that directly satisfy it and just keep going through it right. The only time you'll ever need to overcome an objection is if you miss the values if you missed the checklist okay.

More about emotional bonding all right. Emotional bonding happens whenever people tell stories okay. This is one of the things you can take to the bank all right. Before.

I move into this the the power of story bonding let me go ahead and this will be the. Last time. I'm going to give you guys a chance to click the link all right. So before we go into story bonding let me again review this for you has this been useful.

So far by the way has this been helpful has this made your life easier okay. So once again this is the secrets of human influence home study course it's a 2 497 value uh there's a ton of freebies that come along with this uh including the weapons of. Masters instruction storytelling and metaphor. Secrets it's a 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to include the.

Renegade reframing home study program this is how to change any belief overcome any objection uh or limiting belief or win any argument in seconds um during normal conversations we're going to give this to you free it's 199 it's a 1997 value we're going to include the. Charisma conversion hypnotic present invitation skills for presenters. So 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and we're going to give you the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program this is a three uh three at a three-month trial for you to come in roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills to put these techniques that you're learning into greater and greater levels of application right. It's a it's a. Hands-On training program. So 1597 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at 997 dollars this comes with a ton of freebies a ton of audios videos all designed to get you up and running in just a couple of hours like you download it tonight hypnotize people tomorrow it's that fast we're gonna give this to you as a way to fast start your your training free you're also going to include the killer influence.

VIP five-day certification super ticket. January 23rd through the 27th here in. San. Diego.

California it's a 2 250 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because the fastest way to personify and embody these skills is to get in a room with me for five solid days and let me drill you like a martial artist on the tools and techniques to go out and get everything you want the way that you want it okay. It's not an idle boast my friends okay. Total package value is more than thirteen thousand three hundred and twenty five dollars you can get it all for one teeny tiny investment of 9.97 and if you need a little extra time a little extra help you can even break that up into three installments of just 397. getting everything you want in life honest has never been easier or less expensive and risk-free remember it comes with a 60-day money-back guarantee click this link right. Now this is the.

Last time. I'm going to go through this um and get your get your seat okay. Www.kellerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo okay.

So let's talk about story work really quick and. Then uh we'll put a cherry on tonight's webinar. So one of the things that that people bond with is through. Story one of the things you're going to begin to discover as you work with three magic questions protocol you work with the emotional bonding and that's kind of what we're going to talk about very very briefly we go way in depth in this indicular influence training and in your programs you'll learn the resistance removal you'll learn the three magic questions protocol you'll learn the deeper levels of emotional bonding how to mask the echo technique.

So it sounds like you're saying something different every time. But you're actually saying the same stuff lots of ways that you can work this organically into every conversation in a natural fun way. But for training we want you to do everything verbatim okay. Where do.

I sell solar killer influence primary training right. Um you can also get stealth selling secrets you can actually probably swap that out for one of the other courses in your package if you want that that's actually an older course that. I co-taught with uh. James.

C2 a very very good course okay. Um pardon me. So one of the things that's going to happen when you start talking to people is depending on the context they're going to start to tell you stories right. This phenomena in in.

Planet. David and killer influence we call this analog matching and. So this is a way that human beings naturally. Bond okay.

It happens organically. I'll. I'll describe this in a dating context. So guy and a girl are out now remember it doesn't have to be a guy and a girl.

I mean do girls do guys could be two non-binaries. I don't give a right. But one of the things that always happens in a romantic context is the process of moving deeper into connection and. Rapport or away from connection and.

Rapport one of the ways that that happens is person a uh tells a story like maybe maybe person a is telling a story about this amazing vacation to. Fiji that they took. Right. And as the person.

B is listening to person a talk about their amazing. Fiji vacation right. In the back of their mindset people were asking about transderivational search before there's this thing called a transderivational surface going on in person. B's brain he's flipping through files or she's flipping through files trying to find vacation vacation vacation we're all my vacations and.

Then he finds the vacation file okay. Where's my best vacation what's the closest thing. I have to what they're talking what person. B is talking about they find the file and they just sit there and they wait they wait for this per for person a to finish talking and.

So they can tell their vacation story that's called analog matching if you want to take your emotional bonding deeper the way you deepen your emotional bonding is when it's time to tell your story you tell your story briefly. But you use their words to tell it. So if person a is saying you know. I went to this this vacation it was absolutely magical it was the most peaceful relaxing yet exciting experience.

I've ever had right. Person. B says wow that is. So cool.

So you went to to. Fiji and it was the most magical exciting peaceful vacation you've ever had you know it reminds me of a time when. I went to. Hawaii and it was really magical it was like everywhere.

I went everything was like calm. But there was this energy that made it really exciting and it was like this combination of like you said magical and exciting and relaxing all at the same time and. I think it's. So amazing how those kind of tropical locations can really just reach inside and and wash everything away and the person oh my.

God that is. So true we went to this one and all of a sudden what you'll see what you'll hear is this person you can actually. Boomerang. So once.

I once person. B is has done that. So tell me more about your vacation right. So.

I listened to their words. I found an analog. I used their words to tell my story and. Then.

I asked them another question about their vacation now they're going to talk you know what. I do. I. Echo.

I listen. I repeat the words back. I ask another question and. I'll just spiral them deeper and deeper and deeper into connection okay.

That is called analog matching that is another way that you can you can recurse with you can do that with the emotional bonding checklist you can use that during normal conversation they will talk your ears off forever and the longer they talk the more connected to you they become okay. Make sense type it in the chat excellent do you guys have fun you learn a lot the hell just happened yeah all right. Hold on a. Second.

I've somehow or another this is weird my my. Anyway in the words of the immortal calibernet. I want to thank you all. I'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh they're sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to save. So long my friends. I love you all click those links right. Now before it's too late reserve your seats come train with us and start going out into the world and getting everything you want in life by helping everybody else get what they want.

I love you good night. God bless take care.
