Title: 1sNfyGLFAOs.txt
Video Id: 1sNfyGLFAOs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sNfyGLFAOs

Hey folks this is dr david we'll be starting in just a few minutes we're just wrapping up some. Last minute technical stuff and uh we'll be getting underway. So uh see lots of people filing in and in just um few minutes and as you can probably guess that was one of our technical snafus david forgot to mute. Anyway uh i am working my way around the new zoo webinar side of things.

So lots of people in the chat we'll be talking to you guys in a minute i'm working on getting chase in here really quick. So just bear with me for a few minutes uh this okay. What's uh what's going on here everybody hear me okay. There we go my face was a little slow to show up how y'all doing today welcome to uh chase hughes and david snyder's hypnotic influence mastery ama i am your erstwhile host for today david snyder i want to welcome everybody uh we had almost uh i actually don't even i think we might have broke the limit and broke the machine.

So uh it is my great honor today to welcome one of the truly powerful and and most influential people in the field of influence today he's certainly become a friend and a resource for me uh and i i i do these things just. So i have the opportunity to pick his brain he's uh he's he's working on getting registered in. So real quick we do have some administrative stuff that we're going to go through. But.

First and foremost just uh as a quick aside just i can kind of get to know you guys a little bit better type in the chat if you would uh if this is your. First time uh in planet david uh and where your name and where you're checking in from and. Then uh for those of you that be bopping around planet david for a little while go ahead and type your name and just type veteran in the chat excellent excellent cool a lot a lot of cool people. So.

First and foremost let me just get a cup while you're doing that and i asked that for several reasons a uh in planet david one of the things uh that we we tend to embrace here is what we call a no. Bs get the results no. Matter what approach. So where our job tonight with chase and i is to answer as many of your questions as humanly possible and to set you in a direction to to for you to come away with something tonight that you can actually start putting into practice right.

Away as well as giving you a clear path to take your skills to the. Next level. So. First and foremost let me use my uh let me bring in my normal disclaimer.

First of all if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you this is probably the. Next the not the best use of the. Next few hours um our webinars tend to our online events tend to run a little long because we're very focused on delivering powerful actionable content and. So uh we do have a base what i call a free form format and what that means is for the.

First 60 minutes or. So we're going to give you foundations we're going to answer questions we're going to q a back and forth and. Then at about the 60-minute mark uh we have a package we put together a pathway for you to take your skills to the. Next level.

So if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the field of human influence and persuasion even in the in the extended time we have we have time for about this much. So my commitment to you chase's commitment to you is we will take you as far as we can in the time that we have and we will point you in the direction of where to go to take your skills to the. Next level is that a fair trade if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chat for me cool perfect perfect excellent. So let me just check and make sure because i knew chase uh we're having to chase had to come in through an alternate route.

So i just want to make sure he's with us before i move for any further um participants these things are moving kind of slow here okay. Okay. Chase says he's in uh can someone promote chase to a panelist and. Then to a co-host for some reason i can't see on my participants my books are.

So big yes. They are this is actually by the way for those of you who are uh. First timers what you're seeing behind me is my actual bookshelf it's a picture of my bookshelf downstairs um. So a couple of things.

First of all chase has just joined us i'll be turning the uh the show over to him in just a few moments um. But. First and foremost the politically incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offends you this is not the best use of your hours uh. So uh a lot of times people will tease you about buy my stuff buy my stuff by my stuff that's not what this is about tonight we're going to share with you as much information as humanly possible we will give you powerful actionable things that you can put into practice right.

Away have as much fun as humanly possible at about the 60-minute mark with your permission chase and i have come to put our heads together to put together a. Next level for you a package that uh we think will help to take your skills to the. Next level and once again just because chase wasn't here when i asked this if it's okay. For us to share that with you go ahead and type that in the chat cool very good all right.

Now for those of you joining us we've got quite a bit we got a number of people a lot of people are coming in from our youtube channel. First and foremost we do have people in the youtube channel monitoring that as well if you did if you have a question okay. If we if you ask it and we if you ask a question and we answer it in real time uh there is a lag between youtube and zoom. So there's a couple ways you can get your questions answered.

First and foremost if it's uh if there's a question that's relevant to the the the point of the conversation that chase and i are having we'll just answer it right. There if uh my veterans or those who are from are coming from chase's part of the world if you see a question in the chat that you have direct experience solving go ahead feel free to answer it if that's still not good enough if you still want more information or more of an answer to your question here's what you do. Next this is being live streamed directly to our youtube channel in the and it will be immediately available after we log off tonight if you want a direct quest answer from your ques for your question from chase or i i go back and i monitor every single comment on every single video every new video that we do for about five to seven days. So if you if there's a specific question or an extension to a question that you would like deeper information on if you type it in the comments section below that chat i will go back and i will personally answer it or i'll afford it to chase and he can answer it and give me the answer or what have you does that sound cool is that a good way to get your get your stuff going all right.

Very cool. So are you in the right. Place if you've ever had a challenge influencing another human being if you'd like to understand how to get inside someone's head and predict what they're going to do or what buttons to press to psychologically motivate them you're in the right. Place okay.

Um how many of you by definition have have no. Clue who the hell i am just type that in the chat it's okay. Right. Um a lot of you say who the hell is david snyder and why should i care.

First of all i am a doctor of acupuncture oriental medicine i got my i graduated in 2005 with my master's degree i got my doctorate. Later on from pacific college of oriental medicine i've run a clinic in solana beach where for the past 15 years i specialized in treating physiological illness that's as a result of repressed emotion i've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything ranging from covert influence techniques to hypnotherapy uh vibrational influence things of that nature in 2020 i was named the number the number one nlp expert of the year by globalgurus.org and our our premier flagship influence course killer influence was actually named the number one nlp training course in the world also by global gurus. But tonight's not about me tonight is about you and about our very spec my very special friend and guest this man probably needs no. Introduction.

But i'm going to give him one. Anyway uh he's had over he's a career military uh specialist he's uh he's spearheaded uh of the 30 million dollar budget he spearheaded massive amounts of research in the forms of interrogation mind control and human influence and where i was dumpster diving he was out actually talking to the real experts in the field getting all the science and things of that nature he's authored one of the best-selling books on human influence par excellence it's called the ellipsis manual if you haven't gotten it why not uh it is a it is a required reference in all of my covert influence trainings he's the author of two fiction books based on his real world experiences um in the military and as a covert operative and teaching covert operatives the art and science of hypnotic influence and other forms of influence he's an expert on brainwashing and mind control ethically of course because we would never do anything unethical here right. Uh and he uh i can't get certain things i can't talk about you've seen him on dr phil he's part of an amazing group of human beings known as the behavior panel ladies and gentlemen please welcome my friend my guest and my mentor for tonight mr chase hughes ladies and gentlemen thanks david can everybody hear me can you guys hear me okay. If you can yeah raise your hand if you can hear okay.

Good good all right. Let's see we got about 639 yeses all right. So david i'm uh humbled uh by all of this uh i the. First time i met david in person he was a seminar at my course which was the most terrifying thing i've been studying from david for uh probably a decade and i've just made him a mentor without him even knowing that he was one of my mentors.

So definitely grateful to have this opportunity just to hang with you and we have no. Format we can talk about whatever the hell we want to talk about on here and we can geek out on some of the black black ops stuff we can geek out on some of the extreme mind control stuff and i think this is going to be an unprecedented video on youtube where it's two actual experts not two linkedin experts not without someone who plays one on tv. So to speak right. Yeah right.

On all right. Um. So you know what let me start off let me just say chase i i just said um i. First heard about your your.

First the. First thing you ever created that i became aware of was called the behavioral table of of the elements and when i. First thought i for i got to be honest when i. First saw this thing i was like what the [ __ ] is this right.

And. Then i started really getting into it and i kept hearing chase use chase use chases i'm like hmm my snyder sense started tingling or there's smoke there's fire and and what you've done uh with the behavioral table is absolutely brilliant in for at. First glance it looks very intimidating right. But if you understand how the chart is actually organized it's it's very very user friendly in fact your that that that particular chart is actually on the wall at the cia headquarters or fbi headquarters or both fbi academy yeah academy.

So um that's really an origin story and of course people kept telling me about the the ellipsis manual which i think is an amazingly powerful go-to reference. But i'm curious there's it's always an interesting story to hear how you developed the behavioral table of the elements and how does that help us um you know become better at not just analyzing human behavior. But influencing. So i think there's a direct link between analysis and influence that the the better your analysis is the better you can influence because most of us are succeeding on accident because we're not really understanding how to communicate with our body or how to understand i'm i'm missing 15 objections that they don't verbally say.

But their body is objecting to the sale their body is objecting to the therapy or whatever uh. So i came up with the behavior table of elements my mom and i are watching an episode of the bachelor and this is like 2009 somewhere around there and she said oh this uh this girl is really nice this other one's really sweet this other one's a total [ __ ]. So she's explaining uh the show and i said no. The one that you said was really nice just lied twice while they were in this hot tub scene and she said oh i just wish i could have your eyes.

For one episode of the bachelor. So when i was a kid i had like rubbery kind of yoga mat kind of place mats they had some of them had the president. So i could learn the presidents the planets the states of the u.s all that. So i thought how could i fit all of human behavior on a single placemat and i went to bed that night just racking my brain how can i do it.

But if it need if it's on the behavioral table it has a minimum of four peer-reviewed articles to support the evidence the findings. So that's why every year this new studies come out and the table gets updated. But it started because of the bachelor and now it's used in uh interrogations all over the world and it's free i made it for free for everybody. So i think it's a really cool tool that's that's awesome you know i guess i i i'm a huge fan obviously i had no.

Idea you were a fan until i showed up and you know um. But it's interesting is that you know you said something we just recently you and i both recently did a uh an event together we did uh hypno. Thoughts live which is the world's largest hypnosis convention and you had a you had a packed house i know because i had to fight and struggle and sneak in to get in and catch a seat i sort of do. But uh.

But you said something interesting during one of the intermissions in in that it was interesting and and you prefaced it with please don't be offended by this. But he said you know you and i come from completely opposite ends of the spectrum and arrive at the same conclusions and that's kind of where i'd like to start us off is where did chase use come from what what and i know you're going to ask me this question. So i'm i'm just hitting you with it ahead of time uh what got you into this whole this whole study of influence and behavior and analysis and and you know where did that start what's behind that yeah i'm going to throw this back at you because i'm genuinely curious. But i also want to throw on and i'll answer it too before you got into this what did you think mind control was and like what was the imaginary bubble of like i'm gonna i'm doing this 20 years in the future or five years in the future what does this scenario look.

Like uh you know go ahead i'm sorry i got into this my it was 2001. uh it was october of 2001. my best friend in on planet earth his name is craig weberly and this kid him and i went to this a school training together outside of boot camp and. Then he's killed on the uss cole it was a terrorist bombing of a navy ship and i get these intelligence reports and if you have a secret clearance there's some daily briefings that come out called the early bird and they have these intelligence reports that saying our intelligence training is failing our capabilities are diminishing these people are are not able to persuade locals to provide the information because the data was there we just couldn't predict it because our operatives in the area sucked basically uh. So at this point i'm i'm thinking like this is the government they should be pretty good. So.

Then i find myself in these intelligent schools these high up recruiting schools and all of this for intelligence and it's honest to goodness at this time was no. Better than like hey shake people's hand look. Them in the eye use their name touch them on the shoulder every once in a while just like this boilerplate bullcrap and i said like this is what we suppose these skills that are in a book. From 1960 are what's supposed to save my friend's life uh.

So i was obviously pretty uh pretty upset and i at the time 19 20 years old i was in the navy i was working nights at abercrombie and fitz just. So i could meet women and i'm i have social anxiety like crazy i can't talk to anybody and i'm thinking like this is the solution i'm obsessed with behavioral psychology and i got into this and my entire goal was to revamp how intelligence training is done and my entire goal was getting people to a place where they would do things they would not normally do and are sometimes not in their best interest which is the opposite of most people's uh reasoning for learning this. But providing intelligence or or committing treason against your own country to spy for the united states those are probably not in a person's best interest. But they are in someone's best interest uh and getting out i never knew this had any therapeutic application until pretty recently.

But when i. First learned this i thought mind control was going to be like i'm going to walk up to a person and there's going to be the secret technique like the tap on the shoulder and. Then jiggle one of their hands and. Then i say the sentence and.

Then like they like turn into that robot when they're in programming mode like their head goes down and. Then they're just they're like ready to receive command and. Then you can just like put whatever like that was my cartoon example of what i thought my control was like yeah well you know what i hate to go ahead i don't i don't want to step on you i want to give you every every opportunity to speak no. What about you that's what i was saying well you know i was fortunate in in the sense that i didn't lose anybody intern you know from a terrorist bombing or anything like that.

But growing up i had i had a lot of problems growing up uh both behaviorally uh social situations i was very socially awkward um and a lot of times i discovered you know in retrospect looking back on a lot of the things that i've discovered about me and i was really dissociated from for some for whatever reason really dissociated by from a lot of what was going on around me growing up and uh because you know i was the classic you know bullied kid i was bigger around than i was tall i was the. Last to be picked for pretty much anything in fact one of the things i had to do was i i was. So bullied that i actually petitioned to graduate from high school early uh just. So i didn't have to ride the bus home that's that's how bad it was for me.

But because i was really desperate in a lot of ways to be accepted um and to be to have friends to be popular we all have you know we all have these aspirations to be popular. But one of the things is i kept getting i get you know my desperation for that caused me to try and court the wrong people who consistently misused my trust uh lied to me many many times and. So i often found myself um at the end of a cruel social joke or prank or whatever and of course you know as a as a young as a young person with bloody hormones i wanted to get better at uh more intimate applications you know seductive attraction those are things that that i wanted and about 15 years old i came across this thing called hypnosis i was like well what's this oh it's you reprogram subconscious mind and get people to change their behaviors and their minds and beliefs like oh really what else can you do with it you know. So the.

First thing i started thinking is well can we can we can we make people do what we want can we can we get people to um you know like me for example you know uh and a lot like you i was um i was like i had this i had this little image in my head of these are not the droids you're looking for kind of a thing um yeah and uh and of course one of the things that that kept popping up for me was that in all the hypnosis books the classic hypnosis books especially and for some reason i just knew this was [ __ ] almost from the beginning they kept saying you can't get people to do things they don't want to do in hypnosis and i'm like i couldn't get past that yeah it's like something's not matching up here i couldn't figure it out directly it took. Me years really of studying trainer after trainer book. After book. Um i became fascinated with brainwashing mind control very early on in my life uh and i knew that you know my schneider sense as my wife likes to call it started tingling i said where there's smoke there's fire and i remember sitting in my room after being rejected yet again and you know um and just kind of staring up at the world or god i guess if you want to call it that it's like i will nev i wanted to be irresistible i i never wanted to be powerless again i never wanted to be in a situation where there wasn't something i could do and one of the things i began to discover was that there's two things that we need to do time to to be able to write our own ticket in this world besides the will to actually take an action and that is a you got to know you got to be able to look.

At somebody and know what's going on inside their head and. Then you've got to have the tools and the techniques to press those buttons to get them to do what you want them to do it's the ultimate survival skill in a social community um you know i think mystery one of the more famous pickup artists used to say and he did this in the concept of in the context of seduction. But i'll paraphrase a little bit he basically said if you can't meet someone and have sex with them you are by definition sterile and doomed to extinction and you say something very very similar in in many of your courses where everyone in here nobody's ancestors here died a virgin right. You were you know you you you learned enough to reproduce and move your genes forward well the truth is in an environment that we're in as social beings the ultimate survival skill is to be able to reach inside somebody's head and find their reason for doing what you want them to do the most powerful reasons that they can for doing that will always be their own um and.

So that was kind of the epiphany that i came to after many years of searching. But it was really about changing me to become someone who understood what was going on around him and was able to navigate those situations and get my outcome um. But it started from a very a very powerless place for me i guess that i was always picked on um i was uh never really accepted anywhere and i i had this amazing gift to always say the wrong thing at the right. Time you know.

So i always found myself uh wondering what the heck's gonna happen to me. Next yeah. But that's what kind of motivated me well i think it's it's pretty similar i felt in many ways the same way that people would say you can't be made to do something you wouldn't normally do under hypnosis and i'm like that's kind of the purpose of hypnosis and i've seen a stage show before and i know they're not faking it i thought my whole life you know actually i thought my whole life that they were faking it on these stage shows until i went to one in person i saw it and. Then i strapped one of the participants to an eeg during this.

So you could see like uh just i mean if you're really nerding out on this stuff that you will see this drop in the dorsal anterior cingulate gyrus you'll see this drop in the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex and this kind of executive control network goes away and when you're faking hypnosis those things kind of get heightened because you're hyper aware of what what what could hurt you in the environment or someone catching you that you're faking it that's cool and i love it when you talk i get all turned on when you talk science talk some more yeah. So let's let's look. At like hypnosis and and you can replace the word hypnosis with extremely good persuasion in anything that i'm saying tonight i don't know if david will give you the same disclaimer. But if you look.

At it as suggestibility going up dissociation going up and focus becoming narrow as those things go up. So it's like we have a camera lens that's kind of blurry and. Then we're focused down on one little tiny thing as like a zoom lens those are the things. So like the psychosocial factors would be like suggestibility in the physiological factors might be this dissociative capacity that a person has or that we build into the situation we can manufacture suggestibility and we can manufacture dissociation and we can engineer focus in in most conversations that's fantastic in fact it and i agree 100 percent uh in fact one of the things that we talk about uh in in the systems that we teach is this concept of you think of it a persuasive you think of it as trance human beings are like the proverbial trans fish that doesn't know they're wet they they're never out of trance from that perspective they're always they're always cycling between some level of absorption and focus and as you transition from those states of absorption and focus you'll naturally access certain abilities and and skill sets while cutting yourself off from others and.

So we tell our students and we tell pretty much anybody who will listen that trances has two components and you nailed it absorption and a continually narrowing focus of attention and absorption the processor experience and when you can engineer that within a bubble of of trust and connection and openness which we'll talk about we both work our ways of engineering those things that are very complementary you can pretty much give any suggestion you want and as long as you set the context properly people will tend to buy in absolutely totally agree with that and i think that we should bring that up and maybe talk about engineering trust and and the feeling of safety bring that in sometime here uh soon within this dialogue because i really want you and i to uh not to debate on this. But i want to look. At it i want you to shine your flashlight on it from your direction and i'll shine mine from that direction i just wrote it down i wrote it down here for us to bring up cool cool all right. Uh well you want to you want to take some questions and.

Then circle back or do you want how do you want which direction do you want to go my friend uh yeah let's take a few questions all right. Uh let's see here um. So i have a question here from uh dan allen who's asking where did the name for the ellipsis manual come from is there a story there uh it's going to be boring. But i i will say that ellipsis i just thought was a badass sounding name.

So let's start with that. But the the little three dots when you read language you see those little three dots or you see those three dots in an app on your phone uh that means more. But that's the the extra part is hidden or removed or concealed from view. So when we see it in language that's called an ellipsis those three dots that means omitted removed or concealed language.

So i thought that was cool that we're not only communicating with concealed language. But we're seeing some stuff that's concealed kind of behind the scenes. So that's where the name of the book. Uh initially came from awesome and it's and you're very right.

It's interesting along the lines of uh weird origin stories you know people ask a lot of people don't really know how the the neural linguistic programming got its name uh and was actually uh the way richard tells it he was going through a checkpoint i think it was to school or or to some base or something and they i think was a school yeah and he was asking they're asking him um what's that what are you teaching and he looked down at the floor of his uh his car and he saw three textbooks one on one on neurology one on linguistics and one on computer programming and he looked at the guy and he said neuro linguistic programming and the rest is history uh. So a little peek behind the curtain there you know and it's interesting you know one of the things about names and for those of you who are doing any kind of marketing or any kind of written persuasion remember that human beings can be extremely extremely intelligent. But as an aggregate their iq tends to drop the more people in it. So when you create titles for products or programs or things like that avoid sexy titles are cool.

But you always got to explain what the hell that means because if if the title doesn't really explain the problem it's solving you tend to lose people. So one of the things that that happens a lot of times is people can't connect your message to what what you're sending or that what they need to what you're you're sending they move on to something else and that circles us back to this whole idea of trust human beings are moving through the world with a map of the way the world is supposed to be and almost like and again i can speak to to chase this because he he understands this because he's in the navy sonar and radar we're moving through the world and we're pinging the world around us with our own internal map and we're searching for matches we're searching for people who who match our internal map and what happens when we find those matches is we orient them we also orient on things that are are very very different novelty and chase we'll talk about the power of novelty. But that orientation process also happens when we find someone who actually matches this internal checklist that we have and. Then they start orienting on you and paying more attention to you to see how many more boxes they can check when they deal with you the more boxes that they can check the more rapidly the barriers to intimacy drop you become safe.

Then you become somebody that they want to connect with and and the your status in their world goes up exponentially as you check off those boxes and the reason and that principle of this idea of sameness this idea of projection or or mimicry for lack of a better word we call that the identification principle people and again i know it's not politically correct to say this in you know in some in some circles. But people like people who are like themselves the more powerfully you can match a person's internal checklist of and this is important of the way the world is supposed to be the more suggestible and open to your influence they become. So uh on that note chase your thoughts. So let's i'm gonna approach uh trust from a whole different angle which i i knew this would happen and that's why i think this is.

So fun i would do this with you if nobody was here i would still let's just do one privately and. Then talk about the secret stuff i'm kidding. But when it comes to trust or any human emotion that we want somebody else to feel i tend to default to the further back i can take this into our ancel street that should be the. First priority for me.

So what i mean by this is that if this is all of human history this the tip of this pin is how long we've been using actual language with other humans we're born with movement and nonverbal communication we are not born with language capacity born knowing how to smile and frown and all that stuff and. So i would say movement is your number one indicator of trustworthiness in social settings and i'll unpack this a little bit that when an animal is is feeling insecure or fearful this speeds up body language. So this speeds up the movement of a chihuahua a chimpanzee or a gorilla. So fear makes mammals move quicker.

So if i'm a salesperson or if i'm a therapist and i'm trying to gain trust with someone and i'm a little bit jittery or my muscles are moving a little bit faster than they should and i'm taking notes that are quick and rapid movement i'm automatically telling that person's subconscious remember the part of our brain that reads other mammals behavior is below conscious also below language it cannot speak english. So it's not certain what it's seeing in language terms. So we're generating either trust or maybe nervousness by the speed of our body and one thing that i would start doing to build trust right. Away is start moving no.

Faster than i would move if i was standing in a swimming pool i'm here at the marriott hotel in wichita kansas of all places there's a pool here and i always think about that every time i walk past the pool that that should be your body's speed limit if you're on stage speaking if you are especially one-on-one with another person or providing some kind of therapeutic uh help healing to another person. So we always want to start every persuasion uh going back to would it work four million years ago question one for all persuasion is my technique the. First technique i'm going to use needs to have the ability to have work a million years ago or 500 000 years ago when we weren't really speaking very well with each other. So if you get put back in time that's technique number one.

So technique number two we're starting to move closer to modern day. So. Then we kind of move into maslow's hierarchy. So if i'm talking to a customer or a person who is down here on the hierarchy and like they're needing social belonging and love from other people they have none of that.

But the product i'm selling in my sales pitch is selling actualization that's a problem that that's saying i automatically from the very beginning do not understand where you are as a human being and i'm giving you something that is four rungs or three rungs above the ladder from where you see yourself. So i always want to look. At and it sounds like such a simplistic thing just to think about the maslow's hierarchy and think about that as i'm as you're looking at a human being as you're thinking about the customers who are going to be reading your sales copy or being exposed to something that you're going to put online where are they on this maslow's hierarchy or if they're suffering with social belonging needs and you're training people in behavior or you're training people in something that's going to get them love and belonging like a brand new bmw which is all why a lot of people buy those that's where we sell to we're not going to sell to the actualization part we're going to sell to the part that a most of our customers are looking for that item to fix and b most likely where they are right. Now or where they want to be uh in that moment.

So i think that's another big part of trust and as as an unfolding element of that uh the more we are removing barriers which would be like this button right. Here on my shirt is removed since the start of our meeting and my hands are remaining kind of open as we're you know talking to each other this is another nonverbal thing that'll work a million years ago that shows this trust that shows an openness to other people mark bowden has one of the best videos on this i've ever seen in my life it's his ted talk actually where he talks about how opening your hands automatically makes trust happen in somebody else's brain that would be my little primer for building trust and i think you i think uh if i remember correctly mark called uh this open hand position right. Up in this area the trust zone right. The truth plane truth plane that's right.

That's right. And what's interesting going back to this idea of what worked a thousand years ago and it's not and using the body and movement it's interesting that um the highest level the most popular rated uh ted talk speakers have an abnormally high number of hand gestures that they used during a presentation uh vanessa van edwards does some really cool research where she literally counted the gestures in the top like 10 or top 100 ted talk people they all came in like 267 gestures in the course of um. However long the talk was okay. Now i have a question going back to this idea of slow movement.

So an engendering trust if we're moving slow is that more of is that more leading with the whole idea again going back to maslow's pyramid going back to this concept of be of being perceived as safe or does it go more because we know that a higher status people tend to move slower as well is it a combination does it rely more on the safety side versus the status side how would you how would you pigeonhole that yeah. So let me start by saying when people hear the word you need to be more confident or they they they're telling themselves i need to be more confident most of us and maybe you'll admit to this maybe not. But a lot of people tend to think of dominance and confidence as the same thing it is absolutely not the same thing whatsoever i want you to just start thinking of confidence from today forward because we know we could do it david and i could probably do a two hour talk on how over confidence or just high confidence absolutely gives you an unfair advantage that's just as good as having a ton of this training i could teach you in three minutes how to do hypnosis and if you're extremely confident you'll be better than most hypnotists even the one on youtube confidence is. So is.

So critical. So instead of dominance or being rude or being obsessed with hierarchy because the moment someone starts thinking i need to be more confident their brain defaults to thinking about social hierarchy that's the biggest mistake i need to be dominant or i need to raise my status in hierarchy confidence is not status confidence is a feeling of i'm at home i feel like i'm at home i have permission to do whatever i feel like i want to do and i'm safe that's kind of it everything kind of boils down to safety. So when i see people one-on-one i work with hollywood celebrities i work with the the lead fighters of all time the best boxers of all time all the problems i hear throughout my life working with these people it's like i want to be more confident i want to be able to do this with more fluidity i want to be a better public speaker i want to have more discipline and stop worrying about things all of the if we put those in a boiling pot that would all boil down to a feeling of safety and that is such a critical thing that confidence is comfort and safety and knowing that things are probably gonna be okay. I'm not gonna die if i go and stand up and like say what i want to say and take charge or act like i'm actually in charge here no.

One's gonna stab me no. One's gonna there's not a worst case scenario that's gonna end in me dying most likely in this situation. So it's that feeling of safety that's super important and i've absolutely lost track of whatever the hell the question was about actually the answer was solid gold and and you actually did answer the question in that it's more about projecting a sense of being safe and comfortable and to that effect you know one of the things we we mentioned in the email that we sent out uh when we talked about this we talked about psycho what i called psycho-linguistics or how to use language and things like that do you think it's better to you you know because there's a lot of myth and you just clarified it very very well there's a lot of mythology around this word confidence in fact i tell people um the confidence is as it's taught by the self-help community it's largely [ __ ] and and art and. So we redefine confidence.

But do you think it might be more useful for people who are students of influence who maybe have a a misconception of the or kind of have years of programming around the word confidence to redefine it as something like certainty or [Music] sincerity or or something of that comfort has to be there that's the one thing that i think a lot of people when they look. At this idea of confidence they they tend to think of it as uh uh you know a shot of a shot of adrenaline and benzedrine given rectally you know i think it's like drinking 12 rock stars and being ah crazy eddie his prices are and and it's not really what uh what true confidence or certainty is really about um the one thing that you see about with people who are confident or who match with our definition of confidence is they're comfortable and that we keep coming back to that word comfort comfort has to be generated both internally and. Then ultimately externally and by moving slow and keeping your body moving at a specific pace that's easy for the reptile brain to kind of pay attention to you generate both and. So i think.

So what do you think do you think it's important that maybe we could we might be better served by redefining confidence or just changing the word i think changing the word is great because we've got. So much tied to that stuff we've got all the societal beliefs about that. But the word safety we can say safety i'm comfortable i i'm at home here i'm allowed to do whatever the one and whatever i want to do here and nothing's going to stop me from doing whatever i want to do and just being completely okay. Knowing that everything's probably going to be just fine and having just a generalized positive outcome when we're not confident our brain is saying i need to make myself tense.

So other people can relax i need to make myself less confident. So other people don't feel bad and that's the biggest thing that i see in a lot of people if i just shrink a little bit and be a little more a little less confident. Then other people can relax. But i'll just tense up into this little ball.

So that they can they can have a nice day. So that they can have a nice experience uh. So that confidence has nothing to do with status hierarchy dominance or energy like how much energy is in your body you can be 100 confident in the middle of having the flu yeah you can still have confidence that has nothing to do with hierarchy it's a feeling of safety and i'm allowed to do exactly what i want to do i'm very confident and and safe in this environment if i take this action i know i'm going to be safe in the future. So it's a lot about safety and david you and i are going to talk about some chemical ways uh to engineer confidence uh at the seminar i know we don't have a whole lot of time to unpack the neurology of of leveraging uh chemicals uh actual stuff you put in your mouth chemicals uh to feel confidence.

But there's a whole lot of ways we can do that. But if if you wanted just a quick primer on how to start increasing your confidence today find wherever your your circle is wherever your little comfort zone circle is and just take one step out. So if your circle is like i'm i'm not very confident talking to strangers go do that go do that go stand at line at starbucks and compliment someone on their shirt that's it and just start there because your brain works on evidence. So if and here's and david i don't want i don't want to like derail this.

But our brain's working on past evidence. So i can only be confident in the situation if either a i'm in charge b someone told me i'm in charge or c i have a role an role role in this situation. So our brains looking for evidence that we are allowed to act that way you need to shut that off in your brain right. Away you don't need permission you don't need evidence you don't need a role if if you act this way this is how programmed human beings are if you act like you've got a million pieces of evidence other people are.

So hardwired to believe in evidence like you he would never act that way unless everyone treated him with a tremendous amount of respect we're. So hardwired to look. For evidence and permission to do things that if you start doing it with permission they will assume that everyone responds to you like like that. So the evidence does not need to be there no.

One is going to come tap you on the shoulder and give you a little pink slip and say okay. Here's your here's your permission to feel confident and just just imagine a scenario where you walk into a versace store i just went into a versace store in los angeles. Last week that like the a cheap belt like a piece of crap belts in this store was like 14 000 and i'm thinking like even if i'm a billionaire i'm not going to buy this crap. But somebody came in there and they were really nervous they were looking around and you can tell the people who know like someone's going to know that i'm in here and i'm not supposed to be in here because i can't afford anything.

But imagine that was you you're standing around you know you're not going to buy anything people look. At you suspiciously. But in all reality you're probably imagining that they have a suspicious look. On their face they probably don't care.

But if your boss gave you the company platinum card and said hey go down to the versace store right. Now and get a giant leather briefcase we've got a client coming in from out of town i want to give them a gift you're going to walk into that store with a completely different posture a different attitude everything's going to be different because you had a role you had a reason to be there and you had evidence behind it. But no. One else gave a crap about that evidence except for you.

So get rid of that today you need nothing to feel confidence you don't need the company platinum card and you don't need a paint permission slip i'll just leave it at that fantastic fantastic information and i think the uh the biggest piece and i said we see this a lot in identity by design and and some of the regression trainings that we do as well as in the influence track is this concept of an identity that we carry around and that that that identity or that persona that we carry around has i'm allowed to do this i'm not allowed to do that and those those permissions as you mentioned are basically arbitrary they come in through the through the outside world from our parents from our culture from our school teachers from the authority figures in our life and. So one of the big things that that we work on in in training is we work on on deconstructing that we call it identity by design for a reason and part of that is learning how to find those pieces of the identity that don't serve us that keep us from giving ourselves permission to take the actions that we need in killer influence for example one of the. First things we teach you is this concept of state control which is really about frame control it's about stepping into a persona or an identity state an ego state that has permission and a role to fulfill. So we have mastery commander we have the open heart trust trigger we have the rockstar meta frame and each of these is a combination of physiology and a way of moving.

But actual way of feeling and perceiving the world that gives you permission to be something other than what you're used to and. So we take a lot of the like like i always tell my students and i don't know if if this is something that might be useful for your people as well take an acting class specifically method acting because one of the things that that good actors do better than anyone is they have the ability to step in to a role they have ability that where they have permission to do or be or say certain things they wouldn't normally say. But their whole craft is geared around one thing to reach into your reality suck you out of it and pull you into theirs and. So we we borrow from these courses when we and we give you kind of the.

First four bullets in your batman utility belt you know it's the mastering commander technique which is all about a sense of comfort safety dominance and certainty the. Second one is rockstar metaphor which is more of a popular hey party boy let's go have fun let's go explore more of a dopamine driven kind of an energy and. Then of course we have the open heart trust trigger which is all about releasing oxytocin and flooding the system as someone who you can trust you can believe in and we guide you through these processes. But i think going to the deeper level the the information you were talking about is that it stepping into these states.

However you get there turns on your permissions and i think when we can give people back that that that understanding that they can give themselves permission that they don't need an external validation. Then you can basically become who you want whenever you want in whatever situation and affect your outcome yeah absolutely agree and one you know one of the things i wanted to ask you about that i think other people would really get some benefit from is just kind of the just kind of following on from what we were talking about with confidence here is self-worth and just this feeling of of what self-worth is because you hear a lot of people talking about net worth like what's that guy's net worth i'm gonna you know like oh here's this guy he's rich oh what how what's he worth i wanna i wanna talk about the difference between net worth and self-worth uh for you maybe not just the difference. But what self-worth has to do uh with confidence and in this mastering commander role that you're talking about okay. Well self-worth is all about what do i deserve you know what what do i deserve to have you know and you know john ashraf in his book.

Uh and are the movie the secret was talking about how you you can't out earn your level of self-worth or self-esteem i i guess that's true enough to be true. But i've seen lots of people make a lot of money whose self-worth was in the toilet. So i think that's highly contextual you know what is your level of self-esteem or self-worth in a given context and i one of the things i see over and over and over again is that the people who who who take their lives to the. Next level in terms of net worth ask themselves a very different question than people who don't um.

First of all and you and i were discussing this earlier is that people who tend to take their their net worth in a negative direction tend to invest in things they intend to vest in in external objects or trinkets that symbolize having a certain level of income or something like that they're trying to prove to other people in a lot of ways that they're worthy that they've they've they've made it. So to speak whereas people with a higher level of self-esteem and this this is something i learned the hard way it was one of the most painful lessons i ever learned if people want to hear that story i'm happy to tell it. But people who are high self-esteem people they basically ask two questions um and i'll actually paraphrase uh mark victor hansen he was standing in front of a room full of people one time and he was actually discussing the difference between uh to use your terminology uh low net worth people versus high net worth people he says low net worth people tend to ask how much will it cost whereas high net worth people tend to ask how much will it make me how much value will it add to my life what will this get me right. How will this expand what um what i my quality of life and richard bandler actually said uh as an analog to that richard bandler used to say you know when you evaluate yourself or you evaluate the relationships that you're in the.

First question you need to ask is is this relationship or this person adding value to my life now that doesn't necessarily mean money i mean is it intimacy is it connection is it support. However you calibrate that value is this person adding value to my life if the answer is no. Why are you in it you know one of our other mutual colleagues chris voss used to say no. Deal is better than a bad deal right.

Yeah. So we're going going back to this whole self-worth net worth conundrum if you keep getting what you've always gotten it's because you're not investing in you and. So a lot of times these little self-sabotage mechanisms will come up words like it's too expensive or i don't have the time or it's too hard these are all little little programs or little tapes that your neurology is playing to keep you from changing because like you said your neurology works on evidence right. And one of the things we talk about in hypnosis and you're probably familiar with this is the human nervous system sorts for what's familiar if you look.

Back on your history you have 100 years of not investing of running away of saying it's not worth it i'm not what you're really saying is i'm not worth it. First of all uh. Then that's what you'll tend to default to unless you marshal up the will to take an action and do something different and it's that discomfort that you feel when you make that decision to go forward that creates the ability for you to develop a sense of deservingness and a higher level of self-esteem because we've all had situations and maybe some of you can relate to this and maybe you can't you've all had situations in your life where you saved up for something right. You had this big cool thing you were going to buy and right.

As you were about to buy it the universe came in an emergency came up sucked that money right. Out the window right. But you've also had the experience of having just enough money to get all your bills paid maybe have a little left over for the weekend and all of a sudden some emergency came along some massive bill comes up that you don't have the money to cover and yet and yet you found it by hook. Or by crook.

You found a way to pay off that expense right. And it was the discomfort that you felt the the resources you didn't know you had that took. You from one level of being or one level of a situation to another and in that moment when you took. That action you became the person who deserved to have the result and.

So there's always going to be some discomfort in moving and leveling up now sometimes that's a physical discomfort from actually having to take an action sometimes it's a financial discomfort. But the bottom line is when you see an opportunity to level up you have you've come to the fork in the road you either do what you've always done and get what you've always gotten or you take the road less challenged and level up. So i think that's the kind of difference between high self-esteem people and low self-esteem people i think it's the difference between high net worth people and low net worth people and i think it's the choice that we have to cognitively understand. So that we can choose to become one as opposed to defaulting to the other and quote forrest gump that's about all i have to say about that [Laughter] also to quote forrest gump she tastes like cigarettes i'm not sure what i meant by that.

But i will say that i absolutely agree with you and it's like saying like i want to learn martial arts and. Then like you go to the studio and they say okay. You're gonna have to start stretching or you know doing some exercise and you're like oh no. Never mind i'll just check on youtube i'm gonna stick with youtube martial arts they don't make you strike anything they don't make you do anything uh.

So no. Matter what you're doing even if you're learning how to play the saxophone there's going to be some discomfort there's going to be a definitely a period of discomfort and it's the willingness to endure that discomfort i think is that it's the big separator between me i didn't have that growing up i did not have that discomfort tolerance i dropped out of high school and joined the military my friends went to yale. So i i did not have that i was like i'm not gonna do four more years of enduring anything and you could see like i. Finally found a mentor who kind of helped me push me over the edge and say you need to just undergo this discomfort because we know that's the end of it and this like when i found this this is the like if i go to the top top companies in the world i look.

At the top therapists in the world the best politicians fill in the blank it's it's always the ones with extremely high social skill they can read anybody they talk to they can they can make small talk they can have great one-on-one conversations they will always do better than the person with the perfect script whether like the formula that doesn't involve any social skills you just say these magic words and. Then a result comes out those social skills will always win like i can read people i can read the situation and i know how to communicate effectively not just hear some words to say uh otherwise we could really learn karate on youtube or you know whatever martial art you want i can learn gunfighting. But all i need to do is just subscribe to a couple youtube channels boom i'm an expert. But that's that's that's the thing like we know that social skills win every time that's what leverages up you financially they make more money they're more likely to get promoted they're more likely to get a shorter jail sentence or get out of speeding tickets get upgraded to.

First class win the job promotion win partners when they're out in bars and clubs in in the dating world that those skills matter a lot in every aspect they make you a better parent a better uh partner in a relationship uh. So i mean that's i think that was the biggest investment for me you know i'll speak for no. One else. But for me that was that seemed like every aspect of life they all had threads that would go back for everyone that i ever met that was successful had some of that social stuff unless the only exception was like somebody with like an iq over like 210 who maybe didn't have those social things.

But their iq just you know blew them out of the water because it's part of it most of the planet yeah absolutely and you know what's interesting is and again and yeah we you know we have a lot of parallels in our world. But we also have a lot of differences. But the thing i see over and over and over again is it's the ability of somebody who understands the social skill the soft side of things and going back to this idea of of trust and comfort and empathy and empathy is really the single biggest one of the single biggest factors in closing a lot of sales um and and it's actually one of the single biggest um indicators of uh for doctors for example uh there's there have been studies that have been shown that the the likelihood of a doctor getting sued for malpractice is directly inversely proportional to the amount of rapport that the patient has with them you know and and. So the more rapport and connection you have with people the more benefits you get there's there is no.

There is no. Scenario where the ability to understand humans know how they think know what's important to them and how to link it to what you want them to do to get them to want to do what you want them to do is not useful it does not matter um and and. So as long as we're human beings living in a society especially now with all the the fear-mongering and the the fear-based mind control and the psycho politics that's being leveled out the the person who understands this these skill sets at a deeper level rises to the top of the pyramid they become the apex influencer uh par you know par excellence and bar none and. So i think that's been true in my experience and i've had a very varied career you obviously very varied career.

But the one thing we keep coming back to over and over again is it's your ability to understand people and and create connection and trust in whatever venue or context you're working in that allows you to move forward in life and. So when you decide where to place or invest your time and energy and effort the more you invest in these social i skills these social identities and tools and techniques the more rapidly you're going to find that that return on the investment and you're going to automatically be more comfortable because you'll understand the environment that you're in. But not only understanding the environment that you're in you'll know what to do takes your whole your comfort level to a whole new plane yeah and if you have a chance to join david and i at our event coming up in orlando i sincerely and i will beg you and entreat you to do this because this is something i feel like i'm helping a friend this is a massive event that i don't think it will ever be maybe we'll never do this again i don't know. But it's five days of us not i'm sorry four days of us non-stop content and exercises and value the entire time we're not speaking separately in different rooms we're there together we're gonna have panels we're gonna have q and a's a ton of exercises uh and you'll get a chance to interact with this stuff and really level this stuff this stuff up this is the deciding factor for like 99 of our success in life not just financially and to level up how much we can get from a person how much we can get on a raise with our with our employer.

But just how much we get back from other humans and that's our biggest return on investment is what do i get back i can get financial uh i can level up my social skills and get instant financial results. But my biggest return is from other human beings and david i want to get your opinion on like what do you think is the biggest return for this seminar and. Then i want to ask you a question about the. First thing you profile when you see a person after that because i think this thing i've been wanting to ask you this for like two years.

So i want to get your answer to that after okay. Can you restate the. First part of the question because i was. So focused on the profiling part i kind of got a neat i got attempt for a psychologically induced deafness.

So i mean what do you think will be the biggest takeaway uh for the seminar coming up in orlando i think the biggest takeaway and and and it comes in three flavors and we call it the i3 mod. But what you'll come away with is a system a an integrated system that this the metaphor that i use for what chase does and what i do is kind of like and again this is a marshall metaphor. So please if you want to if you if if that offends you i'll find a different one. Later.

But i want you to think about the technologies that chase has created and the technologies that we've honed and refined over the. Last 20 years at nlp power and killer influence are like the bullets in the gun or how many people i know chase is a geek like me he likes comic books and stuff like that. So you know in the avengers they have this guy called hawkeye right. He can see things from a distance he can figure out where the weak points are and he can hit he can hit that bullseye from any angle right.

Using that bone hour. But the other thing about hawkeye has going for him is that he's got in his quiver all these specialized arrowheads for every situation and every circumstance. So that no. Matter what he where he's at or what he's doing he can observe the situation he knows what buttons to press and he has the exact right.

Tool to get the job done. So when you come to uh to the spycraft training that we're doing in uh in orlando in september you're gonna get the the the bow and the and all the arrowheads although that allow you to look. At a situation figure out exactly what's going on and get right. To the exact target you need to get to to get your outcome and.

So there's going to be a i'm big hands-on and the way we've structured this in case people were wondering um we've structured this where i'm going to be in the room the entire time chase is going to be an entire time i teach half a day chase teaches half a day we tag team we alternate we do drills we integrate this is going to be one of them probably one of the most intense persuasion and influence training seminars on the planet why because chase and i have one thing of the many things we have in common the other the most important thing is we're results oriented money walks [ __ ] our [ __ ] walks if our job is in those four days is to indoctrinate you in a good way into the most powerful systems of human profiling influencing methods on the planet and for you to come away with the exact tools and a system that you can apply in any situation any circumstance under any conditions and get your outcome right. Um we've been we've been like i said we've been doing this work for 15 20 years now from the killer influence side chases information from ellipsis and q prime and all the amazing work that he's done have added more bullets and more understanding and and depth to what's going on there is no. Training there has never been a training like this on the planet and i don't know that we'll ever do it again. But if you're serious and you know who you are if you're serious about leveling up about taking your skills to the jedi level right.

Or is to use one of chase's favorites the juggernaut level right. I encourage you to take by the way we have we're at 33 slots we've only got 17 left we have to max out at 50. um if this is something that you feel and again you know you're at that fork in the road right. You can choose to do what you've always done or you can level up you can take the. Next step and be there september 23rd through the 26th for one of the most amazing trainings ever um i'm excited i'm going just for purely selfish reasons to pick the brains of this guy because that's just name here you know i want to see him in action and and uh i guess i i came to his training.

First i'll be you know you know. So i'm going when people were asking me why are you doing this with chase hughes aren't you guys competitors no. No. We're complimenters you know there is a synergy here that probably no.

Other system has ever seen and you know for those of you who are interested uh some i think sarah was posting some links um in the uh in the chain or in the in the threads um would you guys like to hear more about this training type yes. In the chat if you'd like to hear more about it also coming up i want to talk about money psychology and what you think about that i want to talk about priming and what priming does uh and how you use priming and persuasion and i wanna i wanna see if you and me both could dispel some myths about covert hypnosis and give a couple of techniques and maybe you know talk about a little bit of like behavior profiling after this. First question like what do you look. For.

First and like what are your top two or three things that were big holy crap moments for you when you're learning uh behavior profiling and how people like how we can give this to you uh right. Away uh to take home today. So a lot of these skills i want to just give you a a ton of value to take home today something that you could i want this to be a master class for everybody as well. But david let me redirect this question again when you see another person uh and you are looking at them what is the if you had to just pick one thing to look.

For or one thought process that you have as you're analyzing or looking at a human being what would that be for you i think for me when i approach somebody the. First thing that i want to pay attention to is their orientation and. So what i mean by that is as i approach where does their venture orientation go and. Then depending on the range i'm at i will start to orient on posture uh ventral orientation and actually on the eyes.

For several reasons hey i'm looking around the eyebrow area because that's going to be one of the. First things that's going to signal this person's comfortable with me or not that unconscious hello that unconscious eyebrow flash is going to give me an indicator of how much work do i actually need to do. Then i'm going to zero in on pupil dilation as a baseline to see where they're at in terms of that. So i can create.

So i can monitor how towards or away from they are and. Finally like uh like you talked about i'm going to look. At blink rate i'm going to look. At how rapidly are they blinking are they breaking fast are they blinking slow as they start to unpack um or move into dialogue for lack of a better word am i moving towards that level of connection trust and sincerity that i need to get my outcome or am i moving away from it.

So those are kind of the. First things i orient on as i'm approaching that's great all right. So let me give you mine that's i i'm. So thrilled that they're wildly different okay.

So the. First thing uh i look. For i ask myself the question my number one question we know if we if any of you follow tony robbins one of his favorite quotes of mine is that questions drive focus. So i want to force myself to start asking this one exact question if you just start doing this this week it's going to change your life grab your pen if you've got one i'm going to give you a couple of things you can draw on a piece of paper or write down right.

Now absolutely change the way that you view people forever. So here it is this question is i'm. First contact with another person my number one question what do they want me to think about them how do they want other people to view them how are they trying to get me to view them. So if i'm at a stoplight and i'm behind a subaru that's covered in bumper stickers what do they want me to think like what what are those bumper stickers trying to say to me i'm adventurous i travel a lot i'm very athletic i'm in a lot of social groups i would be a very good friend to you i'm not threatening.

So there's they're saying. So many messages uh and even just a human being do they want to be seen as i'm non-threatening i am friendly i'm highly intelligent i'm perfect i'm very strong do not screw with me or i'm going to knock your teeth out that's kind of that's coming out like what do they want me to think and typically that's how i would be treating them at the beginning of the conversation in that way they want to be seen and at least that's how it's going to start and i think the. Second part of this if you take your pin and draw an up down left right. Matrix on your notes i don't know if i'm on the screen or not i still see the green uh triangle around david.

But while you're on the screen oh good. So if you draw up down left right. So up down you could say this is confident up top right. Down here would be insecure.

So if insecurity is the opposite of confidence confidence must be security security means safety right. So we have safety not safe and. Then confidence in security and over here is closed and open. So those i'm looking at where they are on this matrix are they in this little quadrant or this quadrant.

So are this their body mostly closed up like their lips their arms their hands our body is either closing or opening all the time like my eyebrows going up just when i said that is an opening gesture. So are they mostly closed mostly open mostly confident or mostly insecure and that is that's a game-changing way to start viewing people and it's something we can't do on the phone we can't do the open closed on the phone. But we can have the confident and secure matrix and how to want to be seen on the phone if i'm doing sales or persuasion over zoom or over the phone something you can absolutely do today right. Away excellent and it's excellent that you mentioned that the the the insecure versus comfort because it's uh there was a course i was reviewing based on a book.

Called left of bang which was based on the the marines combat hunter program where they're actually out looking for terrorists and it's very in line with uh with what they they're showing as well. So there's this commandant there's this universality to the true principles of human influence and profiling that um once we understand them gives us an unprecedented edge in in getting inside people's heads and figuring out what the i find it interesting though that that your profile begins with a question right. Because i kind of just i kind of interpreted your question one way and you went years was it maybe i didn't quite understand correctly where you wanted me to go. But i like the fact that you started with who does this person want me to perceive them as or who do they want me to be and that goes to the one of the.

First things that we're going to teach in in orlando from the killer influence system is called the i3 model which starts with identity right. Who are you what are you you know what are you projecting how are people interpreting the what you're sending out to the universe what are your what are your strengths what are your weaknesses it starts with a whole inventory of of what you are from a per persuasion perspective. Then it goes into i2 which is intelligence how much information can we gather about the subject because the more information we can gather about the subject the more targeted and the less we have to use a lot of influence techniques the ones we have have far more leverage and. Finally i3 is that whole idea of influence technologies or influence techniques.

So i think what's really cool is this idea of who does this and again i'm going to rephrase what you said in my way and if i'm if i if it comes across differently i apologize the question i have and ask is who does who do i need to be in order for this person to be who i need them to be to do what i want them to do. So you kind of invert that that form by saying who does this person it goes to your whole concept of social masks public personas versus private personas who does this person want to be perceived as yeah and i think you hit something on the head there that i struggled with for like a decade that i always thought that it's the question is what do i need to say it's always like where's the script where's the no. Magic words yeah where's the three by five note card with the exact thing on it that i need uh. But after a long time it's it's.

Finally understanding like who do i need to be to influence this person and that is a dramatically uh powerful game changer right. There for sure absolutely the moment you can step into a certain identity state and be something. Then everything you say and everything you do becomes extraordinarily congruent and that's the problem that's why lie detection works or doesn't work the more incongruent a person is the more the words don't match the behaviors don't match the postures or whatever the more we send these incoherent messages that flag us as doing something weird. But when you can step into an identity state a persona a way of being.

Then everything that you do emanates from the right. Posture the right. Breathing the right. Body feelings your tonality is right.

Your gestures are more congruent everything comes from the reptile brain or the lizard the lizard brain up and you can step into and and deliver a message with comfort and sincerity and uh well it's comforting sincerity in a way that causes people to just accept it yeah totally agree and what you were saying about the masks that's what i think is the number one problem therapists and persuaders ever have in their practice is that they sell and persuade the mask instead of the person wearing the mask amen amen and they don't know what a how to take off the mask or b how to see behind it to actually speak to the human and not the mask and there are situations especially if you're an interrogator where you want the mask to be on and you do want to talk to that mask and you even want to make it a little bit thicker maybe add some paint onto the mask. But most of the time you want to live back there behind that mask communicating to the mask. But treating them as if they were the mask excellent excellent and an actual distinction of metaphors excellent distinction because one of the things when i was you know studying you know i come to face reading and from a different perspective one of the things we talk about in in the face reading systems that i do is this concept of public personas or and and private personas and how in certain contexts especially business context it's important to talk to the mask while understanding the private person and knowing which to do when or what sequence to to stimulate those in gives you tremendous psychological and emotional leverage over a person's behavior and perceptions absolutely. So i think one of those things and that leads me to kind of the.

Next thing i was going to ask you about is how can if i know my outcome is here what are the things i can do to a person and i'm asking you as a student let's just say okay. I know my outcome is here how do i prime a person to start to make this kind of a byproduct or this is just kind of automatic if all the priming and all the seeds are groundwork is delayed from the beginning that's how i tend to view it a do you view it the same way and b what techniques would you might you use to to get someone in that scenario i think it depends on the context and what i want them to do versus where they want to go. But the more rapidly i can engineer the context where it's natural for them to want to go in the direction that i want them to go the easier it is. So everything is is really about.

First of all contact who i need to be naturally. But in that context who do i need to be right. And how can i align their selfish goals or their selfish desires with what i want them to do right. And one of the fastest ways that that we can use that is through like things like the echo technique and criteria values listation and variations of that um.

But a lot again it's very very context dependent. But as long as you can create an even in a story concept or context a scenario where these people will do things like in uh eric knowles work on resistance and persuasion one of the things that he found was the most effective way to remove resistance to persuasion was to tell stories that with which the uh the changes you want to make are embedded in the background it can prime people's behaviors can provide people's attitudes even if the attitudes they have going into the store are actually contrary to the protagonist of the story because human beings can't argue or won't necessarily argue with another human being's experience even if the character is fictional you can prime them to behave certain ways and change their razz by telling stories in which the broth the processes you want them to engage in are embedded within the background of the story. But also within the content or the the story itself and. So you can guide people through very gradual change work or attitudinal shifts.

But how you link your stories together wow yeah i love that and that's a wildly different answer than i would have given and i still agree with you 100 that that that is absolutely uh fantastic fantastic i'm curious just just. So i understand better and for the benefit of everybody here um what uh you know where you know again maybe it's better to drill down on a specific context because again the context in which you operated and were trained in where like this guy wants to cut your head off on the internet and you need to get him to drop dime on his compatriots right. And. Then of course getting into the more forgiving applications.

So enlighten us tell us you know your approach. So i think uh in i think mine may be universal which is a stupid thing to say obviously nothing is. But this was pretty close. So i want uh what's called and i'll give you a quick little micro lesson in neuroscience uh here for for you who who's joining us i want you to understand basically that our brain's electric and our brain is chemical and our brain is ancient.

So those are the three little things that we're really dealing with and in the brain it at the head of a neuron to get activated has to have an electrical stimulus the neuron as it's just kind of hanging out and chilling is sitting at around negative 60 millivolts which is called what's called a neuronal resting potential. So it needs a pretty high electrical charge to bring it above that threshold to make it snap and actually send about 60 positive 60 millivolts down the electron into the axon down and just kind of throw this cascade. But. But the moment it's been activated the.

Second time that you activate it it's easier and it requires less stimulus. So. So hopefully that makes sense uh just like i activate it once. Then the.

Second time i want to go for it it's like neuron fractionation your neurons are always being fractionated. So it's easier to do it. Second time. So if i can jam electricity and this is kind of what i really focus on uh for priming if i can jam electricity into an emotional pocket or an area of the brain like the occipital cortex where we store kind of visual information and stuff i want to jam it in there because the electricity acts as a residual force.

So that if i need to call that up again in just a few minutes those neurons are way easier to activate. So from the very beginning of a conversation i typically i may escalate something i call deviance which is not being like a sexual deviant or anything. But deviation from normal behavior i'm going to start escalating that from the. First probably 45 seconds of the conversation no.

Matter how long it is i'm gonna start moving this away until the brain's thinking over and over this is different this is different this isn't i can't really compare this conversation to anything in the past. So i need to pay attention to what's going on. So i kind of view priming from from a neuroscience electrical perspective i want to jam just kind of stuff some electricity where i want it to be. Later yeah it's interesting because when as you were describing that process the the mental dynamic that kept coming up was what in hypnosis and of influence we call the law of compliance where if i can inject information into someone and give them a suggestion or a direction and they follow it they become pre-disposed or primed to following the.

Next direction i give. So there's this fractionation idea that you're talking about um. But you're injecting it with this idea i'm gonna i'm gonna do something very different from what they're expecting. But maybe just a tiny bit.

So it's not too big and that's exactly how you apply that what we call a law of compliance is you give small directions or small deviations test to see that they've done it if they don't. Then you backtrack and get even smaller until they do start to comply and. Then degree by degree by degree do i agree you can lead them into a completely different set of behaviors that are alien to to how they normally do things yes. And you know where that's cognitive behavioral therapy you know where cognitive behavioral therapy came from i don't know if you know this or not um enlighten us it came from northern korea when u.s soldiers were being made to sign these petitions and say i hate the united states i hate america and it's terrifying to our country that they have some kind of technology to reprogram these people and when all it was was what we call now cognitive behavioral therapy guess what cognitive behavioral therapy used to be called it was called brainwashing washing.

So when someone says brainwashing they're actually talking about cognitive behavioral therapy or a different kind of also approved by the american psychological association therapy called aversion therapy those two therapies are also brainwashing and they're effective because we're brainwashing people to feel better we're brainwashing someone to think differently about an eating disorder we're brainwashing someone not to have any kind of depressive suicidal or or self-harm type of thoughts anymore they're effective if i can make you hate your country i can also make you probably not eat 16 pounds of cheesecake over the course of a weekend damn it oh sorry did that come out of me sorry. But you know what it's. So you know and again in uh you know in the killer influence man one of the. First things we talk about to your point is reasons why people fail that material and one of the.

First things is is that they think what they're doing is somehow unethical or that the influencing human beings is is is bad you and and the old the old chestnut is you can't not do it right. You're gonna. But. But influence doesn't care what vector or direction you apply it if you're a good person and you have good intentions.

Then you can use this as a powerful force to bring every good thing you want not just into your life. But into the lives of everyone you care about whether that's on a professional level in a therapy client relationship whether it's interrelational between your spouse and yourself you and your children it at infinitum right. The idea is the more powerful you become with these skills the more rapidly every level of your life gets easier and the more the more good you can bring into the world because the truth of the matter is you're no. Good to the world broke you're no.

Good to the world disempowered you're no. Good to the world unable to get the things you want if you want to share you've got to have something to share with or to share from these are the skills that allow you to do that once you get that bad wiring out of your head that for some reason exerting influence is somehow evil right. Yeah and i mean i had one person say uh something along the lines of like uh this is like if i smile too much during a conversation i'm being inauthentic and i like i'm always just my default answer inside my head and i'll just say this on here probably not appropriate. But my default answer is if you've ever held in a fart.

Then you're you're an authentic you are an inauthentic human being you've been deceiving everyone i think the reason we learn manners and say please and thank you and you know where our bread plate goes and our drink goes on a table those things are ways to show respect they're not natural ways of behaving because natural ways of behaving mean i might shake someone's hand and say wow you are really ugly and it's not very good to meet you we might just be that's authentic and authentic is bad because our society thrives on us being partially dishonest to help get the outcomes from other people if every therapist in the world was authentic they would just tell their patients i don't want to hear your my office i would just like you to send me a check yeah that would be it yeah. So on all of this stuff one of the things i wanted to talk about when it comes down to authenticity is that i i've always found that the ancestors are more powerful than family in life like the previous 2 000 generations of you and with your dna in them have more power over you than your mom your dad your teachers and every lesson you've learned in your whole life and there's this experiment which uh david i don't know if you remember this from uh virginia uh. But it was a these people would sit it was an experiment. But these people would sit inside of a room filling with smoke some speckers going off long enough to die and it was not just like a bunch of them 100 of people will sit in a room long enough to die of asphyxiation because nine other people who are involved with the experiment uh are actors they're just deciding to sit there.

So our ancestor says you do what the tribe does our training in elementary school and our parents and our our that firemen who came to speak to your eighth grade class tells you to get the hell out of there none of that makes has holds even a candle to what a million years of ancestors have jammed into your dna and you are programmed to obey the tribe around you. So that's why like my number one theory before anything else about persuasion and influence is good influence works because our ancestors needed to live amen all of those things that we can capitalize. First which we're going to really dissect from an evolutionary perspective how to hack into that thing. So like if it's hard to make somebody feel not depressed as a therapist imagine making someone using therapy techniques making a person sit in a room full of smoke until they're dead that's hard to do.

But if you can capitalize on utilizing the voices of ancestors you're a lot better than using the voices of influence and stuff like that i don't mean all influence it's bad what i mean is let's start by understanding the ancestral triggers because they're 10 times more powerful than what we learn throughout our life i i 100 agree with a little funny anecdote really quick i'll try to be brief. But it really does go to your point about the power of the group and something that we're going to be talking a lot about in orlando which is the power of confusion. So when i was in back when i was in medical school i was in my. Third year i was a four-year program taught in three.

So it was a trimester system and i was looking at my schedule and i was getting ready to go into my. Second year or my. Second round of clinical internships and i noticed that there was one class i needed to graduate and it was taught at a very specific time and the only way i was going to be able to make it work was if i got a specific time slot in my clinical rotations. So i said okay.

Well it's very simple i'll just get to the clinic early i'll register for that time slot and it'll be fine well do you ever have one of those days where you start off with the best of intentions and every [ __ ] thing goes wrong right. I get up i'm rushing out the door i spill something on my pants i gotta change i rush out to my car and my tire is flat uh i'm get the tire fixed i'm rushing to the campus uh and there's construction and i got a detour bottom line is i get to the clinic i think clinical rotations started at our clinical registration started around 12 p 12 8 12 p.m i get there at 11 45 there are 500 students ahead of me i walk into the waiting room of the clinic there's people everywhere there's people against the wall there's people sitting in the chairs there's people around the halls and i'm looking around going [ __ ] i'm screwed i'm like and all of a sudden boom my snyder sense went off and. So i started looking around and i found my friend matt now matt is very tall he's also very good looking. So i looked around i saw the chaos all around me it's 15 minutes to go time i don't want to be caught in a stampede.

So what do i do i yell at the top of my lungs line forms behind matt and i step and i walk right. Behind math just like i'm queuing up and every human being in the place lined up right. Behind me right. Out the door okay.

Matt looks at me looks at all the people lined up behind me goes dude you're scary and. So 15 minutes goes up they open around he walks up to the counter picks up the pen turns around looks at me and hands it to me says go ahead it's. So true that we're hyper responsive in crowds especially like we have things uh. So search youtube for this.

Later tonight write this down in your notes write this down actually pick up a pin right. Down write in the bystander effect and watch how our iq just diminishes into this little ball once we're around a group and it's not because we're stupid it's not because crowds are stupid it's because look. At a group of deer in the woods they can't all listen to everything in the same direction. So it just takes one deer to go huh like that and like they hear something and.

Then all the other deer wind up going huh because the. First deer does not because they heard something. But because one deer did it. So it kept us alive it kept our ancestors alive we're out in the middle of field grabbing a bunch of blueberries or whatever uh and a sabretooth tiger came along that was really really really important to keeping us alive a long time ago.

So that's why we're here and we're. So hyper responsive to a. First the. First person to do something in a group setting especially when it's strangers especially when it's strangers will always take the lead in people's mind and not a single person like david in your scenario in that hallway nobody even questioned it they were just like oh okay.

This is where the line is they're not making a conscious weighing these choices it's a social response to tribe you know tribe behavior and if and if you took. Charge of that tribe this goes right. Back to confidence what we were talking about a. Second ago david or that guy in the vest i'm guessing you wore a vest back.

Then actually i didn't there's an origin story behind the vest. But i did wear dragon colored hawaiian shirts that was that was my thing acupuncture school was awesome heavier that's in their brain that's inside the human brain where they're thinking he would never act like that unless he had a ton of credibility a ton of accolades and everyone else always does what he says and he shouldn't have a reason to do that unless he's doing that you know. So because nobody will do it we are. So hardwired to look.

For evidence and reasons and permission and roles anytime we're doing anything that we'll assume everyone else is. So the moment someone takes charge we're like oh they must have permission they must have permission from somewhere else because i would never do that without permission. So that's how easy it is to do stuff like that. So you don't need permission to go back to what we said earlier you absolutely don't and and one of the things that that uh the things that were going on in my head in addition to everything you've talked about when i looked at matt i hey he was easy to see he was tall tall people automatically had more authority plus he was really good-looking right.

And. So when i made the statement that i made if i'd have said line starts behind me they'd all looked at me and go [ __ ] you. But because i was actually scapegoating for matt right. Oh nobody in their right.

Mind would let somebody else be the head of the line must be true and. So boom instant credibility because i with certainty with comfort i said line starts behind matt and i i demonstrated the the desired behavior right. And they lined up just like lemmings it's amazing and what's funny is like neither one of us are vaccinated against that we can touch it all day and we're we may be a little uh one percent less likely uh to do something like that. But we're still there like that is.

So deep in there right. There you could have uh like brain shock therapy for an entire year you can get wipe your entire memory and the society tribal response it's still going to be buried down in there and that's one of the things i think is. So cool about what we'll be doing in orlando is we're going to teach people how to engineer and leverage those those deep level ancestral programs to really maximize your influence in minimum time. But the the secret to it is you've got to be somebody i think you said it better than probably anybody else and it was always in the context of i can take this you know uh youtube superstar um you know phd in influence and persuasion i can put him.

Next to charles manson or bill clinton who's going to get the sale right. Who's going to close the deal who's going to convince somebody to do something it's not going to be the phd it's going to be the person who is the wielder of influence not somebody who just knows a few techniques and. So that that being level is one of the things that we're really going to drill down on and and create as the platform for all of your other influence techniques in the in the four day yeah and within those four days we're going to walk you through a exact formula not just here's some cool theories here's some crap we read in psychology today magazine dave has been doing this probably since i i was pre-pubescent and and even myself i've been doing i passed the 30 000 hour mark a very long time ago in this field and we're going to give you results based not theory based not hey we think this might work for you. But this is what works step-by-step results-based stuff on how to trigger those ancestral responses and one of the things i really want you to take away from this today if you take away nothing else is that please write this down print it out put it on your refrigerator i do not need permission boom and i want you to take that out of like uh i'm sure somebody will say like something about dating or or like sexual assaults or something like that because that came up before what i mean is no.

One's going to come up and give you permission to act confident you do not need permission to be the 10x confident version of yourself you can do it right. Now there is nothing holding you back these beliefs you have about somebody i want you just to imagine i want to help you identify your top limiting belief right. Now while we're here in this in this video call if you just look. At the camera right.

Now or look. At your screen and see a person like in you're in an airport and you see someone with a thousand times the level of confidence that you have getting exactly what they want getting 10 times more than you ever imagined yourself getting what's your. First response to that person are they tricking people are they faking it are they being overly posturing whatever your. First response is is possibly your limiting belief about maybe how you should approach it.

So i can't act that way because it's posturing i can't act that way because and that might be one of those things holding you back from deciding to do it right. Now decide that tomorrow let everyone that you know let everyone that you interact with tomorrow be the person that asks you what the hell happened to you what changed what the hell happened why are you. So different you deserve it you absolutely deserve it and and don't think that like if you're not going to do it and like oh i'm going to make myself smaller. Then someone else will just take advantage and there's no.

Reason that someone else should have anything else uh more than you should you absolutely deserve it no. One's coming to save you and no. One's going to come and give you permission you've already got it if you need it for me here it is you've got permission excellent excellent point and the truth is is that you know chase and i have been we've been talking about doing this particular event for a couple two three years now it's been yeah and you know one of the things that is important about trust and permission is you give yourself permission to be somebody different be the person you want to be instead of the person society and culture have conspired to make you right. And it starts with giving yourself permission to do something different.

So we want to help you with that. So if you come when we come to you when you come to spycraft in orlando we're going to help you that personally. But we also want you to kind of we want to make it easier for you to to take the actions. So chase and i were kind of discussing how can we make this easier how can we allow you guys to kind of feel more confident going forward and and really support you um beyond spycraft beyond just the the four day event and.

So we put our heads together we came up with a special package that we think will help you to really supercharge everything that you get in the four days in orlando and like i said we only have 17 slots left we have a hard we are maxed out at 50 due to uh at that time when we made it when we made the um we made the reservations it was we leveled us out at 50. So uh if it's okay. With you i'd like to share with you the package that chase and i put together and kind of uh go through that with you if you want and. Then when that's done uh and i don't know what i don't know what chase's schedule's like.

But once we're done with that um i'm happy to come back and actually answer more of these amazing questions that i see uh coming up here. But before i move into that have you guys been getting value out of this has this been good type in the chat you know if this has been useful for you gold yep thanks everyone if we were to do these again these kind of amas together in the future do you think it'd be something you'd like to participate in type yes. Or yes. Oh cool excellent all right.

So again i'm gonna i'm gonna again in the interest of time i'm gonna i'm gonna kind of paraphrase a little bit what we've got going on we have a full copy of the syllabus on the web on our website i'll show you the link to go to that um. But let me just go through this really quickly and i'm gonna i'm gonna jump back and forth because uh some of these special programs and bonuses that chase has put together he's the expert on he's gonna explain what they're gonna do for you and. Then i'll show you my contributions and and we'll build on that. So without further ado i'd like to share with you um what i like to call our spycraft secrets of human influence super training this will be on september 23rd through the 26th at the orlando world center marriott 8701 world center drive orlando florida uh on day one we'll be talking about introduction to strategic human influence we'll be covering the i3 model the universal persuasion protocol uh four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence this is another one of those areas where chase and i's systems overlap dramatically again as you can see i'm not going to go through every single thing here.

But you can see chase is going to be teaching the. Second day he'll be talking about the brain evolution and how influence really works you'll learn his amazing six mx or six-minute x-ray skills for people reading and lie detection amazing amazing stuff if you wanted a fast quick and easy way to just instantly uh get a beat on people understand their personality you're going to get the deep dive into this you're going to learn powerful elicitation techniques i think there's like 29 of them these are ways to get people to give you information without ever asking a question that's day one on day two chase is going to pick up where he left off he's going to talk about applying people reading to your influence skills and the meaning of words exercises he's going to introduce you to linguistics and embedded commands behavioral entrainment and gesture reference and these are things that uh he talks a lot in his mastery program i have found gestural hemispheric tendencies to be amazingly powerful and you'll learn how to integrate that into the killer influence systems that i'll be teaching as well you'll be able to use and apply confusion these are level one techniques this is your introduction to understanding that human beings will do just about anything to get out of confusion and you'll learn how to apply those techniques out in the field actually. So. Then i'll be picking up with the seven most psychologically powerful patterns in human language how to integrate those in with the behavioral influence and techniques that chase has been saying we'll talk about the four fantastic four tactics of subliminal influence if you're going to tell stories if you're going to beginning to embed commands things of that nature you need to have these four techniques working in tandem to get the maximum influence in minimum time we'll talk about the emotional bonding checklist how to tap into a person's emotional reasons for doing anything you want that's the end of day two day three we're going to talk about the resistance removal formula how to make anybody want generate a reason for doing the exact thing they just told you they didn't want to do we're going to talk about them one of the most powerful interactive processes imaginable called the three magic questions that lead to liking trust and love it works perfectly with uh all the tactics that chase has been espousing in fact you can deploy them from within this and amplify the power of everything um in fact chase actually has told me he's used this in interrogations uh we're going to talk about proximity operators and nonverbal influence tactics how to manage the space and the gestural aspects of your communication to amplify and deliver congruent powerful messages consciously and subconsciously we're going to talk about mastering confusion methods advanced techniques and live demonstrations you're going to actually get to experience this chase is going to do demos you're going to break up you're going to practice this you're going to be given all kinds of really cool drills to really get used to delivering confusion as a way to open up a window into a person's unconscious and lead them through deviance and that's what chase was talking about earlier is injecting those small changes away from something different and guiding them step by step thin slice by thin slice through the behavioral changes you want them to make how to influence hacks how influence actually hacks the brain you'll get a deep dive into the neuroscience behind all the things that we're doing how to hack chaldini's principles if you're not familiar with these and you don't have his book.

Influence the psychology of persuasion when would now be a good time to bone up on that before you come to the training right. We're going to talk about negative dissociation and positive dissociation this is absolutely diabolical in terms of its ability to create an identity state in another human being that causes them to become the person you need them to be for them to do what you want them to do and they will move heaven and earth to be congruent with that new identity that you've created okay. You learn how to use compounded embedded commands with add-ons for efficacy i don't even know what that means i'm sure chase will teach you. But it's awesome right.

If it's anything like the stuff i've seen from chase before it's going to be amazingly cool chase will be starting up by seeing all about authority hacking how authority hacks the brain how to use authority how to assess authority uh evolution in our brains the fate model i love this um this is actually one of the most powerful things i've seen him put out it's fast it's easy it's effective and it really helps you to understand influence and analysis of human behavior discipline and the pendulum principle and. Then. Finally we're going to we're going to wrap up with kind of a tag team we're going to talk about state control to frame control the secrets of emotional contagion how to be somebody how to utilize that how to set a frame how to maintain a frame how to exude and radiate authority authenticity and charisma on command you heard me mention these at the beginning of our program the master and commander technique the rockstar meta frame the open heart trust trigger and of course for those interested in the traction applications or things of that nature we're going to talk about the four-fold metal frame these are all identity states that you can step into that once you understand how they're built you can just flip a switch step into them and all sudden you start giving yourself permission to behave in ways that are incongruent with the situation you find yourself in and getting your outcome we'll talk about renegade reframing and the art of conversation and belief change these are 14 patterns for destroying objections and changing beliefs during normal conversations okay. So that's what we've got planned and.

Then of course what will happen is the minute you guys get in the room we're going to take your temperature we're going to find out what you need we're going to find out what you want to accomplish and we're going to modify this curriculum just a little bit. So that every one of you walk out with exactly what you came for okay. That's our job to make sure that the people walking into that room come out with the exact skill sets that they wanted okay. So if you were to sign up at the door it would be 47.97.

But we're not going to charge you that in fact um for those of you who want to get one of those. Last remaining seats we're going to give it to you and chase yelled at me big time for this. So i want you to know that i took. A major major um tongue lashing for this uh it's 1990 we're going to let you not for 47.97 not for 37.97 not even 27.97 you can get it all for just one low installment of 1997. and all you've got to do to get that is to go the link is appearing in your link below.

But here's the cool part we want you to take action we want you to stop doing what you've always done. So you can get something you've got you've uh you maybe you've never gotten before. So we've put together some really cool extra bonuses and these bonuses are only good until we log off the webinar. So when we even chase and i sign off these bonuses go away.

So here's what else we've got for you for those of you who grab one of the few remaining slots you're also going to get uh this is one of the most amazing bonuses i was surprised that chase allowed us to do this this is chase u's behavior mastery coaching program chase has offered to give everyone who registers tonight on the webinar if you've already registered for spycraft call stephanie she will tell you how to qualify for this if you are brand new um this is for you okay. This is a one month uh trial membership to his 12 month behavioral coaching master class it's a 3549 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you combine the value of the seminar um with the total of this coaching program it was 83 000 it's 8 346. chase just real quick can you kind of tell people what they're going to get as as part of your coaching process during that one month trial what's it going to let them do yeah i apologize i think i've got the sun coming in here. But uh. But this uh this mastery coaching group is a very private group of people and an interview is absolutely required even if you get the mastery thing as a bonus today 100 you will go through an interview you will be screened before joining this program period because it's a private group of people we go through everything we go through how to use subsonic frequencies we go from a chemical level of what uh chemicals like external to the body influence human behavior and we're breaking down all everything that i ever teach in my life multiple times a week in study groups for an entire year of programming training and all this stuff that you could ever possibly want and influence and you're a part of this unstoppable community of incredible people and uh the master group itself is uh somewhere like uh thank you my assistant's holding up a briefcase uh at the window here you go sarah.

So this uh the master group is probably it's i want to always keep it under 100. So it's a small group of people we even meet up twice a year and once a year we have a black tie event in either the uh cayman islands somewhere or in cabo and it's usually in cabo this year it will be in cabo there's a black tie gala for charity benefiting wounded warriors and stuff like that. But the mastery group is bar none extremely advanced influence training uh very similar and very different than stuff you might learn with david and it's from my perspective of an interrogator a intelligence operations expert and things like that very cool very cool and of course uh. So total value is 8 348 i believe if i'm reading that correctly.

But he didn't stop there chase actually went a little bit further and he's given us a. Second bonus and this bonus is called the behavioral skills breakthrough home study course it's a six hour deep dive into some of the most powerful breakthroughs in analyzing and understanding and influencing human behavior this i believe is an immediate download. So the moment you register for the training uh stephanie will send your information to uh sarah sarah will give you access to this course it's a 497 value and we're going to give it to you absolutely free chase can you kind of give us a little bit of uh of an understanding of what what what goes on with the behavioral breakthrough training or the behavior breakthrough training the behavior breakthrough training is online it's self-paced and you go module by module and all of those things are very precise and calculated modules with no. Fluff and no.

Filler they're fully designed to walk you through the exact mindset to start seeing people differently right. Away and seeing the world as a behavior profiler and a behavioral expert instead of all the techniques. First i want to get your mindset shift. First and.

Then start giving you those techniques inside that module and that's what that module is it's mindset. First i want to see i want you to actually change the way that you see other human beings because you can learn all these techniques in the world if you're still looking at them from the wrong way. Then we're making a big mistake because nobody even when it comes to maybe i'm thinking about buying a ticket to this webinar or i'm making an investment somewhere we can only see or the landscape and make decisions based on our perspective. So i can't make for decisions in from the top of a mountain until i'm actually at the top of the mountain.

So i might pay this guy you might pay me to escort you up the mountain and. But once you're there at the top of the mountain you can see everything completely differently all of your decisions and focal points are going to change your your uh just the way that you make decisions based on perspective has a dramatic shift and that's what that course is designed to do perfect i'm getting excited just hearing it you know uh i've been i guess that i've been a fan of yours for quite a long time i've got quite a few of your courses some of you aren't even offering um. So i can you know and again most a lot of you come from chase's world. So you know the quality of the information you're going to get we're all about applying you know not just giving you the information it's about being able to apply the information and.

So that's the skill set that you're going to get. So this package is designed for people who once they've come out of of the four day with bristling all this cosmic power how do you get it in how do you get in the game how do you take action how do you make things happen. But we're not going to stop there because of course not to be outdone i had to throw in some stuff too. So with your permission i'd like to share with you some other things i've added that i think will help to round out what chase is giving you as well as giving you another perspective on some of the different aspects of these things.

So here's what we got for you we're also going to include one of my flagship programs this is called the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course stealth is an acronym believe it or not stands for strategic suggestion through emotionally amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis this is going to drill down it's going to teach you the seven state the six stage universal persuasion protocol it's a formula that you that allows you to go from any situation any circumstance from the boardroom to the bar room to the classroom to the therapy room to the interrogation room to the jury room to the bedroom right. It teaches you step by step not only how to set an outcome. But how to control your state i'm sorry it's going to teach you that that six step universal persuasion protocol. Then it's going to drill down into the seven most powerful language patterns that exist if it were possible to make what would you do if you had the power to make anything you say mean anything you want in the minds of your listener do you think that would be a useful skill to have there's a language pattern that will do that perfectly what if you can make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener would that be a superpower to have we're going to show you the simple language patterns that allow you to do that um.

Second of all we're going to teach you how to redirect a person's internal focus of awareness. So that and their mind begin to automate whatever you want in any direction that you want it's just one language pattern can do all that even when you know it's being done right. Uh and. Then what if you have the ability to make the internal pictures and movies a person is creating in your minds exactly match what you describe there's a language pattern that will do that when you combine these you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts it makes everything you say extremely compelling absorption and facility absorption facilitating and it allows you to leverage everything that you're going to deliver from the other programs we're also going to teach you instant and rapid inductions and as well i believe there's also a short course on lie detection as well as six extra videos on me teaching these language patterns into a live audience.

So it's a 997 dollar value we're going to include this as part of our fast action bonus and. Then. Finally for those of you who want a little extra total value now is is uh 9840 bucks we're also going to include a free vip super ticket this will give you a free admission to any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar as long as you meet the requirements chances are if you've been through chase's trainings you've been through some of our previous trainings um you'll probably do that this let me explain a little bit about our vip super tickets um this ticket does not expire. So if you're one of the.

First 17 people to grab one of the few remaining seats for spycraft today you're going to allow yourself uh to come into the head of the line of any training whether it's identity by design whether it's our cpi or killer influence programs uh it takes you two years to get to a training if you're like say let's say you're in australia or you're in europe or the uk and you can't get here well that ticket doesn't expire. So you have a free admission to any single live event of your choice until you use it if you want to gift it to somebody. So they can come to an event you can do that if something comes up at the. Last minute let's say you're getting ready to come to an event all of a sudden there's a new round of covert restrictions or your boss is a jerk and doesn't want you doesn't let you go or there's a death in the family all you do is pick up the phone you let stephanie know we'll move you to another training let's say a training is filled up let's say it's you've missed out on all the early birds right.

And you want to come to a training if you have this vip super ticket we'll find you a seat we'll move you right. To the head of the line let's say you want to come to a training in uh europe for example where everything is in euro or pound sterling and you know there's a big price difference an exchange rate between what's going on in europe and the price range we have here doesn't matter you get to come to the head of the line. So this this is your ticket you have it until you use it it gets you admission into any single live event of your choice it's a 2 250 value because that's what we charge at the door now total combined value if you looked at everything we talked about is over twelve thousand nine hundred and ninety dollars. But we're obviously we wanna give you the best deal money possible you already kind of had a primer on this we're not gonna charge you twelve thousand and ninety bucks we're not going to charge you seven thousand three hundred and forty we're not going to charge you 47.97 which is at the at the door price by the way if you wait until the.

Last minute and show up provided we're not sold out that's what you're going to get 40 47 97 to get those four days. But we're not going to charge you that today we're not even going to ask you for that today okay. We're not even going to ask for 33.47 we're not going to ask for 23.47 as you remember from the the previous slide you get it all for a little one-time investment of just 19.97 if you know you want to go maybe cash flow is a little slow all you got to do we can break that up into three easy installments of just 697 uh and you can start downloading the bonuses today all you got to do to get started is go to www.nlpower.comforwardslash shi if you see a different url in the chat don't worry if you just follow the links it'll take you to the same page www.nlpower.com forward slash shi click on the enroll now button and you'll be able to do that okay. So go ahead the link is link should be in the chat and.

So for those of you who may have been uh having bladder issues what i'd like you guys to do is go ahead and let's take a uh what do you think chase you wanna give him like a seven minute bathroom break and. Then come back and start answering more questions yeah i will have to be going here in just a bit. But uh i mean it's great what i think uh might be a beneficial thing is talk about money psychology right. When we come back okay.

Let's do that let's do uh let's do a five minute break and. Then the amazing chase hughes will discuss money psychology we'll see in a bit. So the question was asked is it possible to attend remotely we're going to work on that right. Now as of right.

Now there is no. Remote option if we work out the tech and and the stable internet connection and we can effectively um generate the same quality of training uh. Then we will we will let people know about a possible remote option. But as of right.

Now we're not offering one you got to be there if you can okay. Um i don't think chase is back yet um. But i have a bunch of cool questions okay. For those of you who would like a remote option call stephanie call stephanie at eight five eight three two four six six three and she will start to put a list together if we get enough requests for the remote option now you get now to qualify for the remote option you actually have to be unable to attend in person okay.

This is what we call a hybrid event which means um if you are physically prohibited from attending live. Then we will we will if we have enough people who are requesting it. Then we will work on putting together a lot a remote option for you. But as of right.

Now we're not um we're not going to be offering that unless we get a ridiculous number of people who actually want it um and you hand and again there's a vetting process that you're going to go through um it's not about doing it remotely just because you don't want to travel it's because you can't travel okay. So um i gotta we're gonna talk about money psychology i think this is something that that that chase and i um had a big discussion about um when we were kind of going over our plan for today and i think it's something that is relevant to all of us it's something that i certainly have classes on it and we all are at different levels of that work. So um i think i'm going to open the floor i have a ton of really good questions here i don't know again i know chase's time is very valuable we've been on almost two hours a little over two hours already um. But i uh a pardon my french a [ __ ] ton of questions here that people want to ask.

So uh without further ado let's talk about money psychology and how we can start to affect our money psychology to become more of the person we want to be and have the resources we need to do things like spycraft and chase's advanced mastery trainings which i also want to do and buy cool planes and travel around the world chase the floor is yours all right. Is the am i on now you are totally on i'm a little fuzzy. So one thing i i really want to say is that i struggle with this for a very long time i was struggling with money psychology on making investments and on spending my money on developing myself and asking for money and until somebody asked me one day do you think your stuff changes people's lives i said 100 i've i've seen all this stuff and it it really changed the way that i view um offering this stuff to anybody that i view it as an imperative that if i care about you as a person i want you to have this i do not want you to fail and in the. Last probably two years in setting this up i've gone from i need 800 to pay a bill because i retired from the navy i did not write a resume because i knew that i would probably wind up using it i would be a government contractor somewhere.

So i wrote no. Resume i went from worrying about eight hundred dollars to now i'm in wichita kansas going to the cessna factory to look. At planes to buy uh in a couple weeks and i'm talking about an actual plane that holds like 10 15 people and the big difference that was made was in the way that i think about how i'm growing and what's happening. So i made investments in the military and when i was younger i would buy a cool car i would buy a house i would buy all of these things that gave me almost nothing.

So even if i spent like 100k right. Now on a piece of property after seven years or eight years and we pay off the interest and the debt starts to you know kind of go down a little bit and i. Finally sell that thing after eight years i have made maybe like 37 grand even in today's market where it's really good i've made 37 grand by spending a hundred thousand dollars on a good real estate investment. So after eight years i've made the income of a walmart employee and i'm excited about an investment and i never and that sounded okay.

To me they're like okay. Maybe if i just work my ass off for eight years i can make the same amount of money as like 37 grand which sounded. So sound and perfect and logical to me at the time and i never understood that investing in me and changing who i was and changing my capabilities which i can't do on youtube and i tried like you're like oh let me just go i watched some youtube videos about this and. Finally my mentor told me a story about how monkeys get caught or trapped for sale in africa that they would put like a hard object like an apricot mostly an apricot or a fig inside of a glass jar and the monkey would reach in grab a hold of it and he'd be running around with this glass jar on his hand for days and it would make him a thousand times easier to catch.

So what happens is this monkey reaches in he doesn't want to let go of this one little thing he has because that's his only way of life that's exactly how i was living my life i don't want to let go of this thing because i don't know what's ahead of me and that's what a lot of people are going through that a lot of us especially me i had to let go of this one thing. So i could take hold of exactly what was going to make me better i want uh i wanted a better life. But i didn't want to let go of this little apricot. So that's what i'm kind of asking you to do today is to make the same shift that i did that this tiny thing right.

Here is something you can let go of somewhere else and take charge of who you are take charge of how much money you make take charge of the results that you're getting in your entire life this is a big shift this is a transformational shift for some people viewing it as a price instead of an investment and that is the biggest shift that i ever made in my entire life uh was to reach over and just grab something that was going to make me better as a human being and taking control of my results and the way that i change the world around me is is going to determine the income level that i can make i could buy a jet right. Now and i never thought that was even possible i just thought i'll never be one of those people that that's not real those that kind of live up in the clouds there it's not a real possibility for anybody. But that changed with my psychology it didn't change with going to college it didn't change with anything except for understanding how investments work and knowing that i am the principal thing that i should be investing in me me me not the house not the car i can go go buy a really fancy porsche and make people think that i change the world make people think that i have an impact on the world i can go get the gucci belt or the versace belt whatever the hell we were talking about earlier and trick people into thinking that that's true. But i would much rather have the capability to buy the entire store than the capability to buy one belt and the moment that i got to a place where i could go buy a store or i could go do any of these things the roll mentality remember we talked about like your boss giving you the platinum card earlier that's there 24 7. not because of the money.

But because of the investments i've made in me and i've leveled up to a place honest to god that has changed my life completely to where i can take care of me. Finally because i have had. So much investment in me in these precise things that i wanted to level up i knew these were high leverage things i let go of one thing one time and made that. First kind of a leap of faith and i went down to let that go.

So i could take charge of exactly who i am and the impact that i'm making on the world i am only saying that even if you don't do this do something else for you do it for you and make sure that it's an investment in something that's going to change the way that you impact the world around you because that's going to bring you the most success and understanding that price and investment are two very different ways of seeing the world price versus investment. So we have high net worth and low self-worth i would much rather invest in things that are going to make me high self-worth which is going to make me high net worth. Later on in my life where i can go do the things that i want to do if i want to immediately tomorrow go jump on a plane and go to germany provided there's no. Covid like stupid-ass covid stuff going on i can do that that's what i wanted i wanted that freedom to do exactly what i want when i wanted to do it and that 100 came down to human factors.

But not just my ability to influence others my ability to influence me and change my psychology and that was a big shift for me david uh i can't agree more i really can't one of the things that uh and i think you said it very eloquently was that if you don't do this what do you know. Then do something my one of my mentors lisa sassevich used to say well if you're not gonna do this what do you do instead you know what other what other opportunity are you gonna have that's gonna give you the skills that are going to keep paying you they're going to keep returning on your investment for the rest of your life you know uh i and one of the challenges that we have is that we we we see the world a lot of us and it's this is true for me and i i'm judging from what you were saying it was relatively true we see the world from this place that we were indoctrinated and programmed into thinking about oh that 37 37 000 is you know big money from this lower perspective. But these high self-esteem high net worth people they don't they don't see the world that way they have a different set of filters around what they're doing and and. So you have to if if you want something different you've got to do something different right.

And i always tell my students that for everything you get from us and i'm pretty sure it's true in chase's role please correct me if i'm wrong. But for everything you get from us you're always going to pay twice the. First the. First payment is the easy one that's the revenue that's the money because you can always make more money right.

You can always make more money it's the. Second investment the investment of time energy effort to do the drills to get the skills that takes you from access to ownership and once you've made that. Second payment you have a skill set that will continue to give you a return on your investment for as long as you choose to use it in any situation in any circumstance where you need to come out on top when you need a win whether it's a win-win or a win losing you need to be on the winning side these skills will be there for you it'll give you it'll give yourself permission to be the person you want to be rather than the person that the universe and circumstances programmed you to be right. Take that step take that leap click the links get one of those few remaining seats and let us help you take the road less travel let us help you level up can i add to this yes.

You say something yeah can i add to this like if you live near a wealthy neighborhood let's say within an hour of a neighborhood full of wealthy people or you see them on youtube or you see them online you're going to start see a trend that they're all kind of enjoying their life and here's the number one problem in money psychology and i don't think i've ever heard this before that you're gonna you're gonna your brain is gonna automatically put together the things that they have money and now they're happy and now they've got the life figured out. So money gave them what we talked about earlier money is the thing that gives them permission to act the way they do now to where their their high uh self-worth they value themselves really highly i guarantee you 99 of those people you go drive through that rich neighborhood that lives near you you'll see people waving at each other or you don't see it anywhere else you'll see people interacting with each other easier to start conversations because they're high self-worth people. But the number one problem in money psychology that i had to get over personally that i also see in lots of other people and i'm i'm treating this call right. Here as if i'm talking to you in person begging to change your life right.

Now with nothing else here please stop seeing it as they have money and now they're this way it is not that way in real life i just had dinner with dr phil uh a few weeks ago i've had dinner with all these hollywood celebrities all week. Last week there is no. Correlation there that they become self high self worth and they they become high social skills high everything else. First and the money comes after and.

Then we see them and think oh the money is the reason not they became that way and. Then the money came that was the biggest shift for me and i can't speak for you i don't know if it's true for you. But that was definitely it for me i went to the i drove through a rich neighborhood i drove through one of those high-end wealthy neighborhoods and i automatically thought they're only happy they're only interacting with each other they only have good social skills because of the money and it was the opposite it was always always the opposite they didn't change i had to change to see it differently and that was the probably the biggest lesson that i can impart to you even if you don't accept it fully right. Now try it on for a few days and try that mindset on that once i become a little bit different i can start gaining some reward from becoming different and and i don't speak in terms of universe and energy like david does ever you will never hear me do that.

But you will david. But i think you're attracting something into your life you're allowing something to come into your reticular activating system you're allowing something to come into your awareness and most importantly most importantly write this down please into your deserving and your capabilities the breadth of your capabilities and what you're capable of doing what you're capable of charging people if you run a coaching business or anything else those capabilities change when your skills and understanding of human behavior change amen i'm just human behavior as those people out there i mean you i'm talking about you your understanding of you and being able to change your own psychology i hope i'm doing this for you right. Now with nothing else attached to it no. Strings attached i want to change your life right.

This minute val right. Now please type in the comments let go we're talking about letting go of this thing don't even. But if you don't buy this ticket you don't come to our seminar you don't make this investment today please type let go in there just make that decision to let go one time make some investment in yourself even if it's a small one and even if it's something you have to stretch and you know you're you're throwing your hat over the fence i've got to climb over that fence i'm going to force myself to do that and i know those results are going to be there if you had a winning lottery ticket and you knew it was going to win how fast would you scratch it and go cash it in the reason we don't the reason we leave them on the counter put them somewhere is because we're not certain we don't have any certainty of positive outcomes which was exactly what we talked about with confidence i'm sure that something good is going to come that things are actually going to work out and that's the biggest difference every time that i made a big investment i took. Out massive loans i have zero debt right.

Now. But i am telling you my credit score was in like the 500s for a decade or. So i took. Out.

So many credit cards to go to these courses these seminars everything i could to change the psychology i'm giving you the best stuff i've ever learned in my life right. Now as fast and like quick fire as i possibly can because i do want to change your life even if i never meet you in person if i never see you i want you to just leave this meeting even if i'm sitting on your ipad on your kitchen counter where you're cooking chicken i hope this absorbs into your brain as you're watching this because i do want you to walk away from this differently than you are right. Now wow how do you fight i can't follow that. So i'm not even going to try that was probably one of the most inspirational messages um that i've seen and heard and i know it's true you know the the biggest changes i've ever had were when i invested in myself and i remember the.

First time i i went i wrote a check literally i took. A cash advance on my uh my credit card for 18 000 to join a mastermind uh yeah yeah it was it was the biggest i don't i don't know that i'd call it a leap of faith it was just something that i knew had to be done for me to take my life to the. Next level and one of the things that that inspired me was that the lady that was a part of this panel had said she had done exactly the same thing she was scared she didn't know if she could do it. But she knew it was the right.

Thing to do. So she literally got a cash advance on her on her visa card wrote the check for 18 000 and in three months she made it all back and just kept going and even though there were people on the panel who had made a lot more money than this lady had there was something about what she said that certainty in herself that knowing that this was the right. Step to take and. So i did the same thing i wrote a check i went i got i wrote a cash advance on my i think it's a 17 on my visa card right.

I wrote a check for 18 000 because i wanted to do that i wanted to take my life to the. Next level and within three months i made it all back and my revenues just kept going ever since now what changed was it my life circumstances no. I was in more debt than i was when i started what changed was that crucible that moment when i when we all say to ourselves we deserve it we're giving ourselves permission to take that step and that's what we're gonna do for you we're gonna we're giving you that permission give yourself that permission go ahead and click one of the links in the chat before we uh before we have to sign off um and i'll follow up can i follow up on that. So i uh my mom uh i had a great mom uh growing up still have a great mom no.

Matter what i'm gonna try i'm trying to i was trying to breathe through my nose i'm starting to cry talk about this. But i had a really great mom growing up and no. Matter what was going on i would text her like i'm out of money or i would text her x y and z she would always write me back uh maybe sometimes in a letter i was on a deployment bloom where you're planted that was her thing she always told me bloom wherever you're planted and she meant well and i think it's very good advice for most people uh. But it also kind of trained me into thinking that i can't change the soil i can't i'm a person i'm not a tree i can change the soil that i'm in i can choose i can make take a gigantic risk because this soil is great the soil is wonderful here there's wonderful soil way over there.

But if i get up and move over there that's a risk that's a massive risk. But if we are talking about being able to bloom where we're planted that seed goes down a little seed of an oak tree goes down into this into the soil what's the. First thing it has to do has to do before it starts becoming an oak tree the moment that it decides to become an oak tree it stops becoming a seed it has to completely cease being what it was to become what it's eventually going to grow into and that quote has served me most of my life until i got to the. Next phase just blooming where you're planted is a wonderful way to have that tremendous sense of gratitude and control over what you're doing right.

Now until you get to the point where you're ready to change your soil you're ready to stop living in one part of this area take a risk get it up and walk exactly over to where i eventually want to end up and that's what i'm trying to do i want to change your entire life i want you to talk about me i want you to talk about david forever i want you to be able to to look. Back at this this even if if just this one webinar that you're looking at and people on webinar just want to like sell the [ __ ] out of you even if you don't do this if you decide to do it somewhere else i want this to change your life i want this to be the moment that i say i'm not going to be a seed anymore i'm going to make this transition or i'm not going to live in the soil anymore i'm taking a risk and i'm going to set course for exactly where i want to go amen amen brother hey uh that's uh how much time do you have left for us chase i mean i mean i know you're busy. So i can do uh probably about five or ten minutes 15 minutes okay. Well let's go ahead and uh and just get to some questions we'll try to answer them as quickly as we can um this.

First question um is from uh let me see if i can find it again well i'll just here we go um what are the top three things we should know about persuasion and how to be good at is this for me yeah i think you should answer this too dammit well i'll chime in after you okay. So i think the top three things are understanding how we see people how we communicate and how we subconsciously transmit messages. So seeing people understanding how to read people understanding how to communicate to anybody and. Then understanding that who i am when i'm off camera if i'm a different guy off camera like like we shut off this webinar and.

Then i go back to being some [ __ ] or or some different human being that's a big deal and that stuff really does come through if i'm sitting here saying you need to make your bed you need to have more discipline in your life and i'm not doing that in my own life that's a big deal and that comes through in your nonverbal communication and keeping in mind that every human being has been reading body language for millions of years this is how humans talked before language existed we're born we are born knowing how to do this and we can't really put our finger on it because that part of our brain doesn't speak english. So the biggest thing we can do is mitigate and manage how we live when we're off camera when nobody's looking are we the same person and are we the person that we portray in real life because if i'm portraying some somebody who's got all their [ __ ] together and somewhere else in my life i've got a pile of bills my sink is full of dishes i have long piles of laundry that i had to do for for the past three weeks that i put off and put off and put off. But i try to look. Like oh i have a job interview now i'm going to look.

Like i'm put together that is a big deal because we are sending unconscious signals of non-congruence. So i think if you remember right. At the beginning of this i said persuasion should always start if i'm planning to persuade someone at the earliest point in time. So as far back as i can go.

So i'm going to go back to these nonverbal signs of i'm not congruent i don't mean really what i say that that's what gives people what we would call a gut feeling like we have a conversation there's like you know i talked to that guy everything looked great on the outside. But something didn't feel right. Something was off something was was unusual about that that's our mammalian mammal brain sending a signal that says yeah don't trust them. So those are the three observation communication and unconscious signals what do you think i think i think you're spot on you know one of the things that we teach is that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of and.

So the fastest way to change the bot of feeling in another human being is to change yours. First and the way we do that is through physiology and you'll learn about this in orlando through physiological state control what we call volitional state control. But it's all about being somebody and and going back to this whole idea of congruency and how do you generate and portray maximum authenticity within the context and the identity of the person you're interacting with what can you observe about these people what do what do you know about them you know what are their what masks are they showing you what do they what do they want to be perceived as who do they want to be and how do you how do you work with that. So a lot of it is you know who you are as a person your identity the information that you can extract the ability to pay attention and.

Then the ability to inject influence whether that's at the the deep subconscious level through the body like you're talking about whether it's at the emotional level whether it's at the linguistic level. But we just like chase was saying we need to start at the most fundamental primordial levels the the lineal the genetic level i guess is a good way to say it and if we can start leveraging our influence in our technologies from that that base up everything lines up and you get this maximum comfort permission and authenticity uh within the context of which you've created it. So i think once again who you are you know who they who they who they who do they think you are who are you who do you need to be for them to become the person they need to be and what are the influence techniques or the the intelligence gathering that you can do that tells you how to navigate that map and align what they want with what you want and. Then ultimately the tools of influence that you use to get there.

So that's the i3 model in general and and i think that's where everything has to start i love that model because i got my start thinking about that model and i think it's more important to have that model in your subconscious running in the background than it is to like put it out on a sheet of paper before i have a business meeting. But to fully comprehend that that i3 model that you have this is why for you this is why david is is the best in the world at what he does he will absolutely change your life because these are the concepts he's hammering into your subconscious throughout the entire training to make you a different person not just give you different techniques. But to give you different thought processes and skills because information and skills are very very different amen bro yeah it's all about skills at the end of the day it doesn't matter what you know it's what you can do yeah and you've talked about that many times and every time you say it i want to stand up and say testify bro because it's absolutely true you can you can i i there are two kinds of people people who take action and those who are chronically over trained right. And we want we want you to be the people who can actually do right.

Uh quick question from one of our our mutual associates the amazing jonah mross asks how do you recommend we use hypnosis to augment behavioral profiling and influence skills not using it on others. But using it on ourselves for enhanced skill development. So using hypnosis on yourself and understanding your behavioral profile i think that's what he's asking yes. Right.

Okay. So i think understanding your behavioral profile and i use it i use the behavioral profiling with hypnosis i rarely do any clinical work uh here i'll be doing clinical work on a family member uh tomorrow uh. But that's kind of like the only time i do clinical work is a family or friend has kind of an urgent emergency or something happens. But the way that i use it in other people i think is the same way you can use it on yourself.

So since everyone's here to influence other people most of us i'm going to give you that example and i'm going to let you extrapolate exactly what i mean and if i need to clarify i certainly will. So here it is the moment that i profile a person the. First thing we talked about this a bit ago is what do they want me to to feel like i'm using that to set up a prefrontal frame i'm using that to set up the pre-talk and induction of hypnosis based on what they need from other people what they need to hear the words the sounds the movements that they need to see from me based on whether or not they're confident or closer down here to the unsure insecure kind of side which is fine for both i don't judge either that makes a massive massive difference following that i need them to make a decision. So knowing which how that person makes decisions and there's six ways according to me.

Anyway there's six ways that somebody makes decisions and if i want them to make a decision under hypnosis they're still going to make it the same way that they do when they're standing in best buy picking out a flat screen tv. So understanding how they make decisions is affecting whether or not i'm doing certain things in hypnosis. So if i'm writing a self-hypnosis script for myself i'm including all of my behavioral profile the trick is to make sure all of your friends and the friends that are going to tell you you're full of crap if you're full of crap also agree with that behavioral profile before you start uh developing that script and uh hopefully that answers that thanks jtr for that question that's that's actually really cool because one of the exercises that we do uh part of the i3 the identity level is what we call personal branding because everybody moves through the world with this idea of who they are versus how they want to be perceived and. Then there's always a discrepancy between how the world perceives you and how you think you're being perceived.

So we actually go through these question and answer processes where people literally get hardcore real world. First impression feedback from each of the individuals. So they can see who they are versus how they want to be perceived versus how the world is perceiving what they're attempting to send out and the whole idea behind that is to get congruent. So that the extern they the the image matches the impression.

So to speak because many times what we think sends a certain type of message actually doesn't and until you're until you have the uh the tough love kind of feedback to realize how what you're doing is being perceived you don't actually know what direction to change. So again feedback is the breakfast of champions. So i just when you were talking about this idea of going out to all of our friends and does that behavioral profile match it just sent up a flag for me because that's exactly what we're doing in i3 when we're doing the personal branding exercises and things of that nature. So it's really cool um here's an interesting question that um this is from michelle um says i'm a bit confused about these techniques how would one use them along with rhetorical ones um there are political and social actors who seem to be able to use rhetorical speech without professional body language and convince people to believe things that are not reasonable can you speak to that hopefully i read that well i think if i could answer that in like just a couple minutes i would be the richest man alive yeah really uh.

But i will say that anytime someone is defaulting to a technique of using rhetorical statements i'll teach you. First how to completely shut them down and disarm that technique. But. Second i want to iterate uh how behavior profiling fits into that.

So number one if someone is using a technique against you to make you feel a certain way here is two-step process for how to defeat it if you're in a courtroom a court of law an argument doesn't matter this is i teach jury selection and trial consulting for a living and i have a 300 percent money back guarantee if i lose the case 300 and i'm not cheap when it comes to trial consulting. So this is one of the techniques that i give to lawyers if someone's using a technique on you like rhetorical questioning or things like this all you do is say that's interesting how you're using xyz technique and i'm sure that makes most people do xyz how they want you to respond to it or you say something like i i recognize that i remember when someone taught me xyz technique to make people feel xyz and i'm sure that works most of the time. But i want to have xyz conversation here. So you bring up the name of technique what it's designed to do and.

Then kind of come back to the conversation and that's exactly that disarms the entire thing you're taking it out of this little dark concealed space and pulling it into the sunlight where i am literally bathing in uh as as the sun sets here i've got a giant uh piece of sound proofing board here uh blocking the sun from my face uh. So the. Second way here when we're in a conversation someone's arguing with us or something like that is to understand that number one that person has good intention number one step one no. Matter how weird or stupid their argument is to you they have good intentions.

So you complement that. First you start from a place of agreement you said completely agree with it really seems like you want to do x y and z or you really care about such and such i absolutely agree with you and you always want to start from a place of agreement following that you say you know you really seem like the person who blank blanket blank and that's where i'm going to profile that person's needs their insecurities and their decision-making process which i had a ton of i wish i had a ton of time to go into that because i could never get tired talking about this stuff i've been doing it for 20 years i'm still pumped about talking about this stuff i don't know why david is too i have not ever once gotten tired of talking about this [ __ ] david and i have dinner together or we have a cocktail together that's the entire dinner conversation we're not like talking about sports or anything else the whole time we're together we're talking about this exact stuff even when we're hanging out alone very cool yeah. So here's the thing we're coming up on time uh i want to. First of all from the bottom of my heart i want to thank each and every one of you for spending your evening with us for for putting your trust in us a lot of you are you're brand new to planet david some of you know about chase's work.

But never actually had a chance to interact with him through my work and and the things i've promoted that that he's taught i recommend you get everything he's got they are massive leverage uh leverage tools for everything we teach in killer influence um we don't have as much again we have literally hundreds of questions in the chat. So like i said before here's my promise to you a if we did not get your question and obviously we did not get to a lot of questions a couple of things that you can do a when this video goes live on youtube which will be within a few minutes really after we log off if you go to the comments section below this video and you retype your question i will review the questions and the ones that are directed to chase will get together over drinks and as we get drunker and drunker we'll have more interesting answers for you um and uh and i will actually come back and if chase wants to i'll i'll give him a guest membership on my on my channel he can type your answers or i can type them for him. But we will go back and we will we will do our best to answer every single question that you've had for us tonight have you guys had a good time tonight type it out if you had a good time you learned a lot if we were to maybe do this again in the future not saying we will. But if we were to do this again in the future how excited would you be about coming back and playing with us a little bit more excellent excellent thank you.

So much uh from the bottom of my heart to the the master uh chase use thank you. So much for spending the evening with us i know you've got things to do um and i can't wait to connect with you out in orlando um for those of you who are on the fence when would now be a good time to click that link one final time make sure you've reserved your seat and um [Music] in the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So on chase hughes thank you.

So much yep thanks david thanks for having me and inviting me into your life your living room your car your kitchen wherever you had me tonight thanks for having me with you and both of us from both of us thanks very much guys good night and god bless you all we'll see you in orlando take care.
