Title: FREE Training  Secrets of Human Influence David Snyder NLP
File Name: SNQy1-r77Cw.txt
Video Id: SNQy1-r77Cw
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNQy1-r77Cw

Foreign foreign this is. Dr. David welcome to secrets of human influence. I'm.

Gonna. Be. Your guide over the. Next 30 well probably closer to 180 minutes give or take into the amazing and.

Powerful world of human influence we're going to be discussing some of the most powerful methodologies for getting people to like love and trust you getting people to believe what you say and do what you want um and pardon my background. I didn't have a chance to really set up my green screen. So you're just going to have to uh you're just gonna have to deal with that. Anyway um a couple of things before we get started with tonight's webinar a couple administrative things a couple of um content thing.

So to speak. First of all. I want to tell you that this is in fact the. Last webinar of 2022 uh there will be some big changes in our structure and our pricing going forward in starting the beginning of the new year.

So for those who've been around. Planet. David for a while we've we've tried very hard to keep our prices you know in the same range throughout the pandemic and and even through uh the current economic times. But the venue change it costs and everything else have kind of forced us to really kind of um across the line we didn't want to cross.

Anyway that being said tonight's webinar is all about you it's about you getting the things that you truly want that you truly need and desire in the world. I've been teaching human influence and persuasion in all of its many forms for close to 40 years most of the techniques that you're going to learn today are not theoretical they're proven we've been. I've been using. I use these things to transform my life from the time.

I was in my early 20s up to now they continue to pay massive massive dividends for you tonight's webinar. I don't want to call it a woman. But it's a class it's your class tonight's webinar is going to be giving you the most proven easy to use user-friendly idiot proof tools possible to go out and start hearing more yeses in your life and even if you're not getting the yeses yet understanding why maybe you're not getting them okay. That being said we have a very specific format that we use to train people this training this this format is called the three-phase webinar.

First phase of tonight's webinar is going to be all about foundations it's going to be all about experiences that we're going to ask you to participate in and. So the more of these processes you do along with me or as. I guide you through them the more powerfully you'll realize what you're getting and how you can utilize these same processes with other human beings in an ethical non-manipulative way in fact you'll also as a byproduct of this training become far more. Adept at identifying manipulators identifying people who are using malevolent influence techniques to try and force you or or distort you into various things you don't want to do.

So that being said let's let's go through one more administrative details. First and foremost uh phase one is going to be all about foundations phase two is where we're going to show you the packages and the training opportunities that we've put together that build on everything in this webinar and everything this webinar is. Cutting. Edge okay.

It's taken from a much larger system we call killer influence which has been the number one. NLP influence program in the world going on three years now. Okay. So um.

I'm very proud of it obviously we don't have time to teach you the entire system. But. I'm going to give you some solid hardcore radioactive nuggets right. If this is the scope of everything that there is to learn the field of human influence and persuasion we got time for this much.

So my commitment to you is. I will take you as far down this. Rabbit. Hole as humanly possible.

I will teach you and guide you through as many experiences and processes as. I can and. I will point you in the direction of where to go to take it to the. Next level is that a fair trade would can everybody be is everybody okay.

With that um and if if you are just type it type yes. In the chat perfect excellent all right. Um. I'm running two platforms simultaneously.

So if. I look. A little distracted it's because. I'm not sure at a moment what.

I'm supposed to which panels are showing what. But. I am getting better at it. So let me go back to my administrative stuff because once again the more you understand where.

I'm coming from the more rapidly you're going to get what you want. I believe persuasion and influence to be the ultimate survival skill in a modern arguably civilized society one that is run by the the rule of law rather than the law of the. Jungle the ability to get people to want to do the things you want to do to get them to believe what you say and do what you want and to to not disagree or argue with you or to misunderstand you these are the actual skills that allow you to not only survive in a civilized society. But they allow you to thrive and to really write your ticket in life they have for me and.

I promise you if you apply them the way you're going to learn them tonight they will change your life even the the handful of things of the thousands that we have to teach you in the system the handful of things you're going to take away tonight are going to transform your being if you use them if you use them. So a uh phase one is going to be foundations experiences things you have to know in order to make the other stuff more workable in the real world phase two is how to take it further how do you know the programs the opportunities the. Live. Events the things we've got coming up over the.

Next 24 months or 12 to 24 months as well as a special training program we put together for you and opportunities for you to take your training further phase three is where we. Circle back and we build on the foundations we taught you and that when we continue to teach most people the men at the offer you know they made their offer or whatever they're gone we're not going to do that because we want you to understand that we want you to be part of our world we want you to take these things out into the world make them yours and really write your own ticket okay. I know. I'm taking a little bit more time than some of us some of you may be used to oh when a webinar is.

But. I want you guys to really embrace where. I'm coming from with this this is now more than ever you know. I said the same the same thing during the cover years it's.

But it's just as true as it was. Then now people are in need of these skills more fully more deeply more comprehensively than ever before and if you have these skills if you own them and you apply them you will have a very very powerful almost unfair advantage and that's one of the best parts about the. Technologies we're going to share with you tonight using these. Technologies it is never necessary to lie cheat steal misrepresent or any of that to get everything you want and have people hungry and salivated to be with you to do what you want in whatever context is appropriate for you.

So that being said let's uh let's get in with uh the gang what. I call the gangs all here mode. So how many of you are brand type in the chat how many of you are brand new. I planted.

David type in your name where you're checking in from and what is it you want to take away from the night if you left this webinar with just one thing that that you could take and transform your life or what is it you want to be able to do with it for those of you who are veterans in. Planet. David how long have you been around. Planet.

David and where are you checking in from and tell everybody your name. So you know who to talk to now the reason. I'm asking the the veterans to kind of single themselves out is because throughout this webinar you're going to have questions and questions are awesome the problem is sometimes you ask a question that isn't directly relevant to the point in the webinar that we're on. So here's how here's how your questions get answered tonight you have three ways to get your questions answered.

First and foremost type your question in the chat if. I see it and it's relevant to the point in the webinar that we are. I will answer it directly if. I see your question or.

I don't see your question as is often more often the case. But it would take us down a rabbit hole that would be a distraction from the core content of tonight's webinar. I'm asking my veterans to answer the question for them if you have real world experience that is the answer to that question try to avoid prolonged discussions in the chat simply because. I want you focused on the content of tonight's webinar and doing the drills and getting the skills are people are people in.

Planet. David the planet. David. Community are probably some of the most open um accepting helpful people.

I have ever met and they are actually really really talented and they will happily guide you through processes and this is a great way to make very very powerful friendships and lifelong connections. So. I want you to just um stay as focused as you can on tonight's content ask don't be afraid to ask your questions we'll get them answered one way another which brings us to the the. Third way to get your questions answered.

First and foremost at the end of this webinar there the. YouTube will automatically post a replay of it may take 20 30 minutes to render and be available when that is um learning from. David you can increase your income by 30 it is real cool um. I love seeing that stuff in the in the in the chats um or cycling like this oh when the webinar replay becomes available if you take your question and you type it in the comments section beneath the um beneath the video.

I make it a practice to check my comments on my. YouTube channel three four five six times a day and if. I see your question. I promise you.

I will answer it if. I can if. I can't answer it or. I don't know the answer to it.

I will tell you that and. I will point you in the direction of where to go to get that question answered is that fair if you think that's fair type it in the chat cool excellent very good. I'm excited tonight persuasion and influence is one of my absolute favorite topics it's where. I started in the world.

But. I started in a place that many of us are familiar with the the pursuit of the fairer sex. I wanted to learn how to make people like trust me. I want to be attracted to me um because.

I spent a lot of time as a bullied child my desire to be liked in many times eclipsed my need to be attractive if that makes any kind of sense you know when you're when you're the classic bullied kid you you you're usually filled with self-loathing and a deep desire to uh to just be liked and accepted and. So that fueled a lot of the things that led me to the discoveries. I'm going to share with you tonight. I did not start with this you know.

Halo of energy above my head that said. I'm the blessed one you know. I still don't you know. I.

I was the classic bully kid. I was bigger around than. I was tall everybody and their brother manipulated me to get some end and. I didn't care because.

I just wanted to be accepted and liked after a while just not of one more person betraying me. I just literally stood in my bedroom one night as a teenager and said this has got to stop and that launched a crusade for me to become as irresistible as humanly possible for as arrogant as that sounds. Anyway are you in the right. Place tonight.

First and foremost if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you probably a little bit more on the provocative side for you my intention is never to offend anybody. But it is to stimulate reactants in you to and.

Spark your emotions because when there's it's only when our emotions are poked a little bit that we find places that uh you know chinks in our armor for lack of a better word that we didn't know we had. So if anything. I said gives you an extreme emotional response when it maybe wasn't intensive to be that way that's something. I want you to write down and.

John you're going to make sure you have caffeine and dopamine stimulating substances available usually coffee and chocolate if you don't do coffee or you don't do chocolate find something else that stimulates oxytocin and dopamine. So that'll accelerate your neuroplasticity and help you learn faster you're going to want to participate in every drill my job here is to give you experiences because. I can give you. Theory until you're blue in the face.

But if. I give you one experience. I'll change your life and the minute you have that experience the door opens you become a different person and you can't go back right. And that's a good thing okay.

Uh like. I said if this is the scope of everything there is to learn we have time for this. I'm going to take you as far as. I can.

Last. But not least um see uh not sure what else. I need to tell you other than are you in the right. Place if you can answer yes.

To any of these questions. Then you are absolutely in the right. Place and. I'm excited to work with you.

So by a show of. Hand by typing me in the chat or that's for me in the chat how many of you would like to be super attractive to you to members of the opposite sex or to the gender of your choice and maybe make them find you charming and fascinating and irresistible if any of you would like that ability or the ways to magnify your level of attractiveness and irresistibility type that's yes. In the chat. I want that if you would like to be able to have the ability to banish fear and insecurity from your life to radiate confidence and assertiveness and power and be a true leader in what at home at work at play whatever type yes.

In the chat that's for me if you'd like to have the ability to write your own ticket in this life to literally make more money in your business in your job uh through mediations and negotiations to book. More clients or or get that raise or promotion that you know you deserve type that's for me in the chat it's all on the table because every single thing. I'm talking about you can do with the techniques you're going to learn tonight you don't need to buy any courses you don't need to take it to the. Next level if you just apply the things.

I'm giving you you're going to be a million how many doors open for you if you would if you actually adopt the entire system there's nothing that can stop you in this world short of yourself okay. If you'd like to have the ability to spot and protect yourself from manipulators and malevolent persuasion experts con artists human traffickers drug dealers blackmailers extortionists narcissists sociopaths if you're tired of being the victim and want to know how to handle these people or at the very least avoid them type that's for me in the chat okay. If you'd like to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to. So that they naturally follow your lead if you'd like to program yourself for massive.

Financial abundance with more money than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some type that in the chat that you want that if you want people to like and admire you trust you type that nail two or three job interviews again. I'm giving you the laundry list why because the people who've used the techniques in tonight's webinar have done all of this okay. If you'd like to be a great leader.

Inspire your employees your children your spouse to do what you want them to do when you want them to do it it's a big deal when you want them to do it right. I have a daughter she's 12 years old. I say go clean the dishes because. I will 20 minutes.

Later the dishes still aren't done right. Simple fix when would now be a good time to go do the dishes she gets up she does the dishes right. If you like to attract and surround yourself with the kinds of people who are truly trustworthy and loyal the kind of friends you've always wanted to have if you'd like to be the kind of friend go ahead and type that in the chat all on the table guys right. If you've ever fantasized about being like.

Luke. Skywalker or uh. Yoda or um. Ben.

Kenobi these are not the droids you're looking for if you'd like to easily have a way to put people kind of under your spell kind of charm them. So to speak even if you have zero knowledge of any of that stuff go ahead and type that in the chat it's all available a lot of people on our. YouTube channel are time to be a better speaker and a. Creator be a success leader we actually have some trainings coming up on on hypnotic speaking uh on stage work.

So if you're interested in that stay tuned. I'll show you how to take that to the. Next level. So how many of you answered yes.

To any of these questions type it in the chat. I want to be. Yoda all of them very good. Then you're absolutely in the right.

Place that being said. I'm going to go ahead and switch to tonight's presentation tonight's presentation is going to cover um how to control and direct your and other people's emotions the four pillars of irresistible human influence charismatic communication on command how to win arguments and overcome objections at will um and. I know that the people in jet can see my. PowerPoint.

But um. I got it. I gotta. I still gotta go to zoom and share my screen here a little bit.

So for those of you who are brand new who the heck is. Dr. David. Snyder and why should.

I care. First and foremost. I actually am a doctor. I am certified in uh.

I got my master's degree in acupuncture and. Oriental medicine uh in 2016 five uh and. I got my doctorate at. Pacific.

College of. Oriental medicine. Later on. I've been having a practice in.

Solana. Beach. California uh where my specialty has been treating physiological illness that is the result of repressed emotion. So not only have um.

I had extreme amounts of training in the human influence world. I also understand how the thoughts we think and the emotions we store create and manifest as illness and that work over the. Last 15 years kind of poking under the hood to see what actually causes the human physiology and neurology to manifest. So many different types of things has given me some insight into how the system actually works now what the medical schools teach or the.

Psychiatry schools teach. But what actually happens in a holistic way in human beings functionally that causes them to think the way they think and manifest the illnesses or the cures as the way they do there's a system that runs the system and many of the things that you're going to work with tonight tap into that for the applications of human influence. But there's a much deeper well a much greater ocean that these things lead to. But that's not what you're worried about to tonight you just want to get paid better have more love in your life feel better about yourself be able to take the randomness out of your life and by.

However white means you describe it. But understand that there's a whole there's a whole ocean of information behind tonight that if you choose to follow this path. Then you can have the opportunity to learn it. But that's a copy of my diploma right.

There from. Pacific. College of. Oriental medicine and what it says here.

I'm going to make this just a little bit bigger. So. I can read it to you um in 2021 or 2020. I was named the number one.

NLP trainer of the. Year by globalgurus.org. I've authored over 15 actually when this was done it was over 15. now it's closer to 60. different products on various forms of human influence how to tape the randomness out of your life everything ranging from. NLP training hypnotherapy training energetics.

Law of. Attraction manifestation conversational hypnosis conversate our hypnotic stagecraft uh hypnotic storytelling in metaphor dating and attraction topics. I was named the number one one of the top five attraction experts in 2005 by. Art of approaching and seduction there.com and we've just gotten more powerful ever since what you're seeing here is when.

I was nominated the number one uh trainer of the year. I'm hoping to take that this year. But for you for your uh edification. I've been in the top two slots uh in this ranking for the.

Last five years probably closer to six years and uh and the number with the only guy that beats me out is. Dr bandler the founder of. NLP. I'm hoping.

I'm hoping to be the guy that that uh that kind of takes the number one slot this year. But. Anyway that's my uh that's my selfish motive. But.

Anyway uh and what you see here and this is directly relevant to what we're going to be talking about tonight it says. Dear. David it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for neuro-linguistic programming. NLP 2022. we've been the number one training program on human influence in.

NLP since 2020. and. So. I'm really really proud of of that this course has stood the test of time and the techniques you're going to be learning tonight are drawn directly from this training okay. So.

I just wanted to share that with you and there of course you can see um all the people we beat out they're not happy. But hey that is what it is. I'm also a lifelong martial artist. I have a 10th degree black belt in.

Okinawan karate. Ruku. Kempo. I have a 4-3 black belt in.

Shaolin kuntao a. Second degree black belt in kosho camporu. First to be black belt in fonkaru. Jiu.

Jitsu. I'm a certified instructor in combat. Systema uh and modern artists basic version. I'm also got.

I like to say. I like to make a joke. I have more energy healing credentials that. McDonald's sells hamburgers.

I'm currently. I know some people are visiting me from. Dr. Johnson's class um.

I'm currently enrolled in a doctorate program in. Chinese medical or energetic medicine which. I'm extremely extremely proud about uh. I'm trained as a.

Reiki master. Advanced chronic healer and product psychotherapist. Advanced. DNA.

Theta healing the banks to energy healing system many different systems of. Qigong and hermetic skills training um and again. I'm also training in the. Dallas systems the.

Christian mystical. Traditions the. Buddhist mystical traditions and. I'm constantly learning and synergizing and consensitizing faster ways to get results using these skills uh.

Jorge and. Hernandez is asking where can. I get more information on your. Martial.

Arts if you email uh. Stephanie at. NLP power uh she'll forward that to me and. I'm happy to tell you more about our opportunities for that training as well now after going through this laundry list and everybody you know.

I always make you know back when. I used to tell people this stuff. I used. I used to make a little bit of a joke unless you actually looked at my resume you get usually lined up with one of two.

Impressions you either think. I'm the biggest bullshitter on the planet or. I'm trying to compensate for something well the truth is only my wife knows for sure. Anyway.

But why am. I telling you all this why why is this even remotely important what do all these things have in common and this is why it's important one thing all of these things have in common. NLP hypnotherapy. Oriental medicine energetics uh hermetics martial arts.

Advanced martial arts especially what all what these all the line for these all cross in one area pattern recognition everything human beings do is a process it has a pattern and a sequence to it they have we have patterns of movement patterns of energetic flow patterns of disease patterns of. Health patterns of thought patterns of speech and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can start to perceive these patterns and when you perceive these patterns all of a sudden you now have the ability to predict outcomes. But not only that you also have the ability to inject change into those patterns in the right.

Way and create a different outcome see your nervous system doesn't exist in real time it's constantly making predictions about what's going to happen. Next and running simulations if you want to look. I'll tell you more about that. Later.

But the book. To reference is called how emotions are made by. Dr. Lisa.

Feldman. Barrett is the theory of constructive emotions and it's really really powerful uh way of understanding what our neurology's actually doing and it relates directly to influence especially in the. Advanced. Training when we start giving you hypnotic language patterns and things like that that directly affect the process of the nervous system we probably won't get into those super powerful patterns tonight we're going to give you something else that's even easier to apply and even more.

Universal. So pattern recognition what do pattern recognition have to do with human influence well pretty much everything guys everything once you understand people's patterns you know exactly what to say how to say it when to say it whether you should say it or not whether you should do it and that's what it's about um are we are you guys with me. So far type type yes. I'm with you in the chat if you're good do you guys like this side by side thing that.

I'm doing on the jet program. I can't do that. I think. I can do that actually um.

But. I'm just all right. All right. So here's my personal promise to you for those of you who are really serious for those of you who really want to take your influence and persuasion skills to the.

Next level. I want you to pay attention. I'm going to teach you the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone to like love and trust you okay. In fact after you learn it you are actually doing people in extreme disservice by not doing it it is that it is actually on a neurological level the most desirable way for any human being to communicate with another human being it's going to sound completely bizarre when.

I teach it to you you don't have to believe anything. I'm going to teach you on this webinar for it to work we don't we don't do faith-based stuff here we distill it down to a set of mechanics if you just do the trill you'll get the result you don't have to believe it you just gotta do it we good. So far cool let me. I'm going to open my chat.

So. I can see people's responses very good okay. I'm going to teach you how to have people hanging on your everywhere literally you're going to have people salivating to spend more time with you in fact one of your biggest problems when you start applying this technology is you won't be able to get them to shut up okay. When they look.

At you they'll get this doggy dinner bowl look. In their face because you'll rapidly become the embodiment of everything they most desire in the context in which you're communicating is that a useful power to have what do you think okay. Very good. I want to teach you how to have them salivating to do what you want them to do again there's a process you and.

I are going to do together tonight it's called the emotional motivation checklist there's another variation of this called the emotional bonding checklist human beings move through the world with a checklist of what is right. And desirable in the world their world and they're constantly moving through reality scanning for people that match when they find it they cleave to it like a moth to a flame. I'm going to teach you how to make your product your service or you the embodiment of the thing they most want and desire without lying cheating or stealing now here's where the ethical part comes in when you learn this process it is very very easy to lie to people and convince them that what you're offering isn't what they are what you what what they want is what you're offering. I'm gonna.

I say this several times you don't don't do that okay. When you start doing using this technique you're tapping into a very very deep very very powerful level of a person's reality okay. And if you if you use that information to violate those values they will move. Heaven and.

Earth to get. Payback. But if as you're dialoguing with this person and you realize that you can fulfill their needs and desires and they can fulfill your needs and desires. Then by not if you don't do it you're actually hurting them right.

So when you do this process and you can fulfill it they will think you are the greatest thing since sliced bread that will refer people to you hand over fist they will tell all of their friends about you they can't wait for you to meet their family if as you're dialoguing with the person you realize that what you're offering them isn't a fit we'll talk about that again as we go through the content of tonight's webinar. Then the best thing you can do is tell them that and point them in the direction of something else or somebody else whose service is what they're looking for and on the back end of that what will happen is you will raise your level of. Integrity. So powerful in their world that they will literally refer people to you for years and months to come and the best part is that's they will look.

For a reason to work with you again okay. So there's there's a long term and a short-term benefit to this if you do it right. Okay. And there are less than ethical people out there who will.

Who understand this process and are using it in an unethical way. I'm telling you right. Now you never need to resort to that you never need to do that your job is to move through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good and show them demonstrate to them how to get everything they want by simply doing what you want what you're asking them to do and if you you stick to that. Credo you stick to that that philosophy you can go to sleep every night knowing you've brought the maximum amount of light and.

Joy to the. World you've helped people the way they truly need and recognize that they're getting helped and that's an amazing feeling to have isn't it right. You're going to be able to do that by the end of tonight's webinar. I promise you you'll understand the building blocks of how to make that happen and.

I'll show you how to take it even further. I want to teach you how to control the emotion your emotions and remove resistance to your influence in other words one of the fastest ways to get people to do things is to stimulate their emotions. I'm going to teach you again we have whole days of training devoted to this. But.

I'm going to teach you some very simple powerful effective ways to get your emotions under control. So that no. One can push your buttons for any length of time ever again and you can get back to your mental and emotional equilibrium and really function properly right. I said we have whole days of training devote this is literally the superpower behind our.

Technologies. I can't give you everything. But. I'll give you a couple of cool things that you can start to play with right.

Away at the end of the day what. I'm going to do is. I am going to show you the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time okay. So to recap here's what we're going to do for today.

I'm going to teach you the secret back door to the human nervous system for. Unstoppable influence and maximum attention focus and connection the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment and why. I'm going to teach you the secrets of emotional bonding and attraction the hidden secrets behind how to get any human being to do what you want we're going to talk about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence that's a whole module of training in and of itself how to remove resistance to your influence and. Finally how to take control how to get the life you want the way you want it and master yourself inside and out starting today does it sound like a good plan yes.

Or yes. As. T harbacker would say okay. Cool all right.

That being said let's let's. Jump. Right. In.

I want to give you the. First technique let me let me uh unshare my screen really quick okay. So. First and foremost.

I'm going to ask a question how many of you would like to be 30 or more better at everything just type it in the chat if you'd like to be 30 or more better at everything type it in your hat in your chat okay. Here's here's the secret this is a big deal for those of you who have a strong energetic background this is going to be critical for those of you who believe in the. Law of. Attraction it's going to be critical right.

For those of you who have no. Clue what the hell. I'm talking about it's going to be critical if you can wrap everything you're about to do tonight with a fun easy going playful joyful explorational attitude the studies show you will be up to 31 percent more aware 31 percent more perceptive 31 percent more creative 31 more adaptable 31 percent more competent and 31 percent more charismatic and persuasive would anybody here like to be 30 more charismatic 30 more competent 30 percent more aware anybody. Bueller yeah that's all you got to do you just gotta be playful now for those of you who are coming from the energetics if you think about it pure and simple what's a higher vibration sadness or joy type it in the chat what's a higher vibration sadness or.

Joy what's a higher vibration playfulness or seriousness okay. What from an energetic physics perspective what do we know about higher vibration versus lower vibration generally speaking unless there's some new physics. Discovery. I haven't heard of the higher vibrations tend to dominate and control the lower vibrations for those of you who are big into manifesting that's a big deal because how many of you just by show of hands do any kind of affirmations just type in the chat how many do any kind of affirmations okay.

So let me ask you a question and. I know some of you are going to tell me the truth the rest of you are going to lie for those of you who do affirmations how many of you often wait until you're in a shitty mood to start doing your affirmations not consistently okay. Here see sometimes right. Here's the deal a lot of times what happens is we use our affirmations kind of like a.

Lifeboat or a life preserver we say oh. I'm feeling shitty. I need to. Manifest this we start writing out these affirmations the problem is is that we can't manifest unless we're in the proper state.

So here's the deal from now on before you do any form of manifestation work change your state get go from whatever neutral. State you're in to us highly energized highly motivated highly positive playful euphoric. State and. Then start doing your affirmations and you're going to find out that you'll manifest things faster and easier okay.

Right. Because again and if you do it properly you won't need as many affirmations to start getting that result right. You may notice when you're in a crappy mood you start doing those affirmations and it takes forever for your state to start changing. But what if you started out with a higher state.

So one of the things. I'm going to share with you is what we call the universal persuasion protocol now this is an algorithm that you follow it doesn't matter if you're in a teaching environment a dating environment a client therapist environment a mediation environment. I like to say this will teach you how to exert influence anywhere. Anytime.

Anyplace under any circumstances from the bar room to the boardroom to the treatment room to the classroom to the bedroom if you just follow the. Next. Formula. I'm going to share with you you are going to be radically able to exert influence because a lot of times we find ourselves in situations and circumstances we want to exert influence.

But we don't know where to start. I'm going to give you the road map okay. And we're not going to spend a lot of time on it because. I have a ton of information that.

I want to put you guys in drills and information that. I want to give you through no. Um who asked that question um no. Sebastian this is not uh instant influenced by.

Michael pantalon although we will be talking about his work probably. I'm in part three of the webinar. But in terms of what we're doing right. Now um this is even more fundamental than that okay.

Um. So are you guys with me. So far has this been useful okay. So let's talk about.

State. Control uh in fact let me find my. PowerPoint really quick uh and share this with you. So what you see in here is what we call the universal persuasion protocol this is the foundation of our.

CPI and killer influence system and what this does is it gives you a road map to follow okay. It starts with the basic understanding of knowing your outcome before if you want to be effective as an influencer. Then you've got to start thinking like an influencer and that is knowing your outcome what is it you want to achieve how do you know when you're getting it. So.

I want you to take out a piece of paper right. Now you guys had an outcome something you wanted to be able to achieve or accomplish okay. When you signed up for tonight's webinar right. That caused you to want to show up for tonight's weather.

I want you to get out a piece of paper take your writing. Implement and write down what is your outcome what is it you want to be able to do as a byproduct of tonight's weather okay. Once you've done that type done in the chat cool excellent all right. Now once you know your outcome how will you know that you're getting it how will you be able to recognize that you're moving towards what you want or not moving towards what you want will you see something will you hear something will you smell something will you taste something will people be telling you things.

I don't. I don't need to know what that is. But you do write that down if you just know it's not a um how can you calibrate that right. Is it a feeling that you get is it something you're going to see is something you're going to be able to measure now.

However you do it is. However you do it. But. I want you to have at least one barometer one way for you to know that you're getting uh what you need and want in the training okay.

The. Next thing you're going to do is you're going to control your state okay. This is this this is our this is the one area we're really our systems are really powerful at every level. But honestly and those of you in our unlimited influence coaching program are.

Mega. Platinum coaching program who come to the. Live. Events you know we devote an entire day to nothing.

But. State. Control and getting. Mastery of how to go into and out of any psychomotional state at will on demand and here's the secret to this if there is such a thing as.

Jedi abilities. Jedi skills it's in your state control okay. If you when you get really really good at. State.

Control eighty percent of your influence is done before you open your mouth okay. Veterans type in your experiences with. State control. So these people understand what this means and how we.

Define. State control is the ability to exit or enter any psycho-emotional state at will on demand um in any situation circumstance or event um. So we divide. State.

Control into two broad categories if you will we have physiological. State control and we have cognitive or volitional. State. Control we're going to do a couple of drills together right.

Now that are designed to give you an experience of what this is like um. So. First and foremost let me um. I don't think.

I can let me see. I want to see for those of you on our. Zoom chat. I want to see if.

I can do split screen if. I can do split screen recording stopped oops recording in progress um. I can't find my gallery view here. So.

I'm just gonna have to. I'm just gonna have to go with what. I had. So all right.

So much for that. I tried it it didn't work let's keep going all right. So. First you're gonna control your state you're gonna get rapport with the subject you're going to use your language you're going to manage the state of the subject you're going to jump into their process you're going to bond their.

Criterion values in this in this chart. Criterion values are equal to their emotional bonding checklist we're going to talk a lot about this in tonight's webinar in fact that's where we're going after we do our state control drills. So here's what we're going to do we're going to do some drills together and. I'll let you do a screenshot of this.

Later. But for right. Now what. I want you guys to do is.

I if you're driving don't do this okay. If you're driving don't do this um if you really want to participate in the drills. Then pull your car into a parking lot or a driveway somewhere where you won't get towed or shot for trespassing put the car in park turn off the engine put the emergency brake on if you want to stand to do this drill it's fine if not that's okay. Too we're going to do a hybrid of our physiological.

State. Control drills and our volitional state control drills. So the. First thing.

I want you to do is. I want you to stand up if you can okay. Stand up if you can and what. I want you to do is.

I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you absolutely wanted. I mean on a scale of zero to ten it was like a less factor of 27. right. If you've never had something like that imagine what it might be like close your eyes. And imagine that moment remember that moment if you will what did you see in that moment when you realized that you nailed it like you put that plan into operation and you nailed it home run what was that like for you what did you see in that amazing moment what did you hear what did you smell what did you taste because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get feeling of absolute.

Victory determination. Vindication and validation. I want you to remember that body feeling. I want you to notice there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow or they spread from take a moment and point to where you feel that now look.

At that feeling with your inner eyes. And notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color or colors might that be for you. First impression whatever that is. I want you to imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change notice how your posture changes and your breathing changes as that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket a victory a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all defeats all setbacks all hesitation real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants and everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully still completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off take it away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead now.

I don't want you to type anything yet as this energy continues to get stronger and stronger in your body. I want you to remember the way you were standing in that moment of. Victory if you're not there already. I want you to stand that way.

I. Want. You to. Breathe the way you were breathing in that moment of victory and when you know you've got that the posture's locked in the breathing's locked in without changing a single thing about the way you're standing without changing a single thing about the way you're breathing as an act of will try to feel bad and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied stop testing let that amazing level of.

Victory grow even stronger let go of the other stuff let those feelings come back even more powerfully even more strongly there's no. Need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to make it go away and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied type in the chat what you experienced peace. Carolee can't be the only one come on. Bliss okay.

Excellent. I'm curious just. So. I understand where you're at what did you notice when.

I asked you to summon up your willpower and without changing your posture without changing your breathing try to feel bad what happened or what didn't happen in this case feeling of invincibility excellent. Allison. I laughed there you go confidence peacefulness how many of you noticed resistant to negative how many of you noticed that when you try to will yourself to feel bad that your body wanted to change its posture anybody notice that yes. Or no.

Okay. This is what. I'm this is important remember. I talked about everything human beings do has a structure and a process remember the mind and the body can constitute a feedback loop every psycho emotional state that you access has a physiological component of posture and breathing ramification in other words whatever you feel is going to change how you stand and how you breathe.

But there's the other side to that as well and this is what's really really important what makes our state control training. So unbeatable your physiology controls your psychology if. I can adopt a certain physiology a certain pose and a certain breathing pattern and hold it. I cannot deviate from the emotional state connected to this posture if you want to reference the science behind this we've been teaching variants on this process since 2005.

But uh you all probably heard of a lady named. Amy. Cuddy system called. Power poses yes.

Or yes. If you haven't she's got an amazing. Ted. Talk on.

YouTube she's done all the science behind this okay. From a functional perspective as an influencer as a professional grade military level influence someone who is designed to use persuasion in any situation or circumstance the ability to control your emotional state regardless of what's going on around you regardless of what your conscious mind wants to do is critical here's the deal the reason that when. I had you hold that posture is because if. I can get your physiology it takes the minimum amount of willpower to hold a posture and a breathing pattern for at least two minutes notice most universities have probably changed faster the science that that.

Amy said was two minutes to get a up to any exchange. So profound that it resulted in a hormonal change in many cases as well again we'll talk we can talk about that until the cows come home what. I want you to understand is that for every psycho-emotional state that you have there is a corresponding posture and breathing pattern that engenders it and allows you to maintain it. So the takeaway is no.

Matter what situation or circumstance you're in no. Matter what's going on around you no. Matter how overwhelmed or unworthy or guilty or shameful or self-conscious you feel if you take the time to adopt a posture and a breathing pattern of the state you want instead and hold it for as little as two minutes you will not you will actually interrupt the negative. State you're in and if you continue to hold the posture you can't go back to the the negative.

States again we have whole trainings devoted to how to do this on the. Jedi level in a killer influence and identity by. Design and. CPI.

But you don't need to do that now you just need the experience of it and that's what. I want you to have how many of you uh found this useful yes. Or no. Elaine says.

I laugh the chest movement literally busted up the negativity trying to form yes. Let me go back. I just should open my chat if. I want to hear your answers good excellent excellent excellent okay.

So let's do one more thing uh and. Then. I'm going to teach you about that outcome we're going to talk about um the emotional bonding checklist and we're going to come back and teach you how to have people hanging on your everywhere um one more thing. I want you to do now is.

I want you to remember a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever yes. You can do that one if you want to. I don't care. I'm not the pleasure police okay.

I don't care where you were what you were doing how many state lives you crossed what substances were involved all. I care about is that when you take a moment and remember that moment of absolute pleasure that pleasure you couldn't wait to have again. I always wonder close your eyes. Stand up what were you seeing in that moment what were you hearing what were you smelling what were you tasting because when you do that when you're in that place you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful feeling that you get feeling of absolute pleasure.

I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it when you do that. I'd like you to notice look. At it with your inner eyes. Once again notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color or colors might that be for you.

First impression now here's where it gets fun. I want you to you put on your playfulness hat. I want you to imagine and you could reach into your body pull out all of that color take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes it hides and we don't want to miss a single drop of this amazing goodness as you look. At it.

I want you to notice something. I want you to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what directions it's spinning you don't have to tell me just notice what directions it's spinning for you. First impression and whatever it is. I want you to grab a hold of that energy with both of your hands and.

I want you to play with your own power now. I want you to play with the direction it's spinning until you find the direction that makes it even stronger it's exactly what you want to have at the intensity level you want to have it and when you find that perfect. Direction. I want you to double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice is these new feelings this new program enters your body and people any any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead many times as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into our neurology our body goes through all kinds of interesting. Transformations some people break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people cough some people joke some people just feel waves of emotion coming up. However your body does it that's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the pleasure upgrade happening there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done it's locked in test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead when you're done testing type your experiences in the chat.

I want to see it yeah there's a there's a huge amount of posture oh my. God this is. So much fun yeah some of the best fun you can have um stays in the core very good okay. Here's something again we'll teach you this an identity by.

Jan says. I'm gonna stop we'll feel peace and charge. Jill says. Tai.

Chi okay. Yawning hard. I feel full that was challenging excellent beautiful you guys are doing great okay. Uh.

MC's giggling over there uh creative. Raven saying. I'm smiling. So big uh excellent you guys are doing great all right.

So these are some very powerful energetic psycho-emotional neurologically based ways to instantly transform um transform yourself and yes. I apologize for not wearing my colorful uh outfit today um. I did a. I had a this was available.

So. I just threw it on excellent. So has this been useful. So far.

I'm curious what have you guys what are your takeaways right. Now what have you learned. So far just type in one or two things changing your state is easy more than expected. Lawson says.

I can change my state consciously you bet your ass you can this is fun simple yes. See it here feel it install it very good during. I need both my body and my mind perfect that is one of the best takeaways ever having fun is the key absolutely absolutely you guys are doing great all right. So are you guys ready to take this deeper okay.

So a couple of things a if you want to be more successful and better at everything be fun and playful control know your outcome control your state get. Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process link to their emotional values okay. That's the universal we call that the universal persuasion protocol um what. I'll do uh for those of you let me see if.

I can share this again it might actually still okay. It's still out there. I recommend um if you have your camera handy or some take a screenshot of this this is one of the most important diagrams you will ever learn there is. So much power and universality in this model that.

I haven't found a need to change it in almost 20 30 years and since. I've been teaching it all right. It is super super powerful it allows you even when you start doing. Advanced metaphysics and energetics when you start commuting with the higher forces in the quantum.

Universe this is still the same protocol you use believe it or not and in my mega. Platinum people and my uh my unlimited influence people who are going through the energy training points right. Now are finding out just how. Universal this sequence is.

So by all means take a screenshot keep it as your screen saver use it everywhere you can okay. We're going to teach you pieces of it tonight. But. I wanted to give you that that whole big picture idea all right.

So does everybody have their outcome what they wanted to learn from tonight right. Now yes. Or yes. Diagram isn't oh okay.

Hold on a. Second um diagram isn't showing on. YouTube let me go ahead and share that okay. You know what let me let me try one thing and see if this works recording stopped what what sorry about that guys um.

I need to make this a little bigger recording in progress um trying to find my view there we go. I think if well maybe not okay. Never mind. I'll just show.

I'll just share my screen all right. This is that's primarily for my. YouTubers uh guys. So.

I just want uh. I just want people to be able to see everything take a screenshot of this diagram was on. YouTube for a. Second okay.

Well it should be there now it should be showing up in a few minutes um. Anyway let's keep let's keep going what. I want to share with you now is what we call the emotional motivation checklist or the emotional bonding checklist and the reason that we we call it either the emotional bonding checklist or the emotional motivation checklist is determined by who you're using it on okay. So if we're using this on ourselves we call this the emotional motivation checklist this particular technique is the single reason why everybody does everything okay.

I'm going to explain that one of the things that we have in our body is we in our minds. But we have belief systems um. I don't have. I don't have the diagram.

But there's a there's a hierarchy to our beliefs we have the spiritual level the identity level the values and beliefs level the capabilities level the environment level and the levels above control the levels below energetically physically cognitively people create a values map a checklist if you will for what defines the most right. And desirable anything in their world okay. We're going to experience that together right. Now because.

I want you to have an experience. I want you to feel what this is like when you use it. So that you can understand the power you're going to have when you apply it. First on yourself and.

Then with other people in your life this is one of the most nuclear things you can ever learn okay. The secret to this is asking simple questions and using as many of their own words as humanly possible in part three of tonight's webinar when we. Circle back. I'm going to teach you the echo technique and.

Then. I'm going to teach you other things that you can do with it the echo technique is the single most powerful generic influence technique on the planet it literally encapsulates every single one of these these these control your state get. Rapport use your language manager. State jump into their process link to their.

Criterion values when you use the echo technique you're actually getting all six levels automatically and depending on your level of understanding. Then you can leverage it any way you want we'll cover that in part three of tonight's webinar right. Now what we're going to do is we're going to take a deep dive into the power of emotions and values and needs to motivate and. Inspire yourself and.

Then we're going to teach you in part three how to use this exact same process to inspire and motivate everyone you meet to do what you want them to do is that a powered a useful power to have in an ethical way perfect you guys are rocking all right. So how let me go back to my participation okay. So let me ask you guys a question um do you guys still need me to keep this um this diagram on the ground on the border do you have it got it okay. So.

I can. I can put it down okay. Let me make sure that okay. All right.

So. I am going to share my screen again. But now um by a show of hands okay. I applied your techniques.

First on myself and. Then on friends and since. I've. Beyond and since a period on clients 100 to 100 100 out of 100 satisfaction your ambassador from.

Tunisia great thanks well this is awesome thank you. So much for that field report all right. So how many of you at the beginning of tonight's webinar. I asked you to write down your outcome what do you want to be able to get what do you want to be able to do as a result of the techniques you learn tonight how many of you did that type it in the chat okay.

Good okay. How many of you did not for those of you who came in late or maybe missed that instruction let me repeat it. Then we're going to move on you all had a reason for for signing up for tonight's class right. True not true.

I want you to think about something for a moment if you came away from tonight's class with a technique or a couple of techniques or a handful of techniques that would let you get that outcome what is that outcome. I want you to write down what that outcome is. I want you to physically write it out this is important okay. Write out what it is you want to be able to do as a byproduct of being on tonight's webinar okay.

As a byproduct of doing the drills and getting the skills tonight what is it you want to be able to do write it down now directly under that you don't have to write it in the chat write it on a piece of paper. I don't need to it's not. I might use your example in the chat. But it's important that you write.

I want you to. I want you to have this on paper. So you can look. At it as a structure okay.

Now directly below the answer to what you want to get out of tonight's webinar. I want to. I want you to write another question and put an a. Next to it this is the question.

I want you to ask. I want you to write down what's important about that in other words if you got your outcome tonight what's important about it what would that do for you what's important about it just write the question and write below that question write the answer. First thing that pops into your head don't don't filter it don't don't edit it whatever pops up write it down underneath okay. When you've answered those questions what's important about boom type done in the chat excellent now you have your answer about what's important about that right.

Now directly under the answer to that question a. I want you to write. B and. I want you to write the same question what's important about that what's important about the answer to question a physically write it down confident okay.

When you're when you've done that type done in the chat excellent now under that. I want you to write. C and write the. Next question ultimately if you had a and you had.

B what's important about that and write that excellent. Bud says done love peeling the onion. So you should have what's important about a what's important about. B what's important about.

C there should be an answer for each of those questions now you may notice as you drill down from. A to. B to. C that the answers get more emotional true or not true for me the answer is the same that's fine true.

Natalie says the ancestry. Zachary says yes. Duncy. I can just be yeah okay.

Perfect you ready for the magic. Carly says it's deeper how many people have how many of you have already noticed you're already getting emotional about these things true or not true boom. Zachary says hell yes. All right.

You ready to turn it up okay. Here's how we do it. So here's what you're gonna do uh let me model this for you you're going to take your piece of paper with the answers to your question. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna share my screen just. So you can see what this looks like on paper yours may not look. Exactly like this as long as you've got the answers to these three questions it will be fine hold on a. Second.

I gotta find okay. So yours may not look. Exactly like this. But this is what it would look.

Like on paper. I want you to take. I want you to take your sheet of paper. I want you to hold it up at about a 45 degree angle and all.

I want you to do all. I want you to do is read the answers to those three questions five times out loud read the answer to your question five times out loud and when you've done that type it in the chat you can scream it if you want to. But says. I gotta run to catch up with myself okay.

Why did my voice get deeper in power. Jan says done let me ask you two questions there's a sense of. Pride done excellent let me ask you a couple questions. First and foremost.

YouTube still has a slideshow on full screen what happened to the feelings in your body what type in there what happened to the feelings in your body stronger feelings. Amplified became softer okay. Overflowing they leveled up excited here's an interesting question. I never asked anybody this question because.

I never wanted to make it. So obvious. But how badly do you want those things now how badly do you want those things now type it in the chat pretty darn bad really bad. I don't think.

I do okay. As badly as. I did over as super right. What if you could make every single person that you connect with or you talk to want the things you offer them as badly as you're feeling it right.

Now what would happen that's exactly what you've just learned how to do all right. So. I promised you at the beginning of tonight's webinar that. I would take you as far as.

I could. I would give you as many experiences. I could layer in in the time that we have and. Then.

I would show you. I would teach you where to go to take it to the. Next level have. I lived up to that promise.

So far yes. Or yes. Okay. Would it be okay.

To share with you how to get access to the entire training the entire how to level things up and go to an. Unstoppable level of pure persuasion and influence power in an ethical honest way that makes everyone you meet think you're the greatest thing since sliced bread would that be okay. All right. Then with your permission.

I'd like to share with you a program. I put together soon as. I find it uh let's see here uh let's let's do the webjet. First hold on a.

Second. I gotta close the. I'm still getting used to all these interfaces all right. All right.

So here we go to quote the. Spice. Girls here we go here we go here we go sorry. I had a had a throwback moment it's gone now.

Anyway um uh okay. So with your permission. I'd like to share with you uh something. I'm very very proud of and it's something that has literally changed the lives of tens of thousands of people all over the world and now you have the opportunity to apply it to your life as well.

I'd like to share with you the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion. Mastery home study course this is a special program that. I've put together specifically to teach you how to learn the the entire system.

I teach of human influence from the comfort of your own home you'll be able to move through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good just for having met you they will think you are the most the coolest most charismatic most amazing human being they've ever met and they will happily do the things you want them to do that give you the life you want to have the way that you want to have it secrets of human influence is all about taking your life to the. Next level it's all about making more money and closing the deals getting more dates helping more people and. I put an emphasis on helping more people because once you have these skills under your belt and you've been able to get everything you want in your life and you're moving through the world getting everything you want there's a comes a point where you naturally want to give back where you naturally want to share and uplift others and that's a natural byproduct of going through the ability of empowering yourself right. Um you're gonna you're gonna feel more confident you're gonna feel more powerful you're going to be a winner in.

The. Game of. Life as a byproduct of this training and as you become more charming and charismatic and irresistible you're going to hear no. Less and less and less and people will simply like love and trust you okay.

And after a while this this way of moving through the world will be. So natural. So automatic you'll forget you ever learned it except when you go back and get reminded by guys like me. So that being said um.

So here's what. I put together for you and again yes. This is an opportunity this is our. Last webinar of the.

Year these things will never be available at this extent or this price again and. So um there is a there is a timer on this that the the offer is good until. December 29th 2022 at 11 59. PM if you have questions.

Stephanie is standing by to answer any questions you have uh her contact information is 858-282-4663 or you can email her at. Stephanie nlpower.com again. I'm just putting that out early because you will have questions and. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna go as fast for this as. I can. So we can get back to training okay. So.

First and foremost the secrets of human influence comes with our secrets of human influence home study course it's a 17 video stick uh series that covers the entire seven stages of the universal persuasion protocol everything from how to think and behave like a professional. Persuader how to control your state know your outcome and move through the world uh becoming unflappable literally able to what would it be like if you could just move through the world and nobody could push your buttons ever for any length of time ever again what if you could decide to be ultra confident anytime you wanted to or be playful anytime you wanted to that's what level one of the trade a level two of the training is going to do it's gonna build on the on the little pieces we've showed you we're going to give you the whole system it's a 297 value to learn to speak like or think like a master of influence to 297 value to learn how to control your psychomotional. State anywhere anytime literally it is uh. Patrick is saying it's priceless it really is right.

Uh and one of the things you're going to find out especially those of you who are into the energetics the ability to control your state is where everything starts okay. Um. I have guys like. Chris.

Tomball he's a personal injury attorney he literally just won a 100 million dollar verdict against. General. Motors and he equates these skills to allowing him to do that these are not theoretical these are things that have worked over and over and over again we're going to teach you how to get what we call power. Rapport in our world we divide report into three categories of.

Rapport you have uh classical. Rapport which is what anybody who goes to. NLP training or. Erickson hypnosis training or sales school is going to teach you that gets you in the friend zone that gets you a level of comfort.

But it doesn't always get you the brass ring if you know what. I mean. But there's two other types of. Rapport and the.

First one that we're gonna that we focus on is called kinesthetic or report or heart coherence you learn how to synchronize your heartbeat and your proprioceptive energetic. Fields with the energetic fields of another human being and create a bridge like two. Bluetooth connecting. So that information passes back and forth and.

Then you learn how by managing your own state to send energy through that connection that causes an impress reminds them to think and feel and believe about you the way you want them to. Then there's the. Third category of report this particular type of report is extremely good and extremely powerful for any form of. Attraction work in any situation or circumstance where you want to be be thought of as more attractive charismatic um leader leaderly for lack of a better word this particular type of.

Rapport is called vibing and it has certain other aspects to it that nobody else teaches about it has been validated by a guy by the name of. Alexander. Penland from. Stanford.

University in his book. Honest signals he calls this aspect activity level we show you how to merge activity level with classical. Rapport to create the type of. Rapport that generates attraction and comfort trust and connection.

So if you are going to use this for dating and social and romantic applications this is the exact kind of report that you need. So that you can actually separate yourself from all the other people vying for that special someone's attention we're going to teach you all three of these you're going to practice them you're going to put the whammy on individuals you're going to put the whammy on groups you're going to learn how to spot the report leaders in any situation or circumstance. So you can infiltrate entire groups and and really get them to like love and trust you it's extraordinarily powerful this by itself. I could create a whole course on and it will be worth three four five thousand dollars minimum.

But you're gonna get it it's a 297 value as part of your overall secrets of human influence training now we're going to teach you the most irresistible hypnotic language patterns on the planet you'll remember at the beginning of tonight's webinar. I told you that everything human beings do has a structure a pattern a process the way people speak is a direct mirror of the structure of how they think there are seven key language patterns that are directly connected to how people think and manage and influence how people think when you talk in these seven patterns you automatically affect the person's way of thinking at the deepest most powerful and most undetectable level and the best part about it is they actually enjoy the process of listening to you right. If you've ever been absolutely fascinated by a great speaker or a piece of music or a piece of poetry these people will hang when you're every word just like that because these particular patterns stimulate those processes in their mind. So think about this for a while take a moment and imagine what you could do if you had the magical ability to make anything you say seem to cause anything you say in the minds of your listener in other words if you have the seemingly magical ability to make anything you want appear to cause anything you want in the minds of your subject what could you do with that power what could you do with that ability to make anything cause anything right.

Think about that that's one pattern one pattern does all that pattern two what if you have the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your subject would that be a useful superpower to have pattern two does that pattern one anything you want causes anything you want pattern two anything you want means anything you want what could you do with those two patterns type it in the chat. I'm curious right. Now pattern three what if you had the ability to subliminally direct a person's focus of attention their sense of awareness to whatever you wanted and have them exclude everything else and on top of that you could literally cause their unconscious mind to run any program or process you name or describe what could you do with a power like that what if it were completely conversational and was. So such a fundamental building block of our creation of reality that you can overuse it and it would never be caught what if that pattern was.

So powerful that even when the person knew you were using it they still couldn't resist it what could you do with a power like that that's pattern number three you can help a lot of people couldn't you. I've used this exclusively to um to literally cause people to talk themselves out of pain you can make everyone around you feel amazing you absolutely can by the way. I've been using it on you this entire webinar notice how you didn't notice it again with great power comes great responsibility right. There's a lot you can do okay.

But that's three patterns of seven pattern number four we'll leave it there what if you had the ability to literally in a kind gentle loving way in a fun pleasurable way to literally force a person's internal imagery and mind movies to be exactly what you describe without with zero possibility of failure or misinterpretation what if you could just riff and the exact thing that comes out of your mouth would be exactly what plays in their head and because and in a way that they absolutely could not and would not resist it that's pattern number four is this useful there's three more. But we'll be here forever if. I go through all those needless to say we'll give you people the. Next three patterns give you the ability to control people's spatial understandings and representations they give you the ability to control and influence people's sense of time uh and they give you the ability to interrupt any pattern that they're running that's negative.

So literally they start to go negative they start thinking negative ways boom you can instantly interrupt that process and steer them back to a more positive mindset would that be useful okay. Those are your seven patterns right. There what if you have those stupid powers right. Think about it okay.

297 value um what if you have the ability to manage the emotional states of others at will to take them from wherever they are to wherever you want and need them to be in the shortest amount of time possible right. You can control your state. But you have to manage other people's. So what if you have that ability to take them from.

A to. Z seamlessly effortlessly in a very fun playful enjoyable way that got you your outcome and had that person feeling amazing as a byproduct of working with you okay. Now what if you have the ability to literally extract somebody's personal patterns for. Behavior and use that pattern to install things that make their lives better or make them want to do the things you want them to do would that be a helpful skill that's what um that's the.

Next module okay. It's a 297 value what if you have the ability you guys you guys experience the emotional bonding checklist right. You just had that experience what if you have the ability to emotionally. Bond anyone's deepest desires and get them to do what you want them to do by doing what you wanted to do what if you could emotionally get people as fired up about you your product your service your your your art whatever as you were just fired up and more okay.

That's level six okay. That's everything well that's not everything what if you also had the ability to manage the spatial relationships in the room you see it comes with the killer influence mind control manifestation manual not only does it have these seven stages of influence it also teaches you about social hypnotic operators these are constructs and programs that culture and. Society have programmed into you. So that when they hit these triggers you automatically behave in a predictable way we're going to teach you what all five of these programs are and how you can protect yourself against them and more importantly how you can use them in an ethical way to get more of what you want uh in your business and your personal life whatever we're going to teach you about cold reading and face reading in other words one of the most powerful ways to amplify the suggestibility of people is to talk to them about things that you couldn't possibly know we're going to teach you how to do cold reading and personality profiling we're going to teach you how to detect lies we're going to teach you um how to look.

At what we call. Meta programs which are ways people have of sorting information and if you understand a person's matter programs you automatically know how to present things to them in a way that's easiest for them to want to do what you want them to do okay. Um what else is there um social hypnotic operators proxemic hypnotic operators embodied cognition. So when.

I talk about managing spatial relationships just where you sit at a conference table can dramatically increase the level of. Rapport and. Authority you exert in that meeting sitting in the wrong place can completely undermine your. Authority no.

Matter how good your argument no. Matter how unknoble your cause if you're sitting in these weak power positions anybody who wants to argue with you has a far more power at that table than you do. I'm going to show you how to reverse that that formula where the power positions are at a meeting room where the where the weak power positions are teach you how to use your spatial relationships to gain more. Rapport and comfort with people how to engineer your environment for example if.

I give you a a warm drink to hold you will tend to judge me with more emotional warmth than if. I give you a cold drink to hold if. I give you a hard seat to sit in you will tend to judge me more harshly than if. I give you a soft cushy chair to sit in these things are from a science two fields of science known as object relations.

Theory and embodied cognition these are not things. I made up these are science facts if you understand them you can now influence people through the environment and not just your words and behaviors it's extraordinarily powerful and if you start stacking all these things together. I think you can start to imagine what you can do with these abilities and these skills plus we're going to give you access to a special online community that will give you the opportunity to meet people who are just like you who want to learn these skills and get better and who are really cool all right. We'll talk about that total combined value is 2 497.

But because we want you to get the biggest bang for your buck because we want you to really be able to take this as far as humanly possible we've added some special extra bonuses that. I think will really show you just how much further you can go. So grab your course today and we're also going to throw in these exclusive special bonuses and these include a web uh bonus number one is weapons of mass destruction the most powerful transformational technique on the planet it's influenced the course of human history more than any other influence technique is the. Art and.

Science of. Storytelling and metaphor um. I. I embarked on a personal quest to find the most powerful neurologically based approaches to using story and metaphor on the planet.

I've divided this up into five basic modules the. First one is called the. Neuroscience behind story and narrative this teaches you why story. Works how it works why it's such a ninja technology and why people have used it for centuries.

Then it's going to teach you how to use stories for connection short little vignettes that you can tell in the line at. Starbucks is the line of the movie theater over a zoom connection that instantly create powerful. Unstoppable connections to you okay. Module three is called.

Alpha stories now this when people think of. Storytelling for influence and persuasion they most commonly think of alpha stories. Alpha stories. I name this module.

Alpha stories because they come from a process or a category of technique known as. Alpha strategies. Alpha strategies are techniques that add more persuasive push to the message they make you more inspired more motivated um things of that nature. So leaders corporate.

CEOs uh sales people will use these stories to push you or motivate you to get you to want to do something more those are alpha stores very powerful very important there's a structure to them and templates and archetypes that go with that we outline that in a very simple easy to format. So you can deploy these stories anytime you need to to inspire and motivate and. Empower your sales. Empower your team your family what have you.

But modules four and five are actually the secret ones and the secret ones are. Omega stories and ninja stories okay. Omega stories let me see if. I can explain this to you if you can if you think of um if you think of a filing a big filing cabinet right.

And you think of the filing cabinet right. And you have to push this big filing cabinet across the room. So you get a bunch of your friends and they get up behind you and they give you extra push that's an alpha story. Omega stories are different though.

Omega stories don't succeed by adding more persuasion push. Omega stories succeed by eliminating resistance to the persuasion. So if. I have this big heavy filing cabinet for example.

I got all these guys behind me pushing that's an alpha strategy. But let's say. I've got this big heavy filing cabinet or this big rock. I need to move and.

I spread some oil on the ground underneath the um underneath the. The. Rock now. I can push it easy because there's less friction.

I've removed the resistance to that okay. So. Alpha stories give you more push. Omega stories remove resistance what if you could just tell a story and all of a sudden the the attitudes and the the hard line uh beliefs that people have suddenly get really soft and.

Squishy and malleable that's what. Omega stories do and there are six neurological characteristics that make a story neurologically irresistible and remove resistance to persuasion it's called transportability we're going to teach you what these six factors are how to build a story that satisfies these requirements and. Then how to test how to test that story. So that when you deploy it out in the street you know you've maximized its persuasive effectiveness the final module in weapons of mass instruction is called ninja stories aside from the pure persuasion power of story alone stories are also the perfect delivery mechanism for a whole handful of other types of persuasion techniques the best example.

I get how many of you ever seen the movie. Terminator how many have you ever seen the movie. Terminator just type it into okay. You know how in in the actual the original.

Terminator they couldn't send a machine through time because organic inorganic matter wouldn't pass through that that portal right. So what did they do they wrapped the. Terminator in human skin. So it would go through that's exactly what.

Ninja techniques do what. Ninja stories do you have this beautiful well-crafted highly engaging transportational story and. Then embedded inside of that story are things like embedded commands analog marking semantic priming um behavioral priming. IU shifts all these subliminal tactics that not only allow are further refine and amplify the persuasion they they they're completely undetectable we even show you we actually take transcripts from high level presenters who use this technology to get people to rush to the back of the room.

So you can a when you go to these trainings in these seminars you don't go rushing to the back of the room to get something that is not in your best interest. But also you can learn to build these things into your presentations to ethically motivate people to learn better to learn faster to want to take the. Next level with you right. That's what.

Mass. Weapons of. Mass instruction will do for you it allows you to teach people at multiple levels simultaneously. Inspire and motivate them to take that relationship with you to the.

Next level okay. It's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free just for being one of the. First few people to grab um this course it's a total combined value if you look. At the actual screen here now total combined value is uh 4 487 dollars we're not going to stop there we got a whole lot more for you if you grab your package now click that link that's showing up in your links there we're going to teach you one of the most powerful language trainings and behavioral modification trainings.

I've ever come across think about this for a moment how many people have how many times have you ever encountered somebody that you were trying to convince them of something you wanted them to do something and they just either at all these objections or all these limiting beliefs that kept them from acting on what you wanted them to do what if you had something you wanted to do. But your own limiting beliefs kept getting in the way of taking action think about this for a moment what if you had the ability what if you had 14 different ways to completely neutralize and change that limiting belief in seconds to overcome any limiting belief to overcome any objection to win any argument what if you had at least 14 different tools that would instantly change a person's belief and if you use three or more of them in a row would completely destroy a belief system and let you rebuild it from scratch would that be a useful skill to have yes. Or yes. Okay.

That's what. Renegade reframing does. Renegade reframing is based on a series of patterns known as sleight of mouth and this allows you to literally change any belief or overcome any objection in seconds right. If you've got people who are always had a knack of trying of getting you to do things you don't want to do this allows you to instantly turn the tables on them okay.

And again it's one of the most powerful things. I've ever if you've ever seen somebody's lights go on literally it's reframing that usually does it it's a 1997 value this program even comes with templates uh tools and a card game that you can play is called the reframe game. So you can literally sit around with a group of friends and just blast each other's negative beliefs and objections into. Oblivion and replace them with something better in fact when you use these patterns on your limiting beliefs you can't go back to believing the old way ever again okay.

It's really really powerful what could you do if you have 14 different ways to overcome any objection any belief any argument that you found yourself in would that be useful yes. Or yes. Cool all right. It's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value if you do the numbers is six thousand four hundred eighty four dollars.

But we're not done yet we've got more okay. The. Next thing we're gonna do is we're going to teach you how to use all these all of these skills that you've been learning how to take all those skills and more and do them from the stage this. Next bonus is called.

Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers what if you could take every single thing that we've talked about in tonight's webinar every single thing. I've shown you in the secrets of human influence basic are core training the secrets of human influence. Weapons of. Mass instruction the sequence of human influence.

Renegade reframing what if you could take all that and use it from the stage like a. Tony. Robbins or. Mark.

Victor. Hansen or. Elisa sasovich or uh. Richard bandler or any of these luminaries that are utilizing these skills from the state t harvecker on the stage all the time what if you had that amazing ability right.

Now that's what. Charisma and conversion will do for you it will not only teach you basic stagecraft hypnotic stagecraft how to utilize everything you've learned in the previous trainings it will also teach you persuasion architecture it will teach you how the step-by-step method of creating a presentation that not only delivers maximum value to your audience it also subliminally primes them to want to take the. Next step with you would that be useful in an ethical honest way it'll it'll teach you what to look. For when other people are presenting.

I know guys like. Joe dispenza use this guys like. Tony. Robbins use this what if you have these abilities okay.

This is the progression that you go through anybody who does any form of presentation needs these skills right. If you're a coach a therapist a mediator a negotiator at some point you're going to get up in front of a group of people and you're going to have to demonstrate. Charisma you're going to have to wield expert influence and get them to believe what you say and do what you want and overcome any objections or resistances that they may have this will allow you to deploy all of these skills on a massive scale through zoom in an audience of hundreds of people 10 people these are things that have literally changed the course of my life and you're going to get them too in fact we're even going to deconstruct famous transcripts of famous speakers and point out to you all of the subliminal techniques that they're using to get you to rush to the back of the room you can either choose to use it yourself or you can choose to at least protect yourself from them if there's anything. I can do to reframe and.

Enlighten your set and materials with. Grace and color or ask the art. I'm not sure architect okay. Anyway um moving on.

So we had a total value it's a 1997 value we're going to give this to you free it's an 8 481 dollar um values combined. So far if you register before the end of the webinar. So let's just review what we've talked about because remember once we're done with section two we're going to circle back and we're going to continue to build on the the information that we gave you in section one. So you're going to get in the sequence of human influence home study course we're going to get you we're going to give you the 17 video seven stage.

Universal persuasion protocol it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to throw in the killer influence mind control. Mastery manual this has all the extra material. I talked about proxemic hypnotic operators cold reading lie detection meta program social hypnotic operators uh dirty rotten tricks uh attraction skills. Authority skills affinity and acquiescence skills the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic attraction it's all in there it's 2 497 value and we're going to throw in weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling and secrets and the manual to 1997 value um we're gonna give it to you free we're going to give you.

Renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds during normal conversations it's a 1997 value we're going to give you. Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers it's a 1997 value total combined value is eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars. But because it's the. Last webinar of the year because the prices are going up as of.

January 1st. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible today. So for today only if you grab your package you click that button right. Now and reserve your seat reserve your skills you're not going to have to pay eight thousand four hundred eighty one dollars you're not going to pay six thousand four hundred eighty one dollars.

I could drop another two grand. But you know what you're not even going to pay that we're not going to make you pay 3 347 dollars you're not even going to pay 2 347. for those of you who have liked even a little bit have seen the taste of even a tiny bit of the power in this program if you want it all and you want our help to get you from where you are to where you want to be you can get every single thing. I've talked about right. Here right.

Now get it now for one low investment of just 9.97 and if you need a little extra help because it's the end of the year you can even break that up into three installments of 397. this will never be this low ever again. I promise you okay. It's total value is um 8481 you get it all for one low installment at just 9.97 or three easy installments of 397 and all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o. That's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o let me put that in my for my.

YouTubers www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo just click the link right. Now reserve your spot because most of you know have been around. Planet.

David for the fast action takers especially more goodies right. But if you're on the fence if you if maybe you're brand new to. Planet. David and he's like well this all sounds really good.

David. But how do. I know this will work for me. I promise you if you apply these skills if you do if you train the way we train it will work for you.

However if for some reason it does not every single thing that we're offering you today only comes with a 60-day money-back 100 satisfaction guarantee take these grab your course right. Now click the link start downloading your material start going through it from the killer influence materials the secrets of human influence 17 video set go through it step by step by step start applying it if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to getting the life you want if you're not hearing yes. More and more and more if you're not being able to control and dominate and manage social situations work situations interpersonal situations and you're not satisfied if we can't get you through your stumbling blocks let us know we'll give you a full refund no. Question well we will ask questions.

But if it's not paying you the dividends we're promising you know we've under promised what this stuff can do for you honestly if it's not delivering you have absolutely zero risk all you got to do is pick up the phone give us a phone call send us an email let us know that it's not working out the way you planned it and we will refund your money and you can even keep uh the courses that you've downloaded on me okay. So again if you're not making more money closing more deals on the fast track to financial emotional social freedom um feel more secure and confident pick up the phone let us know we'll refund your money you have absolutely zero risk here just go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g-o www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o one more time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go right. Now right. And grab your course uh.

Stephanie's standing by to answer any questions that you may have okay. Um if you call. Stephanie keep in mind that when we hit this time in our webinars the the. Avalanche the.

Stampede starts if you get a busy signal if you get her voicemail here's what you must do you must leave your full contact information name email phone number okay. If you call and you hang up and you call back tomorrow if you call after the deadline you will not qualify for the bonuses okay. But if you're logged in our system and again don't call her to tell your life story we'll help you with that after you're on the other side if you have questions about the course uh payment plans things of that nature call her up give her your information she will help you she is the most amazing. Administrative.

Assistant. I have ever had and everybody absolutely loves her she will find a way to help you get access to your course um you know within reason of course. But she's amazing. But again if you don't leave your information she can't help you and you don't qualify.

So if you if you've liked anything about what you've seen in this webinar even a little bit click that link give. Stephanie a call shoot her an email we'll get you your product as quickly and rapidly as we can and we'll show you where to take it from there go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and if this wasn't amazing enough you had to know this was coming grab your course before. December 29th 2022 at 11 59. PM we're also going to throw in these amazing fast action bonuses again.

I like. I. I've always believed that the behavior that gets report rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets re repeated gets reinforced. I want you to be the action takers in life.

I want you to be the guys and the gals who are on the front lines getting the best stuff for themselves. John. Thompson says he's in welcome aboard my friend. So for those of you who are excited about what you've been learning.

So far. I'm gonna add more stuff. I'm going to give you an even more powerful package if you're one of the. First 15 or 16 people to grab this course now by going to www.killerinfluence.com this is what you get.

First and foremost you're going to get a community you're going to get three month unlimited trial access to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program this is this program has been running non-stop for since 2010. it's been going on every month month after month for 11 solid years now the way the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program works is you don't. I there's no. Certificate that you're going to get from. The.

Mastermind program we literally meet on the. Third. Saturday of every month from 11. A.M to 4.

P.M you come in you sit down either virtually or physically. I look. At you. I ask your name.

I write it on the board. I say what do you want to learn today. So. John what do you want to learn today creative what do you want to learn today.

Jill what do you want to learn today. Zachary what do you want to learn today and. I write that stuff on the board and when. I'm all done writing that stuff on the board.

I step back. I look. At all the. Connecting.

Threads where all these different techniques intersect. I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next six five to six hours. I drill you guys on those skills from 11AM to 4.

P.M until you can do them in your sleep okay. We'll break you up into groups. I'll observe you. I'll give you feedback.

I'll role play with you as a group okay. At the end of that four or five hours you log off you go out into the world you apply your techniques you get the results you came back for you find your sticking points you show up on the. Next. Saturday or the.

Next the. Third. Saturday the. Next month.

I'm going to ask you what do you want to learn today you're going to tell me. I'm going to write them on the board. I'm going to create the lesson plan on the spot and. I'm going to drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay.

You will not get a certificate from the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program what you will get is a skill set the ability to actually train and practice these skills with like-minded individuals who are not going to try and burn you at the stake think you're weird or some kind of sociopath or narcissist or whatever because you want to become more influential and charismatic the other part of that is you will be surrounded by people just like you who want to get better you will make friends and and comrades and brothers and sisters in arms that will be with you for as long as you choose to be with us okay. I have never found a better more joyful more helpful group of people than the people that that populate.

Planet. David and. I'm happy and proud to include you as as one of those well regardless of what level you are with me. I consider you all my students.

I consider you all part of my extended family for those of you who want to get deeper into a community that is all about free thinking all about becoming more empowered and changing the world starting with yours. I invite you to. I'm giving you three months to come in try it out and the best part about this is we've run this program every month month after month for the. Last 11 years we have videotaped every single one of those trainings and we've archived them on the.

NLP power on the. David. Center. NLP website we've archived them on our.

Facebook. Group we've archived them on our. YouTube channel as a member of the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program you get 24 hour a day seven day a week 300 well not well 90-day access to the entire 11-year archive stuff that's never been shown on. YouTube stuff that's never been in a product stuff that's never been made a short out of you get to binge watch it to your heart's content it covers the full spectrum of. Cove of topics from law of attraction to physical and emotional attraction to trauma resolution manifestation psychic skills accelerated learning persuasion and influence marketing copywriting um psychic self-defense yada yada it's all in there it's member driven. So it's something that again one of the problems is because it's member driven the content for each month is going to be right.

A lot of it will be repetitive a lot of it will be very very different. So if you don't mind that member drivenness to the content you just want to binge watch over 300 videos at least probably a thousand hours or more of content that's never been seen and learned cool stuff with cool people three-month trials worth it after three months if you like it we'll show you how to stay and extend your membership if you don't like it you got three months to test it and meet some cool people and get some. Hands-On training it's a 1597 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you're one of the fast action takers one of the people who raised their hand says. I deserve this you and.

I'm going to go for it all right. It's uh 1597 value total combined value is ten thousand seventy eight dollars all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o and you can grab your bonuses and we'll get you in the. Next. Mastermind okay.

We're not going to stop there be one of the. Next few people to grab this package right. Now before. I log off the webinar and that's the bonus that's the limiter by the way these.

Next these three bonuses the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program the one we're about to talk about and if there's one after that those are only good until. I log off tonight's webinar the rest of the bonuses will be available until 11 59 pm tonight.

December uh 29th 2022. But when. I log off tonight's webinar when. I click the end button.

NLP power goes away the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course goes away and our final super surprise mystery bonus goes away. So let me tell you what's. Next for those of you who are in the mood to take your life to the. Next level you want to get started even faster we're going to teach you the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course stealth is actually an acronym it stands for uh strategic suggestion through emotionally.

Amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis okay. And it's a fast. Start program it's designed for you you launch a couple of videos you literally take two hours watch a couple videos write a few sentences and you can be out hypnotizing people immediately tonight okay. For those of you who don't want to wait who want the most powerful distilled get started right.

Now program on the planet this will do it it comes with transcripts it comes with manuals it comes with bonus videos bonus videos like uh hidden. Laws of. Attraction uh hypnotic hypnotic hot buttons which is all about anchoring or. Criterion values it talks about lie detection instant and.

Rapid inductions there are six bonus there's six bonus videos of me teaching the most powerful hypnotic language patterns on the planet in a live scenario in a live uh conference in somebody's home believe it or not many many years ago you'll see me if. I'm a little bit portlier. Then. But very very powerful one of the best trainings.

I've ever done to civilians. So you're going to get all that and a whole lot more okay. It's a 997 dollar value uh this one also also comes with uh. MP3s that you can listen to while driving.

I wouldn't recommend listening to the hypnotic uh language videos while driving though that could be problematic okay. Total value is 11 075 dollars and. Finally for the. Next 21 people who grab your package right.

Now before. I log off this webinar we're going to give you this we're going to give you a free. VIP ticket to our. Next killer influence 2023 live hypnotic persuasion boot camp this is a five-day certification course from.

January 24th to the 25th 28th in. The. Orleans. Hotel and.

Casino. Live in. Las. Vegas and it's going to be we're going to teach you in those full days how to become everything we've talked about in the unlimited influence program.

But we're going to do it live we're going to get to practice you're going to get feedback from me you're going to learn the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist the three categories of. Rapport you're going to learn um hold on a. Second let me let me get my my list here just to cover. I want to make sure.

I get give you everything here you're going to learn. Rock. Solid. State.

Control. Secrets. Power report techniques how to emotionally. Bond yourself to your subject's deepest desires the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence how to cold read people and instantly profile people you're going to learn the secrets of social hypnotics proximic hypnosis meta programs and filters to human perception object relations.

Theory the the secrets of becoming ridiculously attractive to anyone you meet how do people hanging on your heavy work every word the one simple language pattern really forces a person to hang on the one on everything you say and do the three magic questions protocol that allows you to go from perfect stranger to a level of connection bordering on love and um. Intimacy in as little as 20 minutes how to bind people's thoughts uh others to make them think and do the things you want them to think and do how to protect yourself from unwanted influence and. So much more. So much to this you're going to get the.

Hands-On training you're going to get the personal feedback we're gonna drill you on these skills over and over and over again. So that you fully and completely embody the training that's what the. Live. Events do and that's why.

I'm. So excited and why as as much as people are going to. Virtual events and. I think virtual events are here to stay.

I will never stop doing live trainings live trainings you could ask anybody veterans in. Planet. David the live trainings are a. Quantum.

Leap from the home train now the home trainings are powerful don't get me wrong. But you come in one way you leave completely different once people have had the live experience they they can't wait to get back to the. Next one. But don't believe me talk to the veterans in.

Planet. David for those of you who are veterans from planet. David who've been to the. Live.

Events expressed to these people how how they're different from the vert video trainings the video trainings are good if you can't get to a live event that's fine. But now with this free. VIP ticket and let me explain this to you that's that that boundary is even smaller and smaller and smaller it's a two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value let me explain a little bit about how our. VIP ticket program actually works the.

VIP ticket program has no. Cancellation date it does not expire. So what that means is let's say something you get your. VIP ticket now.

But something comes up in. January that you can't come with a live event well that's not a problem you just pick up the phone you send. Stephanie the email we'll move you to the. Next killer event training or another training of equal or lesser value that you qualify to attend certain numbers of our trainings have prerequisites you can't get into them without either killer influence or identity by.

Design. So we will move you to the. Next training let's say that your schedule's full the training sells out and. Then at the.

Last minute your schedule frees up now you can come to the training. But there's no. Room at the end there's no. There's no.

Seats left if you have one of our special. VIP tickets we'll make a seat for you we will find a place for you at the training and we'll put you at the head of the line because you took. The initiative to get in our via. VIP member database okay.

Let's say as will happen as of. January 1st the price for this event goes up now instead of paying 20 to 50 at the door you're paying 37.50 right. Well if you have one of these. VIP tickets you just walk in doesn't matter what the price is let's say you want to come to one of our killer event killer influence events in uh the.

UK or. Cyprus or the in. Europe and the the exchange rate boosts the price up even more if you have one of these. VIP tickets you just walk right.

To the front of the room it doesn't cost you a dime you already because you were smart enough to invest in advance you have price guarantee you will the pro you will never have to pay whatever the price is at the door if there's if there's no. Seats left we will make a seed for you if you know somebody that you think could benefit from this kind of training you can gift your. VIP ticket to them and get they could have that benefit what a lot of our students have done is like they've bought two or three packages and given the. VIP tickets away as gifts to the people they care about who they think would be uh most benef benefited by this material.

So um see is there anything else about the. VIP program if it takes you four years to get to a live event right. You get your your. VIP ticket right.

Now. But you your schedule won't let you travel until 2026 well guess what when you're ready you pick up the phone that ticket's still ready it's still good you can still come to the event and even if the training's doubled or tripled in price you still get to come in you get your own special um bump to the front of the line. So to speak. So.

I've had people get. VIP tickets in like 2020 like um in 2016. I don't hear from again until 2020. their ticket's still good your ticket's still good if as long as you're in our. VIP database we will find a place for you at the training if something comes up at the.

Last minute it's yours okay. All you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo total package value for today is 13 325 dollars thirteen thousand three hundred twenty five dollar value if you tried to buy these things individually on the website which some of them you can't okay. So let's just review this really quick secrets of human influence home study course two thousand four hundred and seventy nine dollar value uh.

Weapons of. Mass instruction 1997 value we're going to give it to you free we're going to give you uh the. Renegade reframing conversation of belief change and objection. Mastery home study course and cotton card game 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're going to give you the charisman conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers 1997 value we're going to give that team free okay.

The. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program 1597 value we're gonna give it to you for free the stealth instant conversation at gnosis crash course 997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and. Finally the cherry on the.

Sunday the thing that makes it all takes it all to the. Next level the cable influence. VIP super ticket five-day certification boot camp live at. The.

Orleans. Hotel and. Casino. January 24th through the 28th.

Las. Vegas. Nevada now let's say you have a specific. Focus for your persuasion maybe you want to focus on attraction dating and relating skills we have a five-day training coming up in uh in.

February called attraction. Mastery that is based on the killer influence training if you want to take that training instead you can substitute your. VIP ticket for killer influence for a killer for a. VIP ticket to attraction.

Mastery um it also gives you a little bit more time to prepare. So two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value total package value is 13 325 dollars you can get all of yours for one low investment once again do the math guys and gals one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need to three installments of 397 each all you got to do is click that link immediately in the chat go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o it's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go if you need to talk to. Stephanie reach her at 858-282-4663 or you can email her at. Stephanie at nlppower.com okay.

And okay. So here's what we're gonna do it is 609 by my. Reckoning what we're going to do is we're going to take a seven minute break seven minute break when we come back from our break we are going to pick up where we left off in section one and we are going to visit the most powerful hypnotic language pattern or the um the the language kind of has people hanging on your every word we're going to revisit the emotional bonding checklist and we're going to customize the content of the rest of tonight's webinar to your your specific your favorite uh applications okay. So like.

I said we'll see you at 6 17 and we'll be back for more training more experiences. I'll answer questions that you have and we will stay on uh as long as you guys want to stay on to really get this material and embody it and use it sound like a plan all right. We'll see you very very soon all right. Unmute all right.

We got a minute or two till uh we're back to the to part three of tonight's training. So if you have any questions that. I could answer in the. Next few minutes before we get back to training not asking for a friend asking myself anytime guys again.

I'm always here. I'm always available either through. Stephanie or through me or you know directly um. I recommend most correspondences go through.

Stephanie. But every now and. Then you get lucky all right. Um let me go ahead and put the cameras back on.

So. I don't forget oops. I don't want to do that uh hold on a. Second what did.

I do here we go okay. And now the it's on the other side damn it all right. All right. So uh let me go ahead and put my chats back up we're back to training.

So we have. Menace how um lots of questions in the corner okay. But everything is added to your account on. David.

Snyder and up okay. It's like. Stephanie and. Seth have that uh question answering part handle if you have any questions um related to persuasion and influence.

I'm happy to field those questions while uh. Stephanie and uh. Brandon and. Seth and.

I don't know if. Holly is in there or not are. Fielding the uh other stuff. John.

Thompson is asking do you have any. UK. Europe boot camps planned we are in the process of planning them uh right. Now we're looking at uh.

Australia. I know that's not. Europe all right. We're looking at.

Australia and uh. Costa. Rica for 2023 um if it's possible to do a. Europe or.

UK training. Then we will absolutely look. For a way to do that my gut tells me that um. UK and.

Europe are going to be 2024. I've been jonesing to get back to. Europe and the. UK for a while now.

Steven. Wright. Is asking. I don't understand what reframing is reframing is the ability to change the meaning or way of thinking about a particular subject belief or statement.

So for example if. I if someone says to me um. I think um abortion is bad. I could change that statement by saying well it's not that abortion is bad it's the way people are going about the process and thinking about it that is really the problem right.

I can change the way people that can change people's perspective on the issue right. And there's about 14 different perspective changes that you can apply to any belief or statement that will dramatically uh expand the way a person thinks and gives you the ability to just derail any train of thought or change an argument or belief system and inject a new one that's one of the powers of the. Renegade reframing course uh is that it allows you to literally stop remember we talked about let me let me go back to um just this remember we talked about at the beginning of the webinar how everything human beings do has a structure to it or a pattern well one of the things that becomes extremely strategically useful is when you understand the structure of a person's thoughts it becomes a tactically useful sometimes to break that pattern to interrupt it in such a way that the brain can't finish the thought and what. Renegade reframing does in addition to actually changing the perspective it interrupts the thought process and creates a moment of heightened suggestibility that allows you to inject a new idea into that person and it.

Spirals and. Then they go off on that train of thought okay. Uh it's extremely powerful um we recommend the reason that we included it with the package is because those are the. Renegade reframing is what you use when you screw up what's in what's in the unlimited influence program when you screw up emotional bonding and you screw up um uh.

Criterion values and they give you an objection you use the reframe patterns to defeat it to get back to reframing or the exactly and the reason for that is because if you apply the emotional bonding process to in any situation or circumstance you'll almost never get an objection that's what's scarily consistent about emotional bonding checklist is that when you tap into a person's deepest emotional desires and you link it to what you're offering them in a way that they recognize ninety percent of their objections go out the window and they will start coming up with their own rationale for why they want to do it does that make sense. I mean even if it doesn't that's that's that's how it works. So we we actually you know the the secrets of your influence system the universal persuasion protocol was. So powerful we didn't need to add anything to it we still don't.

I created these other levels a because. I was curious and. B because. I wanted to know how much further we could take it you know and.

So regardless of whether you're doing killer influence or. CPI one um uh like uh these are all like the weapons of mass destruction you might also see it listed as. CPI level two or and run again reframing is. CPI level three or.

Charisma conversion is. CPI level four because it was originally the. CPI. Silo.

CPI one two three and four we're all about linguistic influence and linguistic hypnosis killer influence started with the same place it started at. CPI level one and. Then it added all of these non-verbal influence strategies and. Technologies to it.

So the killer influence and and. CPI start in the same place. Then they go off into very different directions. So what we've done with this package is we've given you both of those branches we've given you the killer influence which has the the core language training and.

Then we've layered on the spatial hypnotic operators the social hypnotic operators the attraction hypnotic operators. The. Authority hypnotic operators the dirty rotten trick hypnotic operators the cold reading. The.

Meta program we've layered all of these behavioral things and non-verbal hypnotic influence. Tools in this one package and. Then we've also given you the advanced language training the storytelling and metaphor training the the. Renegade the reframe training the persuade the the stage presentation skills we've given you both silos in this one package now we've included the ability to get the hands up extra.

Hands-On training before you even get to the live event you can get three months of. Hands-On training on specific aspects of these skills you can do the fast start with the stealth and get started right. Now tonight if you want and. Then of course you have the live event.

So when you think about this package in your package you've got the best of everything in this one training right. And the cherry on the cake is once again you you get to bring it all into your body uh through the live event. So. I'm really you know the more.

I think about this package the more like. I really need to raise the price on this sucker. But uh. But right.

Now it's it's a it's an amazing deal. So um. I kind of went off on a little bit of a tangent there. But.

I hope that's useful. I hope that helps answer. David is bad at arithmetic okay. Actually um that's not my fault that was our web guy's fault.

I'm. Glam passing the book. Anyway um. So now that we're in phase three of the webinar.

I'm curious what questions do you have what questions do you have type it in the chat if you have you know specific questions or things that you want to focus in on. I have an idea of where. I want to go. But it's always an idea just type in the chat what era of your life you want to you want you want to apply these skills to us and.

Then depending on what the majority says we'll drill down on that for you this is your training. So you tell me work okay. Natalia you're gonna have to be a little bit more specific sweetie in other words what do you want to be able to do how does. Consciousness repeat itself okay.

I think what you mean is how do patterns repeat well they do um. I don't know that that particular question remains your influence. But um. I can.

I could show you one if we drill down on language. I can show you one. I'd like to be able to remember these skills when caught off guard okay. To do that you need to actually practice with live humans um and you need to chunk it down okay.

Um that's something that you need we can we can work on that a little bit. But the way we would do that is just have you role play those things over and over and over again. Lawson says what is the progression in the training say starting with package. Then what becomes and.

Then what to become a phenomenal therapist okay. So if you want to use these things for therapeutic interventions start with a the secrets of human influence core training that's going to give you unmatched. Unstoppable influence skills it's also going to give you the ability to drill down on what people's real problems are and motivate them to to take in and do your solution okay. Uh from there believe it or not if you want to be a phenomenal therapist the.

Next place you would go is not in this package it would be the identity by. Design hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification program that's also a live event now if you want to substitute identity by design for one of your other bonuses that would give you um a really really big bang for your buck. So if you if. I if.

I if there were one course that. I would say you could suck out for this it would be. Charisma and conversion. So if you wanted to you could take this the core package this sequence of human influence study course.

Weapons of. Mass instruction. Renegade reframing substitute identity by design for the. Charisma conversion program and now you would have a maximum therapy skills with maximum influence skills and that would be um probably the best the best approach to you um everyone always wants me excitedly happy okay.

Is that a question. Adrian or is that a statement all right. You know let's take us let's take a slightly different track. Then um obviously um we're getting a lot of questions about the program and that's fine.

I want to teach you more stuff. So. Natalia says. I'm looking to enhance my internal communication.

I'm greater influence outside my organization it's my primary function. But fail consistently with every organization. I've been. I've been with to be able to apply the same logic internally.

I work in. Tech sales okay. So here's what we're going to do we're going to start with the one technique that will make people feel heard understood and more compliant in the shortest amount of time possible. I usually start.

I usually start the training with this. But for some reason we went more into the state control side of things. But. I'm going to share with you one of the most powerful language techniques.

Adrian says changing my negative state. I'm always up supposed to be happy okay. Well. I don't think you're always supposed to be happily excited.

But if you want to be happily excited on demand. I reference the techniques that we did at in part one of the webinar the posture the breathing the color breathing and the spinning those will will radically change your state in the shortest amount of time possible posture work especially is one of the things you want to keep going back over and over and over again. So for for that. I would reference the.

First part of the webinar the training tonight. But let's start putting these things together okay. So. I'm going to go ahead and share my screen and we're going to talk about the echo technique it's got a little frog in my throat.

I apologize share screen window and it's not there okay. All right. There we go okay. So for how many of you how many of you have never heard of the echo technique okay.

Robert's never heard of it perfect. Adrian says. I have not oh healing sounds vibrations and frequency says don't forget to vote for. David for the number one.

NLP trainer of 2022 or 2023 hands down best teacher of many modalities. I'm much appreciative well thank you healing sounds thank you very much for that uh if people want to know how to vote. I'll. I'll.

I'll share my screen. Later and. I'll show you how to go to the global guru's website and vote. So let's talk about the echo technique if.

I were to ask you what are the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment most people would probably say a person's name. I would argue that point some of you are cheating you've got the notes here's the secret the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth now this sounds crazy it sounds like that couldn't possibly be true. But we have not only do we have hundreds of real world field reports of how this works my own personal experience included. But we have at least three different disciplines corroborating this phenomena.

Alexander. Penland in his work on honest signals has corroborated the power of using a person's very own words uh. Chris. Voss author of uh never split the difference talks about tactical empathy and the in using a person's own words as a way to influence them powerfully and positively.

David. Grove in his studies in. Therapeutics on clean language discusses the power of using a person's very own word now. I personally learned this phenomena from what.

I think is the. Grand. Master of influence and persuasion that. I learned from and that was a guy named.

Henry. Cleveland. I had no. Idea the true power of it when.

I learned it. I knew it was powerful. But. I had no.

Idea just how powerful that particular process was. So why the echo technique. So let me go ahead and share my screen for our you our. YouTubers why do we want to do this.

First and foremost the echo technique is the way to get maximum attention in minimum time how many of you have ever been at a uh a party like a really noisy loud party and you're on one side of the room and. Then somebody all the way across this crowded noisy room mentions your name and you turn around and look. At the person anybody ever had that happen tap you know type yes. In the chat if you've had that happen okay.

Why is that it's because every human being on the planet has an autonomic nervous system that autonomic nervous system is inherently selfish whether you're conscious of it or not your autonomic nervous system is constantly searching and scanning the environment for anything that it believes is relevant to you like your name your neurology has a selfish orientation remember at the beginning of today's training we went through the emotional motivation checklist right. And. I had you write down what did you want to take away from this webinar right. You guys remember that process and.

Then underneath that. I asked you to write a what's important about that and write the answer and. Then under that. I had you write.

B what's important about that and write the answer and. Then see what's important about that and write the answer all you did ladies and gentlemen to facilitate that supercharged desire was repeat your very own words out loud to yourself when a person speaks and this goes to the pattern question that. I think it was. Adrian was asking when a person speaks the structure of their words the order and sequence of their words the choices of words that they use have been processed through an uncalculable number of conscious and unconscious filters.

So by the time you have an idea an idea or a feeling and it comes out as words it's gone through. So many transformations to translate that that nebulous body feeling or emotion into something you can articulate it's gone through an incalculable number of filtering processes and what comes out of your mouth is the product of all of those filters. So think of it like taking a um you guys remember. Plato yes.

You know. General. Plato is right. Ew yes.

Okay. That's fine. So. I don't know if.

I don't know if they still have this. But when. I was a kid right. You they had this little like squisher thing almost like a a meat grinder thing you would take the.

Play-Doh and you would put it in one end and there would be like a little filtered like a star shape or a square shape or a circle shape on the other end and you would push the. Play-Doh in and it would squeeze the. Play-Doh through this tube and through that shape on the other end you guys remember that think of your words like that that. Plato coming out the other end right.

So when a person's words come out they have a shape to them a structure a sequence a set of meanings all of these are connected and implicit in those word choices that are uniquely specific to the nervous system that created it when you give a person's very own words back to them it goes right. Down that tube like a perfect key to lock fit and it stimulates every level of that person's neurology from the most superficial to the deepest emotional and. Primal drives you guys get it when you use a person's very own words it's like having a bump key to their nervous system it's the hidden back door and there is absolutely zero chance of mistranslation miscommunication misunderstanding if that were all the echo technique did it would be awesome. But there's a whole lot more this thing does and it's and on the surface it's just.

So stupid how could just repeating a person's very own words back to them create such powerful psycho-emotional leverage it's because every human being is moving through the world searching for themself right. One of the most powerful principles in human influence in human behavior is called the identity principle the identification. Trigger or mechanism if you go to the if you go to a mall right. And you buy a really cool watch and you make let's say for some reason you're getting on the bus to go home.

I don't know why you would take a bus. But maybe you're one of those areas where taking the bus is more more appropriate you get on the bus you get on a bus you see someone sitting on the bus has the exact same watch or pair of shoes that you just bought or wearing the odds of you going sitting. Next to that person and even striking or just striking up a conversation go up exponentially. Alexander.

Penland in his studies on mimicry which is what the echo technique is showed that when people actively mimic their interviewers and pay increases uh job evaluations the average pay increase the average bump in conversion was 30 percent think about that just giving a person's very own words and gestures back to them created a 30 increase in how much money they were given how many sales they converted. How likely they were to be promoted what would a 30 increase in your success rate do to your life right. Now right. Zachary says yep.

I did that right. So the science is there your belief doesn't have to be because this technique. Works whether you believe it will or not as long as you're doing it from the right. Place now what.

I mean by that it's possible to congruently. Echo a person's words and not embody what. I'm about to tell you. So diet says would it be possible here's some dialogue examples.

I. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do a. I'm going to do a uh uh a demonstration of it in just a moment uh time to tell you says.

I have difficulty with tonality and often sound combative okay. Uh. Natalia do you have an accent that you're working with no. Okay.

All right. So chances are if you're coming across sounding combative you're not softening your language enough. I'm gonna. I'm gonna show you how to train this technique and.

I'm going to show you some of the bells and whistles. I usually teach at the. Live. Events.

I'm neurodivergent okay. I'll take that well that well you know what that means. Natalia that means you can do everything means you can be a kinesthetic an auditory individual. Eduardo says.

I get called arrogant especially by my family okay. Well here's the thing are they right. First thing was. I mean whenever.

I talk whenever somebody accuses you of something the. First thing you have to ask seriously when when somebody accuses you of something regardless of whether it hurts your feelings or not the. First question you need to ask from your perspective is are they right. If the answer is no.

Then you have to stop taking it personally and realize it's all about them and not you oh okay. You've been called pushy most of us have from one time or another those are usually defense mechanisms from people who are running out of ways to say no. But if you follow if you trust me actually don't trust me just do what. I say test it for yourself and.

Then come back and get more stuff. I'm going to teach you how to how to practice and deploy the echo technique if you can do things others can't sometimes they call you arrogant again when people here's something. I want you to take to mind uh when it comes to these these people who are trying to manipulate you through emotions and name calling. I learned this.

I got this in a there was an episode of. Bones once that had a really brilliant. Englishman on there and he said and he. I'm sure he stole this quote from somebody else.

But he basically said the books people write often say more about the person writing the book. Than they do about the person the book. Is about translate that into comments and opinions the comments people make often say more about the person making the comment. Then the person the comment is directed at now if you wrap your mind around that idea you can start to view what people say about you from a different perspective and that perspective allows you to feel differently about what's being said.

So you can have a different response. But if you when you learn it when you come to the killer influence training you're going to learn just like in. NLP the meaning of any communication is equal to the response it generates in the person you're seeking to communicate with. So if.

I'm communicating with somebody and. I tell them for example you know what. I find you to be the most interesting fascinating person. I've talked to in years.

I am. So glad we met and they look. At me and they say to me you arrogant egotistical ass who's right. In that communication from a neuro-linguistic standpoint who's right.

According to. NLP the person who just called you the. Arrogant ass why because at the end of the day in spite of what you intend in spite of your best intentions you cannot fully ever control how people choose to interpret what you say except when you use a person's very own words in the sentence let me repeat that it is on a functional level not fully possible to completely control how people will choose to interpret what you say in spite of your best intentions accept when you use their exact words in as close to the order and sequence that they spoke as humanly possible does that make sense yeah you missed it because you were taking it personally and that's fine because without training how would you know to do otherwise you see that's the difference you see we're all human we all have emotions we all have feelings we all have triggers. But it's the training that we have that allows us different choices you know you're going to learn this at killer influence.

I tell all of my students my. First job as your teacher is to teach you how to be more aware how to perceive things that are in plain sight or plain hearing that are completely below the threshold of conscious awareness why because without awareness there is no. Choice one of my teachers um what's his name oh. God.

I can't believe. I'm drawing a blank on him now um he was my he's my kinesic interview and interrogation teacher at uh. OSU he said to me he gave me two great sayings that have stuck with me to this day the. First is start with what you know actually.

I was the. Third one he taught us um he says if. I know you better than you know me. I can influence you okay.

Let me write myself read that if. I know you better than you know me. I can influence you if. I know you better than you know yourself.

I can control you let me repeat that if. I know you better than you know me. I can influence you if. I know you better.

Then you know yourself. I can control you okay. Remember this anything in killer influence we call this the. First rule of influence.

Second rule actually. Second rule of influence okay. Leanne says if. I know you better than you know me.

I can control or. I can influence you if. I know you better than you know me. I can influence you if.

I know you better than you know yourself. I can control you. First action of influence in in. David's.

World anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control okay. You guys with me on this anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control addendum to the. First rule of influence just because you're not aware of it doesn't mean it isn't influencing and controlling you and repeat that just because you are not aware of something does not mean it isn't influencing or controlling you my. First priority my.

First job is your teacher your guy your mentor in the. Realms on the oceans of persuasion is to teach you how to become more aware aware of yourself aware of the. Dynamics of human interaction of where patterns that repeat and. Then ultimately non-verbal communication and all those other things that go into extended enhanced awareness why.

So you know where the greatest leverage points are in everyone you meet right. The idea behind influence is not to kitchen sink people it's about having a set of go-to techniques that as. You observe someone you know which points give you the greatest amount of physical emotional or verbal leverage in an ethical honest way right. Without taking advantage you give people an opportunity to get things that are really important to them in a way that they recognize you can only do that through enhanced awareness right.

So uh before let me just. I've talked a little bit let me remind you that there is a timer on the uh the package that we're offering. So let me just review that really quick and. Then.

I want to jump into some more of what the echo technique will do for you the. Dynamics of it ways that you can integrated into your normal way of interacting with people what you can expect when you start to use it what to calibrate for and. Then. I'll give you a demonstration of what that might look.

Like in a sales context okay. So let's go ahead and and uh review this really quickly um. Inspector. Gadget.

I know. I'm weird get over it it's the end of the year are you guys having fun. So far are you learning anything okay. For those of you who came in late might have missed this presentation everything.

I'm teaching you about is drawn from the uh the package that is displayed on your screen this is our uh secrets of killer influence unlimited influence home study course uh to 2479 value and includes the uh 17 video course and the 214 page manual. Weapons of. Mass instruction 1997 value give that to you absolutely free uh we're gonna give you the the. Renegade reframing and the.

Art of conversational belief change uh 1997 value we're going to give you. Charisma and conversion uh the 1997 value and by the way if you've been in. Planet. David for a while and you maybe own some of these courses you can let.

Stephanie know and she'll swap out any course of equal or lesser value and. So you can kind of customize your package a little bit okay. Uh we're also going to throw in the. Charisma conversion to 1997 value we're going to give this to you free you're going to get three month trial membership to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program it's a 1597 value we're going to give that to you for free you're gonna get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at 997 dollars we're going to give that to you free and. Then. Finally you get your killer influence.

VIP super ticket to the five day killer influence certification boot camp. January 24th through the 28th at. The. Orleans.

Hotel uh in. Las. Vegas. Hotel.

Casino. In. Las. Vegas.

Nevada it's a two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give that to you free all of these total package values are worth thirteen thousand three hundred and twenty five dollars if you grab this package before. I log off the webinar you can get all of this for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need a little help we can have. Stephanie break that up for you into three easy installments of just 397. all you need to do is click that link in your window right. There go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go it's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go right.

Now www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go all right. So uh. Steve was asking a question let me see if. I can see it here.

David why do you why do you think people don't realize what you're doing when you're using the echo technique. Stephen it's because they're focused on other things consciously they're consciously focused on one level of the communication. But their autonomic nervous system their limbic system their reptile brain are not sorting direct they don't put the. Primacy or the importance um on the content the meanings of the words.

So much as the order the sequence and the structure. Danny ferrati just signed up. I'm looking forward. Danny welcome aboard we love you welcome to the family.

I can't wait to train with you uh in. January welcome aboard my friend um. So remember that. So much of human communication is outside of conscious awareness the average human being is blissfully unaware of 99.9 of the data going on around them notice in the key word is consciously their unconscious mind is monitoring all of it and it's filtering these things out from your conscious mind your neocortex level awareness because your your neocortex can't process that much data that quickly in the non-linear format that is coming at you it just can't do it it doesn't mean your neurology isn't processing it okay.

When you get the book. Um how emotions are made by. Dr. Lisa.

Feld memberra and you learn about the theory of constructed emotions you will learn that your nervous system does not function in real time it's literally operating milliseconds ahead of reality it's creating a projection and a simulation of what it believes is going to happen. Next and when that the projection and the reality don't match their nervous system literally backs up your awareness inserts the changes and moves you forward without you ever knowing it happens would you like to would you like to experience this right. Now would you like me to prove this to you type yes. Or yes.

In the chat okay. This is something you'll learn in in your stealth. CPI course it's also something that you'll learn um in your in your sequence of human influence language training. I'm going to give you a sentence okay.

It's not going to be a good sentence in other words it's going to be a very weird sense there's going to be paid there's going to be pauses the pauses are. So you can process what. I'm doing and experience it okay. So you guys ready type in the chat if you're ready okay.

We'll get through the echo technique in a minute. But this is uh answering the question from our. YouTube folks the camel the camel that was. Green with three legs breakdanced backwards up the hill and exploded quietly now how weird was that sentence let me ask you a question when.

I said camel and. I paused what color was your camel was it was crystal says tan tan. Brown tan what happened when. I said that was.

Green. John. Thompson's rolling on the floor of the imagery. Seth got out of can of paint right.

What'd you have to do did you have to back up your picture change the camel to green and. Then move forward oh. But wait a minute when. I said the camel and.

I paused how many legs did it have one picture overlaid on top of the other right. Which which picture came. First. Crystal contain one exactly seven or nine.

I don't know what that means. Natalia here's my point. I said a camel a picture and flashed in your brain your brain projected it it predicted what a camel looks like and it had and it was tan and brown and had four legs until. I said what that was.

Green and had three legs and. Then you had to back up your picture paint the camel green and. Lop off one of his legs. Then.

I said that break danced when. I said your camel was break dancing how level was the ground flat until. I said what uphill true not true right. You see now the reason.

I put the pauses in between each section of the sentence was. So that your brain could fully create each discrete representation. Then. I gave you the descriptor because the descriptor in other words camel usually.

Brown now green your brain had a backup change the camel to the new description and move you forward again that we're doing this all the time guys the difference is we do it. So fast we do it. So pre-consciously we never realize it's happening it's not until. I give you this particular environment that you can actually analyze what your brain is actually doing okay.

This is my point we do not exist in real time. Jane felt confused at three legs yes. That's called cognitive dissonance right. Because what your brain is expecting to happen isn't happening right.

Cognitive dissonance is extraordinarily useful because it allows us the opportunity to analyze things we would normally just gloss over. But. I needed you to have an experience of this you know again in the language training you're going to go deep dive into this phenomena and how to use it right. In fact this particular train and language pattern number four where you learn how to make people's internal mind movies exactly what you described with zero chance of failure this is part of that training because in order to use this pattern effectively you need to understand what people are doing in their brain okay.

Now think about something. I affected the structure of your thoughts by how. I used my words right. True not true is this useful did you learn something from this well again uh to to to.

Raven's question on. YouTube how to deal with their dissonance if you're using your language patterns properly you'll never deal with dissonance unless you strategically want to create dissonance that's what's cool about it if you use the language the way we teach you you'll never trigger their dissonance alarms. So. Lawson's asking what happens when.

I forget to type some word in my writing sentence construct usually it creates a a minor form of confusion the break dancing got me to visualize multiple legs okay. Cool. John says. Next time someone says camel.

I think green three legs break dancing up and yeah kind of leaves an impression doesn't it all right. So how do we all right. Let's talk about the echo technique again right. So again.

I. I took. You guys a little tour a little. Divergent tour uh you'll learn a lot more about this at killer influence um and all the nuances of it.

But let's talk about the echo technique and what it will actually allow us to do and for our. YouTubers all right. The echo technique to me is if you knew no. Other language pattern.

But this one this pattern can change your life the echo technique pure and simple is the most powerful way for any human being to communicate with another single human being now one of the challenges with. Echo technique is that it works best one-on-one unless you can capture the collective values and the words they use to describe those values from a group of people the the echo technique is a one-on-one bridge builder okay. It is the most powerful and desirable way for one human being to communicate with another every human being on the planet is moving through the world projecting their their checklist out onto the world and when people match it they focus on it like a laser beam and they exclude everybody else to the degree that they match that checklist they become emotionally physically cognitively closer to those people they bond okay. It literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention to you to the exclusion of everything else remember that attention is the currency of relationships if.

I can monopolize your attention. I can maximize your suggestibility. I can. I can maximize your desire to comply okay.

When you use the echo technique people will focus their attention on you and forget about everybody else don't believe me don't believe me go into places like restaurants bartenders servers and just give them their own words back and notice how rapidly they start spending more and more time at your table spending more time with you and just keep telling you more about themselves we'll get to that part in a minute how many of you by show in the chat of that's me or yes. That's me hate small talk how many of you hate small talk okay. Here's the absolute best and. Jeff if you're learning to like it great if you don't like small talk.

But you love practicing and being powerful this will make you like small talk because it gives you the chance to to do to kill two birds with one stone when you start applying the echo technique in normal conversations people will start running off at the mouth eighty percent of what of what goes on in that conversation will come out of their mouth and they will think you are the most fascinating conversationalists they've ever met and you don't have to say practically anything that's original no. I again. I don't want you to take my word for it by the way how many people here have used the echo technique out in the real world what'd you learn what'd you discover how many of you noticed people just started talking it wouldn't shut up it works right. It shouldn't work.

But all the science is there the real world stuff is there. But it's here's this here's the secret to becoming. Unstoppable with the echo technique you've got to mean it now here's what. I mean if you if you're somebody who likes to manipulate humans right.

You can look. At the echo technique as a great way to exert psychological and emotional. Leverage on a person. But every now and.

Then someone who's a little bit more socially aware. May realize you're using their same words and depending on where you're coming from that can be actually in your favor now here's here's what. I mean if you understand that the echo technique is in fact the most neurologically desirable way to communicate with another human being and that the act of using it demonstrates a heightened regard and caring about that person. Then you're a jerk for not using it okay.

Let me go through the rest of my bullet points and. Then we'll. Circle back. So it eliminates the problem of small talk and eliminates boring conversations remember a person's favorite topic of conversation is themselves.

So the more they they get their own words back the more it primes them to want to reveal more stuff and. So they start talking about their favorite subject while they're looking at you well people can't talk about themselves without feeling good even if it's shitty stuff it's a bizarre quirk. But the more human beings get to talk about themselves the happier they are who are they looking at when they get talking about the most fascinating um person they've ever met themselves right. Okay.

So not only that it primes your target to keep talking and it gives you more and more and more information that you can use. Later on remember. I said that. So much of influence is about awareness right.

And finding the points of. Leverage remember the longer a person talks the more information they give you the easier it is to find the places that are emotionally motivational to them and here's the best part it sends very powerful signals of sameness at a very deep unconscious level it's telling the person you're doing this with that. I'm just like you even if you're not right. Their neurology is perceiving a kindred spirit their neurology is perceiving that we're the same right.

And because of that you become closer and closer and closer to the person in their mind and it creates a relationship that is. So fulfilling. So rewarding. So rare that they will move.

Heaven and. Earth to keep it they will do all kinds of crazy things just for you to hang around just a little bit longer okay. Now the longer they talk the more connected to you attracted to you to a certain degree the more trusting of you they become is that useful why because it makes your listener feel heard and understood and accepted it creates a feeling in your client or in your target we call validation and validation is the single biggest reason why we do just about everything socially we want approval we want to be accepted we want to be identified with all these things are a form of validation that we are appropriate that we are worthy or worthwhile or we are like everybody else human beings are in spite of how different they claim they want to be human beings are desperate for acceptance okay. You show me someone who's not desperate for acceptance.

I'll show you someone who has a lot of social issues okay. I'm not that you know going the other way is bad too. But there needs to be a balance now the other part and. Then we talked about this at the beginning the words that you've spoken because they've become from that person match every neurological filter that they possess in other words every value every uh rule that they have for how they know they're getting something every meta program every uh strategy that they're running in their brain there's about seven different processes that.

NLP would teach you to elicit individually that the echo technique automatically fills. So it's the biggest bang for your buck ever if the only thing you learned from tonight was. Echo technique you would be miles ahead of everybody in your life don't believe me take it out into the world and test it integrate it with all the other techniques that you've learned and will learn in the package programs and you will be unstoppable. But again you don't got to believe it you just gotta do it okay.

So um. So how does this work for training repeat everything they say verbatim literally use as close as you can the exact words they said in the ordering sequence that they said it okay. Now there's other ways that you can um that you can cloak or camouflage the echo technique. But this is what it sounds like.

So let me um close my book. Here um okay. So um stop share all right. So this is what.

I used to do this was a this is what you're going to see as a demonstration um that is going to be kind of a part. Echo technique part emotional bonding checklist okay. Because you use one to facilitate the other. So many many years ago.

I said at the beginning of the webinar that. I was. I'm a lifelong martial artist and. I have a 10th degree black belt in.

Okinawan. Kenpo and. I have a list of martial arts credentials uh bigger than my arm and. So.

I had a school in. Coral. Springs. Florida back in two thousand no.

90 like 92 through 95. I think was when when. I had it. Anyway a lot of my conversations.

I would use this technique all the time to register you for my class and it would go something like this ring ring good afternoon. Coral. Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can.

I help you oh hi. David um my name is is. Bernice and. I'm calling because.

I'm interested in in maybe getting karate lessons for my 10 year old son. Josh oh hey. Bernice. So you're you called because you're maybe interested in getting karate lessons for your 10 year old son.

Josh. I saw your sign and. I thought this might be good for him great. So you saw the sign and you think it might be good for him because well you know.

David. Josh is 10 and he's a really great kid he's super smart in fact he's. So smart that his teachers are actually moving him up a grade and. So he's going to be in class with kids a lot older than him who are bigger than him um and.

I'm afraid that that the older kids you know might pick on him. I'm afraid he might be intimidated because everybody's bigger and older and. I also heard that the martial arts was a great way to like uh you know develop confidence and protect and self-defense capabilities and focus and concentration. I think he could really use that because he's going to have tougher classes oh.

I see. So. Josh is a really great kid in fact he's. So smart that that his teachers actually moved him up agreed that's amazing that's awesome and.

So he's going to be with kids a lot bigger than him and you're afraid that he might be a little intimidated or by the bigger kids and. Then my pick on him and just. So. I understand you better um you thought that you've heard that martial arts was a great way for kids like.

Josh to develop focus and concentration yeah yeah. David can can you help me for sure listen for for centuries the martial arts has been thought of it has been has been hailed as a great way for small kids like. Josh to really protect himself against bullies and people larger than them to be have more confidence and be able to to focus and concentrate in school and do better in fact kids who normally train in martial arts usually do do a lot better in school. So.

I think you'll you're really you know in the right. Place in in selecting martial arts as a way to develop. Josh's ability to protect himself against larger kids and to develop that focus and concentration that you really need that's amazing. David.

So. So what do. I do. Next well here's how it works you know we have a couple of choices.

I have a couple of programs available. Bernice uh program one is uh it's three group classes and a free uniform and we could fit him in 5 30 tonight he'd be have it we'd give him a buddy that would actually take the class alongside him and guide him through the ropes and things of that nature we also have a trial program where they come in and they work one-on-one for two half hour private lessons uh with an instructor and. Then they get integrated into the group class once they have um uh you know the basics and they know the etiquette and everything else and. Then that gives kids like.

Josh a chance to really focus and and feel comfortable going in and working with the larger groups. So either one is fine you know you can pick which one you want to do when you get here we have a slot available uh today at 5 30 and we have another one tomorrow evening at 6 15. which would you think is better for you and. Josh let me think um you know. I think.

I think. I think tomorrow uh at 6 15 is going to be better because. Then he can he can he can come home he can do his homework he can eat his dinner and. Then he'll his head will be free uh to do the the one-on-one training.

I think he'd really get a lot out of that great. So you think you'd really get the uh a lot out of the one-on-one training he'll have his dinner his his homework will be done his head will be clear and. I just need your name and phone number and we'll pencil you and. Josh in uh tomorrow at 6 15 and we will see you.

Then hey thank you and and we'll see you soon. Bernice have a great day click okay. What'd you notice. Adrian says the statement alone is gold you don't have to believe it just do it that's really what we strive for in uh in our program we distill everything down to a set of mechanics that you don't have to believe you just got to do crystal says you repeated our words back to her how much of what.

I said was not her words about ten percent and the words. I used were just an excuse to to allow me to say her words again from a slightly different perspective nine out of ten people showed up for their appointments okay. When. I was seeing clients for 15 years this is part and parcel of one of the things.

I did during all of my consults the most powerful suggestions you can give another human being are the ones that they just gave you. So. Jane says you repeated her words that went into specifics. Then repeated and sealed the deal yes.

I did very good. G. I. I echoed her where.

I asked a question. I echoed her words. I acknowledged her concerns. I talked about the specific aspects of my product that directly satisfied those concerns.

I didn't talk about anything else. I didn't talk about how the martial arts is going to make. Josh more flexible. I didn't talk about how it's going to make him punch harder.

I didn't talk about how it's going to improve his athletic performance in gym class. I didn't talk about any of that stuff which is also true about the martial arts my whole presentation was oriented and targeted on exactly the things that came out of. Bernice's mouth because to her as cool as those other things might be they don't mean if it didn't come out of their mouth it's not important okay. Richard some hands raised there can.

I use the echo technique when. I'm trying to introduce an idea or a concept yes. In fact as you get more comfortable with this process you'll rapidly discover that there are very few ways you can't use the echo technique that one of the most the fastest ways to resolve any conflict is to start using the echo technique okay. So.

So here's what we're going to do we're gonna. I'm gonna. I'm uh in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to teach you something that. I want you to start integrating into your life it's called. The. Master.

Echo formula the master. Echo formula okay. If you follow this simple formula you will successfully be able to. Echo anyone you want anytime anywhere for any reason is that is that understandable is that understood.

So let's look. At this let's look. At this uh this master. Echo formula and.

I want you guys to write this down take a screenshot of it it's very very simple. I'm going to share with this with you. Ad nauseam. I don't know why.

I bothered to unshare my screen it was already showing. Anyway all right. So what you're seeing here ladies and gentlemen is the master. Echo sequence.

Master. Echo sequence. So a lot of our processes always start with this idea of asking you a question most influence starts with a question. So you will ask a question you will pay very close attention to the response that you get you will validate their response you will.

Echo back their words as close to verbatim as possible and you will ask another question. So. I like to call this ask pay attention validate. Echo ask again.

Okay. So now the other thing you want to do is soften a soften a softener is what we call a pre-frame the function of this is literally to give a person a reason why in other words when you when you pre-frame something you're basically saying here is why. I am about to tell you or ask you what. I'm about to ask you okay.

So we're going to do a couple of examples uh. But. First. I want to just go back over um just a final reminder that the the the clock is running on tonight's special webinar special.

So by all means please uh if you haven't gotten your uh your package please click that link now before they're all gone and you missed your shot um prices are going up anywhere between 13 and 25 percent uh effective. January 1st. So. I just want you guys to get in um while you can hold on a.

Second. I'm still trying to unshare this okay. Okay. All right.

So once again secrets of human influence a home study course holds persuasion home study course 2479 value it includes the weapons of mass instruction it's a 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you've got the. Renegade reframing the art of conversational belief change and objection mastery uh coming in at 1997 we're going to give that to you absolutely free. Charisma conversion 1997 value we're going to give that to you free and. Then of course the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program of 1597 value and the 11-year uh video archive thousands of hours of binge watching pleasure at your fingertips we're gonna give that to you free okay. We're gonna give you the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course 1 or 997 value we're going to give that to you free and. Finally we're going to give you the killer influence.

VIP super ticket to our five-day conversation with no. Covert hypnosis certification boot camp live in. Las. Vegas at.

The. Orleans. Hotel and. Casino.

January 24th through the 28th. Las. Vegas. Nevada the total package value once again is 13 325 you can get it all for one low time installment oh just 9.97 or three easy uh installments of just 397. all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash.

Geo that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo one more time click the link now click the link now click the link now that's called a triplet by the way www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and honestly if you if you know the price is going up you might want to grab a couple of these right. We did we were going to put limiters on it. But since it's the end of the year um you know do the math guys.

Anyway. I just wanted to give you guys one. Last chance to grab yours before uh we get into the training again like. I said.

I want you guys to have the best possible chance of succeeding at this. So that's what it's all about all right. Let's go back to training okay. So we should be ready to go now okay.

Now. So the master. Echo sequence has to pay attention validate. Echo ask again.

So ring ring good afternoon. Coral. Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can.

I help you hi. David. I'm uh. I'm looking for karate lessons for my 10 year old son.

Josh oh great. So you're you're looking for karate lessons for your 10 year old son. Josh that's amazing. I'm.

So glad that uh that you decided to give us a call today uh to get about karate lessons for. Josh. So. I'm curious what uh what's important to you about karate lessons for your 10 year old son.

Josh let's. Analyze. That sequence. Bernice called to say good afternoon.

Coral. Springs. Martial. Arts.

Academy. Bernice says hi. David. I'm looking for karate lessons for my 10 year old son.

Josh in this case. I paid attention. I echoed their words and. Then.

I validated right. And. Then. I asked a question.

I said okay. I'm curious just. So. I understand you better what's important to you about karate lessons for.

Yuri you know 10 year old son. Josh right. She gives me an answer. I acknowledge that.

I say that's amazing. I totally agree and again validating somebody's um validating what somebody says is just some way of signaling that not only did you hear what they said. But you accept and understand without judgment what is it and if you can and if it's something you can genuinely approve of. Then.

So much the better human beings love that when you can. Echo somebody and they come away from the process feeling heard and understood and not and positively judged they were far more likely to open up to you now if you get through our. NLP training our conversational influence training we'll teach you about chunking up and chunking down. So even if they say something that is completely objectionable if you understand how to.

Chunk. Up or chunk down you can find some peace within what they said that you can validate right. Even if it's you know if someone says. I believe that abortion is a sin you could say well.

I absolutely agree that some people feel that that abortion is an absolute sin. I totally accept that your your um your feelings on that subject right. Now that's validating somebody's response that. I in any way imply that.

I agreed with it that. I thought that that was the right. Viewpoint if you really think about what. I said the answer is no.

But the person hearing that statement will feel heard understood non-judged or positively judged and they'll open up it will just fuse and neutralize their natural defensiveness and that's what we want okay. So you ask your question you pay attention to the response that you get you find something in what they said either some of it or all of it that you can accept acknowledge and. Signal agreement with you. Echo the exact word or words that they used and you ask your.

Next question are you guys with me on this does that make sense type in the chat. I need to know this okay. Now sometimes you need to soften or technically camouflage what you're doing and this is not something that's specific just to. Echo technique is something that we do in any form of interrogative interact in other words anytime we're asking questions.

So let's talk about softeners softeners are very very important softeners allow us to take something to take something that is an. Inc that might be considered invasive or none of my business and soften it and lubricate the conversation. So it sounds gentle right. You know.

I hate to. I hate to use this metaphor. But um how many people here by by typing in the chat how many people here know what a proctologist is yes. Okay.

So you know that proctologists get paid a lot of money to put things in places that nature never intended them to go true not true okay. Now even if you don't know what a proctologist is many of you know what a chiropra or not a chiropractor a um a gynecologist is yes. Right. Now you know that gynecologists like proctologists spend a lot of time putting instruments in places that nature didn't intend those places those those instruments to go true or not true okay.

So you for those of you who've had the experience or even if you haven't you may have heard that those particular professionals when they insert those objects into those places use some form of lubricant yes. Or no. I'm trying to be very politically correct and very gentle with this metaphor now imagine what that experience would be like if they forgot to use the lubricant. Richard's like oh my.

God that is exactly what happens when you try to use practically any. NLP technique or con or questioning technique without using a softener softeners are lubricants they make the conversation softer gentler they on the surface seem less direct they actually are just as. Direct as a non-softened version. But they're far more palatable people are willing to accept them more without getting defensive right.

So some of the most common softeners that we use um let me see if. I have some of these written down already. I don't think. I do no.

I'll just have to type now. So some of the most common softeners that. I use are just. So.

I understand you better dot dot dot um let me ask you this dot dot dot. I was wondering dot dot um is it possible dot dot right. And. Then all you would do let me go back up here you would take this sequence and just graft it on to any of these.

So using the example. I did with. Bernice. So hold on.

Natalia's asking a question. I'm not sure. I understand the question here um which is an example of a softener when. I'm trying to share and get buy-in on an idea or process.

I want to influence oh oh that's excellent. So let me ask you this suppose for a moment and again you would use their exact words for how they describe their problem. So let's say um you ask them what what the issue is that they want to solve and they say. I need to cut costs and improve um conversions team conversions.

So. I want to cut costs and improve team conversions. So you might ask. So just.

So. I understand you better. So when you talk about cutting costs and improving team conversions. I think and.

I think you know cutting costs and improving team conversions is absolutely important and fundamental critical aspect to anybody's business and. I'm really glad that we get to focus on that today because. I have a a several very rarely good suggestions for how to cut costs and maximize team conversions and. I just need to know on your opinion on which one you feel would be the um the best approach for your business.

So. I'm curious um which one of these do you think would be the best fit and boom. So let's look. At what.

I did there and again if you if you missed some of it you can go back on the replay. So. I started with just. So.

I understand you better and again we assume that the guy oh dang that's brilliant thank you. Natalia right. And. I asked a question.

So just. So we understand you better. So when we talk about uh you know cutting costs and improving team conversions and. I think that's absolutely fundamental to this to your business and.

I think it's a great you know spot on observation that that's where we need to go. So in in the spirit of cutting costs and improving team conversions. I have about three or four different approaches that may work. I'm curious which one you'll find um the most the most the most useful for your business would it be okay.

To to tell you about them boom. So ask ask your question pay attention validate the response. Echo ask again with a softener uh using the. Second one let me ask you this well let me ask you this when we talked about you know cutting costs and improving team conversions and.

I think that's that's a fun an absolutely critical part to this business we talk about cutting costs and improving conversions. I'm wondering which of these uh these. Solutions you might find to be the most appropriate for your business right. Uh.

I was wondering you know. I was wondering as we were talking about the the actual problems of cutting costs and improving team conversions and. I think it's really critical that we get this done. So you're.

I mean 100 agreement that that's where uh our efforts need to go. So when we think about cutting costs and improving team conversions. I'm curious which of these options um feels like the right. The right.

Decision what does your gut tell you right. And. Finally using this. Last one is it possible well.

I'm wondering is it possible that as we talk about cutting costs and lowering team conversions and. I think it's really critical that we do this together is it possible that there might be more than one solution that would be viable and. I'm curious which one of the solution those. Solutions you think is the most important one you guys understand what.

I'm doing can you can you see the structure of what's. Happening can you hear it. Natalie says. I understand what.

I've been doing wrong now perfect you know one of the things. I always tell my students and you you're my student. So. I can tell you you know in all the different fields and disciplines that exist in the world amongst humans persuasion and influence is one of the places where just a tiny bit tiny bit of well-applied information can create a.

Quantum. Leap in the results you produce right. If this one tiny bit can transform your life imagine what having a whole toolkit and a system of systems at your at your beck and call will do for you right. Any questions about why we use the echo technique the the primary format for the echo technique why we soften what other questions might you have healing says that clears up a lot for me fundamentally.

Bravo all right. Well in that case let's come into the home stretch shall we might want to click your link now because it's going away oh. James says approximately how long does it take to complete all the trainings um each live training is four to five days the smaller trainings are three days done live. So each one comes in at about 25 to 30 hours of training.

So it's really not about uh cardiac is asking is echoing a rapport it's a report bridge. But it goes beyond simple report um. So you're looking at you know. I would give yourself a good 40 to 80 hours to do the whole system.

But here's what. I tell my students when you come to the live event you'll hear this again the fastest way to learn none of this is to try to learn all of it. So the secret to getting really good really really quickly is as you go through the material put little stars and circles and asterisks around the techniques that come easiest fastest and our most fun for you to do and over learn those make them. Unstoppable.

Then. Circle back grab a few more techniques integrate them into what you already have and keep cycling through it okay. It's very easy to overwhelm yourself by trying to learn every single thing we have everything taught in a very easy simple systematic program. But there are certain that we take a train a training principle from.

Bruce. Lee. I train out my influence and persuasion very much like. I train my martial arts core handful of skills over learned to the point where you can do them backwards forwards from any angle that's what your.

Echo technique does that is what your emotional motivation checklist does that's what your. Universal persuasion protocol is it gives you the formula it gives you the specific techniques all you got to do is over learn them now once you've mastered that go back add a few more bells and whistles and you can do any of the other content in any order and sequence that you want based on what you find the most fascinating and interesting okay. So give yourself about 40 hours to go through the technique through this the core system from end to end. But you can you can take three or four techniques and be functional in a few hours right.

Think of what you were able to do after two or two and a half hours two hours and 45 minutes on this training what can you do now right. But the secret is take a technique go out play with it make it fun make it automatic come back add another piece that's the master training sequence if you try to learn it all unless unless you're in the live event where you can learn it right. This is how you get functional fast. So.

Steven's asking. Richard bandler said that he discarded the techniques from patterns one and that the list of presuppositions was the only useful thing in the book. Do you believe him um do. I believe that he discarded the techniques um probably you know one of the things about early.

NLP was that it was not one person's. Discovery it was the amalgamation of six people's discoveries filtered through two people and. So they laid out everything in front of you like a big. Buffet.

But they didn't tell you what was a dessert it was an appetizer what was a main course and. So you had to figure all that out on your own the founders of. NLP at the beginning were just were just intoxicated by the sheer scope of what they had in front of them. But at the time that a lot of these books were written there hadn't been a lot of deployment you know there hadn't been a lot of application or contextualization of the techniques.

So. I don't know 100 if. Richard did what he said you say he did. But.

I could see why he might do that based on my understanding of it. So much of early. NLP was directly as. Milton.

Erickson did it which unfortunately only works in therapeutic contexts where you have absolute control over the environment. But within you know within that that's that salad of techniques where a lot of solid gold radioactive pieces that you could use. James says. I'm thank you.

I'm going to love this for my new business yes. You will you'll be amazed at how rapidly people just beg you to do business with you okay. Uh. Steven's asking which six people well we got.

Dave. Dobson. Milton. Erickson.

Virginia setier. Fritz pearls um. Moshe. Felton.

Christ maybe there's only five. I think there was probably one more in there. But. I can't recall it.

Anyway. So. I hope you guys got a lot out of this training. I'm curious if you would for me um type in the chat the top two or three things that you've taken away uh from tonight's training what are the the top three things you're going to take out into the world and use right.

Away while you're getting reserving your packages. I'm gonna go ahead and bring the screen up again softeners. George says. Echo technique excellent.

Jane says take um take what works for you to use it practice it and. Then add other things. David excellent very good more use of the emotional checklist. Zachary saying all right.

Richard says that. I needed to buy this package welcome aboard. Richard we're glad you're here why does my name appear on someone else's post office. I really don't know that has to be a bug in the jet webinar software um all right.

So. Last call guys again. I've given you some of the radioactive nuggets. Richard says thanks bro love you love you back man all right.

Um. Echo and conflict softener spin for positive excellent. So once again secrets of human influence home study course um 2479 uh value. Weapons of.

Mass instruction 1997 value absolutely free. Renegade reframing the art of conversational belief change um 1997 value post a link here the. Charisma and conversion hypnotic persuasion skills for presenters and public speakers. So 1997 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program 1597 value absolutely free the. NLP um yeah the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course 997 dollar value free and of course the killer influence uh. VIP super ticket five-day covert hypnosis certification boot camp live in.

Las. Vegas at the. Arlene's. Hotel and.

Casino. It's a two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value and we're gonna give that to you free right. Right. And uh total package if you were to buy it individually on the website which.

I don't recommend you do. I recommend again. I'll take you it's fully worth it at full price. But you can get it all for just one low installment in 9.97 why wouldn't you do that 13 325 value yours for one low investment of three of 997 if you need extra help.

Stephanie can break that up for you into uh three installments of just 397. all you need to do is click that link on your screen right. Now go to www.killerinfluence.go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go do it now do it now do it now because when. I log off the cool the super cool bonuses go away you don't want to miss out all right.

I want to see you in. Las. Vegas. I want to work personally with you.

I want to guide you. I want to help mold you and put you on the fast track to getting the life that you want the way that you want it all ethically honestly and for all the right. Reasons your reasons on behalf of myself and the. David.

Snyder. NLP. Power. Team.

I want to thank you all for coming out tonight and and being part of the what. I hoped was one of the best trainings of 2022. I want to. I want to finish with a bang please show your support click those links join us in.

Las. Vegas join us in our masterminds let's change the world and make it a better place starting with your world your way. I love you all good night. God bless take care.
