Title: Psychological Secrets of Human Influence
File Name: Sq4HSJdpOs4.txt
Video Id: Sq4HSJdpOs4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sq4HSJdpOs4

Hello my friends welcome to secrets of human influence success secrets for attract creating attraction success wealth and happiness i'm your host dr david snyder and i want to welcome you all um. First and foremost let me just say that if this is your. First time in planet david uh you're in for a real treat uh if you're used to 90-minute webinars where it's basically you know tease tease tease buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff you're going to be in it for a hopefully a pleasant surprise my goal is always to deliver actionable usable content that you can take out into the field immediately to create the life and the life that you want the way that you want it. So that being said there's a few before we get into what i lovingly call the dr david dog and pony show there are a few things i'd like us to kind of get out of the way administrative details if you will i jumped on a few minutes earlier to remind everybody that this is a hands-on webinar.

So if you are in fact um sorry things are going on in my in my screen here let me just fix this really quick that's in gallery mode okay. Easier to see you now very good um there are three ways to get your questions answered on tonight's webinar a ask the question in the chat if i see it and it's relevant to the point in the webinar that we're touching on. Then i will answer it in that moment if your question is not directly relevant to the section that we're on. Then i invite my uh veteran students to answer those questions and.

Then i will circle back and answer them as quickly as i can. So this is a very participation heavy webinar and what i mean by that is that if in order for me to really teach you effectively i believe you need to experience things and. So i'm going to ask you to come into everything that we're going to teach you today with a fun playful exploration attitude one of the coolest things about the techniques and the principles that we're going to be sharing with you is that you don't need to actually believe in them for them to work for you we've taken a lot of time and energy and effort to not only field test these things. But to also um distill it down to a set of mechanical processes that if you just follow the process and follow the instructions to the best of your ability with a fun playful explorational attitude you're going to be amazed at how rapidly people just start to believe what you say do what you want and are literally hanging on your every word today's webinar is all about secrets of human influence and it's how to control and direct your state.

So other people can't do it for you it's going to be about how to make people like love and trust you in as little as 20 minutes how to overcome objections or blockages to your success that are caused by other people in other words if you want to get other people to um follow your follow your lead or take you seriously or do what you say this is really one of those places where you can really get some hardcore solid gold techniques. But i want to stress a couple of things before we before we jump into this a this is your webinar and what i mean by that is yes. I come in every week or you know a couple of times a month with a set curriculum that i want to share with you designed to give you the greatest degree of change in the shortest amount of time possible. But each and every one of you came here to this webinar tonight you blocked out your precious time with me because there's something that you really want something you want to get and.

So what i want you to do is i want you to begin to link the outcome of getting that to the things in this webinar and i'm going to ask you i'm going to do that through a couple of exercises that we're going to do as the webinar proceeds. But also by giving you experiences by showing you exp an agnostic well if you guys are familiar with the word gnosis gnosis gnostic um how these things work um or like i was going with someone with this um you don't have to believe it just wrap your mind around it with a fun playful easy going attitude and things will rapidly change for you for the better that being said um a my. First disclaimer for the night if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your time the format that we follow tonight is what we call a free-form webinar and what that means once again yeah some guys are excited about that word right. What that really means though is that i come in here with a set idea of what i want to share with you.

But at some point during the webinar and i'm going to give you the format in a minute at some point during the webinar i'm literally going to ask you what do you want to learn today how do you want me to customize the content for tonight. So that you come away with the tools and the techniques that you need to get exactly what you want the way that you want it is that sound like a a good place to go cool all right. So a couple of things. First and foremost if you are a.

First time player if you're if it's your. First time in planet david i want you to type in your name. First time and where you're checking in from go ahead and type that in the chat that's going to be important. Second thing is if you're a veteran of planet david you've been in planet david more than six months or more if you've taken these skills out and used these and gotten results types veteran in the chat where you're checking in from the reason i'm asking that is because when you log on to a webinar you always expect the guy teaching the webinar to have an agenda he's going to tell you his stuff is the coolest thing since sliced bread you should buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff because your life will change well it will.

But i don't want you to listen to me when it comes to the power of the techniques i'm going to share with you i want you to listen to the people in the chat right. Next to you who've used the materials that we're sharing with you and made changes in their life okay. So are you in the right. Place well let's find out okay.

Um let's see what else do i want to talk about hey if you're tired of hearing no. In your life if you'd like to be able to get people to believe what you say to do what you want to take you more seriously to get more money in your job to get better promotions to write more compelling sales copy to connect better with your spouse or loved one if you'd like to have more spouses and loved ones in your life this is probably a good place for you to be that being said if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in our in our webinar tonight we have time for about this. So my promise to you is i will take you as far down this rabbit hole of influence and persuasion as i can and i will point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step if that's a fair trade for you please type in the chat that's fair let's do it cool all right.

First and foremost let me give you a little bit of an overview of the of what we call the freeform webinar format for the. First 60 to 75 minutes of tonight i am going to give you powerful hands-on rock solid street street proven techniques that you can take out into the world and ethically influence anyone you want anytime you want i'm going to give you the foundations of how to do that for the. First 60 to 75 minutes at about the 60 to 75 minute mark somewhere in there depends on how fast we move through the materials i am going to share with you a special program that we put together that a lot of the techniques i'm going to be teaching you in the. First segment are drawn from i'm going to present you the opportunity to take advantage of it and level up in your training and your skill sets if that's where you want to go once that's done usually takes about 30 35 minutes once that is done what we're going to do is we're going to circle back to part 1 of the webinar we're going to pick up where we left off in terms of teaching and we're going to customize the content of the webinar to exactly what you came here for we're going to continue to teach for another 30 60 90 minutes.

However long it is that you want me to stay right. As long as people are here and they're actively participating and they're learning. Then i will stay on with you right. Now if you're used to the regular 90-minute uh webinar again that's not what we do our content is not short it's it's it's hardcore it's down to earth nothing's theoretical everything in this class is going to rapidly if you if you use it i mean i can i'm really good at what i do guys.

But again i can't multiply zeros. So if you don't do the material i can't help you right. But if you do it you're going to be amazed at how rapidly uh things change. So for those of you who are who have a lot of questions three ways to get your questions answered ask them in the chat if i see it and it's relevant to what you want to learn about i'll answer it um if it's not relevant.

Then i'll ask uh the veterans of planet david the people have actually had real experience using these things to go ahead and type your experiences and your answers in the chat if that's still not enough if you still want your personal your questions personally answered from me. Then at the end of this webinar there yes. There will be a replay at the end of this webinar all i want you to do is go to the comment section of tonight's webinar in the comments section type your question and over the. Next seven to ten days i go back every day multiple times a day reading the questions and doing my best to answer them i will personally answer your question if i know the answer i'll tell you if i don't know the answer i'll tell you that too and i'll point you in the direction of where i think you can go to get those questions answered and move yourself forward does that sound fair if you think that's fair uh type that in the chat okay.

A lot a lot of activity in the chats over here also um just. So you know and again i don't mean this to be mean uh in any way. But we do have a zero troll policy we actually have several moderators in both our youtube audience and our zoom audience um one strike and you're out our our moderators will simply if you start misbehaving which mostly most people don't we usually get a a pretty good group um which is cool if we catch you misbehaving we think you're misbehaving we'll just we'll just bump you out of the webinar okay. Uh we just you know usually we have a pretty good time uh we have lots of fun with what we do and um.

So again i'm just putting that out there and let's see what else do i want to talk about before we get into content i'll be good this time i promise you guys are funny let's have some fun. So my. First question for you is how many of you by a show in the chats how many of you would like to be thirty percent or more better at everything just i showed you i said just type me in the chat okay. Very cool here's how it works if you if you maintain and hold a fun playful explorational attitude or body feeling you are automatically 30 more aware 30 more perceptive 30 more spontaneous thirty percent more adaptable thirty percent more intelligent thirty percent more approachable and your counterpart the person that you're seeking to influence is up to thirty percent more compliant to you i want you to think about that all you have to do to get up to a 30 percent bump sometimes more depending on what you add to it get a 30 percent bump in your level of compliance from another human being is just be playful easy going explorational okay.

Now that particular phenomena uh statistic specifically comes from a rather easygoing profession it's called hostage negotiation chris voss a guy who wrote never split the difference was quoted as saying when the hostage negotiator is more playful more explorational more easy going more laid back he is automatically better at his job and his counterpart the hostage taker remember this guy the hostage the counterpart the hostage taker doesn't have a vested interest in doing anything the negotiator wants the guy the guy who takes the hostages the bad guy is 30 more compliant would that be useful in the situations you find yourself in to have up to a 30 bump in your level of compliance simply by being more playful in exploration would that be useful we can absolutely make it better a lot a lot of activity in the chat and that's always fun all right. So for those of you who are brand new to dr david i'm going to give you my bio really quick and the the question always comes up who the heck is dr david snyder and why should i care. First of all i am an actual doctor of chinese acupuncture and oriental medicine i graduated from pacific college of oriental medicine i've had a clinic operating in solana beach california since 2005 where i've specialized in treating physiological illness that is rooted in repressed emotion. So what i've what that's allowed me to do is i've kind of been able to look.

Under the hood at what actually makes human beings tick how do they think how do they feel what causes them to behave in certain ways and i've been able to take those learnings from from that clinical experience and apply it and combine them with the. Next piece in my in my bio which is actually in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org for the past five or six years i've been in the top two. Next to the founder dr richard bandler i've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from healing and vibrational energetics to sales techniques therapeutic technique conversation hypnosis attraction dating and relating materials in 2020 also my program killer influence which you see that right. Here this is a letter from global gurus saying that it is with great pleasure let me see if i can make this a little bit easier to read for you guys it is with great pleasure that to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp and you can see that here if you click on that link you see that uh killer influence is actually ranked among some very heavy hitters now why am i saying that because the techniques you'll be learning tonight are drawn directly from this program.

So it's it's the cutting edge in how you influence humans to get to believe what you say and do what you want i also have a 10th degree black belt in rookie kempo karate fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao. Second degree black belt in kosho kempo roo. First degree black belt in fong kuru i'm a certified instructor in combat systema cinco manuel escrima mom and ernest and as you can see here i've got more energy healing credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers i've been a reiki master since before reiki was cool advanced chronic dna chronic healing psychotherapy things of that nature i'm a practitioner of the bankston energy healing systems as well and several different forms of qigong and energy healing. So people often ask me.

So. So what david. So you got the black belts and the martial arts you've got us you're certified in nlp your um energy healing acupuncture what's what's all this have to do with um influence and or you know how do these things what do these things have in common really and that's pattern recognition you see human beings are pattern driven creatures there is a structure to every single thing human beings do there's a structure in the way that they move there's a structure in the way that they speak there's a structure in the way that they think and when you can understand how that works you can actually begin to perceive people's patterns and be able to predict with a high degree of accuracy what they're going to do. Next even more importantly you can actually begin to exert or let me rephrase that you can actually begin to inject small changes into those patterns and create a direction for them to follow that's very organic and very natural for them now that being said i want to stress as we get deeper into the content here that nothing in this program could be could be construed as unethical right.

Certainly these techniques could be used that way. But it's never necessary to resort to lying cheating manipulating coercion of any kind to get people to actually want to do what you want them to do. So the. First thing i want you to play with is this idea of moving through the world in a fun playful explorational way okay.

We call it state control in planet david and we have literally we devote almost a day and a half to two days in our influence trainings on how to control your own mind and body. So that other people can't push your buttons and. So that you can actually emit an energy or a mood or an attitude that other people's mirror neurons pick up and it causes their brain to change because of what the of the feeling states that you're emanating it primes their reticular activating system to process your spoken message in a very different way okay. Okay.

A lot of really interesting questions about why i like doing this and things like that because for me quite frankly this has changed the course of my life you see in my world view the ability to get a human being to to want to do what you want them to do is the ultimate survival skill in a society now if you're in the jungle and you gotta you gotta be strong and agile and you gotta learn how to hunt and track maybe these kinds of skills aren't as valuable there. But you don't live in the jungle you live in the urban jungle and there's different set of rules and everything that you get and everything that you create is based in a large degree on your ability to get people to want to do what you want them to do and to stop saying no. Are any of you guys tired of hearing no. To the things you want in life just to type yes.

In the chat if that's yeah absolutely right. If you're tired of hearing no. You're probably in the right. Place okay.

So what does pattern recognition have to do with human influence pretty much everything. So i'm gonna i'm gonna just re i have a short laundry list let's find out if this is the material that you really want to learn about how many of you would like to be more attractive to members of the opposite sex or even your own sex if that's true type that in the chat say yes. Right. Uh how many of you would like to stop feeling afraid or stop being insecure and move through the world radiating more confidence and certainty and just have people just following your lead because you radiate that level of leadership and charisma would that be something you'd be interested in doing would you like to make more money book.

More clients write better marketing materials you know and just have more success on you on a monetary financial level if. So you're in the right. Place right. If you'd like to learn how to protect yourself from the evil doers of the world right.

The dark jedi. So to speak and learn how they think how they act and most importantly how to neutralize them or turn tables on them you're in the right. Place i'm going to teach you again if you understand the core things i'm going to be sharing with you in tonight's webinar you will know in a very very significant way when somebody's seeking to manipulate you okay. Uh if again if you want people to have people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want when you want them to do it you're in the right.

Place if you'd like to just be able if you'd like to have the confidence and i'll tell you a quick story about this one really quick i knew a guy once who wanted to start his own business right. But he was afraid he was afraid that if he left his his job and started his own business that if the business failed he'd be stuck he wouldn't be able to get another job. So i taught him a very special technique we called the interview crusher part of what which you'll learn in tonight's webinar and what happened was he took. This he took.

This technique and he went out on mock job interviews. But he still had his job. But he went out on job interviews and he started using this interview crusher technique right. And all of a sudden you started getting job after after job one of my guys who did this actually got hired job offers from two people at the same time and he was totally blown away another guy who had the worst outsourcing luck in history he would he would use this technique he would get hired in like a week or a month.

Later two months. Later the company would would reorganize or outsource he'd be out of a job again he used this job this particular technique like three or four times to get a new job right. It's the interview crusher right. Part of that is what you're going to learn tonight it's called the emotional bonding checklist we're going to teach you how to do it you're going to experience it for yourself and once you understand it you'll be able to have the fast track to the human the needs and desires of any human that you meet now i'm going to i'm going to caution you as we get into that be very respectful with how you use it because you can get people to do things that aren't in their best interests.

But it's almost never necessary to that and i'll elaborate more on that. So these techniques are powerful they will change your life you don't even need to believe that they'll work you just got to do them okay. So if you'd like to nail two or three job you know if you have if you'd like to have the ability to just nail job interview after job interview after job interview right. Got type yes.

In the chat right. If you'd like to surround yourself with trustworthy friends who are on the same level as you type the s in the chat if you ever fantasized about maybe having this svengali like ability to have people just under your spell right. In a positive way go ahead and type that in the chat because that's where we're going tonight okay. So you guys good with me.

So far uh shout out to those people our our brethren brothers and sisters on youtube uh for those of you on youtube i love you um i am speaking primarily we're streaming from live through zoom. So there will be a slight delay between when you i see a question in your chat and when uh you actually get the answer. So uh that being said um let's just strap in. So let's talk a little bit about my personal promise to you tonight if that's okay.

Here's my promise to you if you stay until the end of tonight's webinar let me i'll show you my powerpoint really quick even though i don't really need to um here's what you're going to get tonight my personal promise to you is i'm going to teach you the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone to like love trust and oftentimes obey you i'm going to show you literally how to have people hanging on your every word and literally how to have them salivating to do what you want them to do i'm going to teach you in a very powerful way how to control your emotions and remove resistance to your influence okay. There are exact there actually are formulas that will cause people to want to do the things they just said they didn't want to do okay. And we'll probably pick that up on that probably towards the the part three of tonight's webinar uh because we have to lay foundations tonight and uh and if you stay to the end of the webinar what you are going to get is the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation and persuasion in minimum time i'm going to teach you how to go from zero to sixty in your life and don't be surprised if the uh you know your sales rates go up by twenty thirty forty percent don't be surprised if the people who matter to you most if the people who matter to you most start becoming more compliant they start paying attention to you differently very very common for these things to happen you know let's see here all right. So the.

First part of tonight that i want to share with you actually right. How many of you guys have something to write with type in the chat if you have something if you don't you need to guess something you need to and here's the thing i want you to actually physically write out some of these exercises if you if all you have is your tablet and you just want to type it in that's fine. But if you really want to get the biggest bang for your buck in the. First couple exercises writing them out is actually going to give you the biggest physical experience or mental experience of what we're going to be doing.

So the. First thing i want to talk about is you never enter well. First this is the. First one write this down everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay.

That's it now i know if some of you are coming from an nlp world or from the ericsson hypnosis world and things like that where they've divided people into visuals and auditories and kinesthetics and old factories and gustatories here's what i'm going to tell you at the end of the day regardless of whether you think you're a visual or an auditory or a kinesthetic when we go through these different brain regions that cause us to take an action it always ends in a k in other words a kinesthetic. First you have an internal feeling and you take a physical action right. When you tr when you orlando jones is asking can i repeat that again everything human beings do is in response to a feeling a feeling they either want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of that's it you know how many of you are practitioners of the law of attraction you guys heard of the thing called the law of attraction at all yes. Okay.

So in the law in law of attraction there is this they talk about this part of the brain called the reticular activating system in my early videos you'll hear me talk about the emotional refractory period right. So whether you're talking about this phenomena in terms of the physical organ which is the reticular activating system or the the product which is the emotional refractory period what that really means does it work in politics too 100 100 what that really means is that the moment you have a change in your body feelings the perceptual filters in your neurology change they cause you to focus on things that are conducive and in harmony with the emotional state that you have. So let me let me give you an example okay. How many of you guys here have ever played a game called slug bug or punch buggy anybody okay.

So for those who don't know what slug bug or punch buggy is when you when you're a kid you know eight nine ten eleven twelve years old you're sitting in the backseat of your mom or dad's car you're looking out the window. Next to your best friend or your brother or sister you look. Out you see a volkswagen beetle and the. First person to see it and yell punch buggy and smack the other person in the leg and charlie horace or on the arm they get a point right.

Daughter used to kick my ass while i was driving. So some of you remember this right. Did you ever notice that after playing that game for a little while and you stop playing you get out of the car everywhere you look. You see volkswagen bugs right.

Or maybe maybe you guys decided to buy a car anybody here buy a car type it into the chat yes. Yes. Yes. Okay.

Now maybe it wasn't maybe it wasn't new for you you know it was new to you. But maybe it was a used car. But. But if you're anything like my wife you did like weeks of due diligence right.

You went from parking lot to parking lot talk to uh salesman after salesman figured out the exact car the exact model the exact color that you wanted right. You. Finally pull the trigger on making that purchase you buy the car you're driving at home right. You're just driving enjoying your new car you looked on your rear view mirror your side mirror you look.

In your rearview mirror and everybody in the world bought the same car on the same day you ever noticed that you see them everywhere why reticular activating system your system got. So sensitized to that information that it sent a message to your neurology that automatically said hey be on the lookout for these things and let me know when you find them right. Part of what we're going to be sharing with you tonight is how to tap into that system okay. How to literally get somebody's reticular activating system to change what it pays attention to.

So that when you actually do speak they process your message in the way that's most conducive for you getting your outcome does that make sense are you with me on this. So far okay. So. First rule everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay.

Now the fastest way to change a person's body feelings the fastest way to change a person's body feelings is to change yours. First follow me change yours. First right. There will be a replay.

So if you guys need to take notes or or whatever you can always go back and catch them i apologize um i'm always excited when i. First get on the webinar because i wanted if i could literally just download this stuff into your head like the matrix man i would do it in a new york minute. But i'm. So excited when i get to hang out with my proof my people that i just blurt these things out.

So if i am talking too fast just let me know i'll slow down. But because i have a timetable that i want to keep to because i know how attention fluctuates i just want to get this information into you okay. Delilah says because your message makes the world a better place you make the world a better place look. Thank you for you know the praise and the accolades.

But let me let me be honest with you you're all here because you have something to share with the world you have a vision for how your life is is you want your life to go right. Part of my mission is to help you get yours right. I can't do all this by myself. So you know if your coaches or client or clinicians or whatever you're in the right.

Place if you're a salesperson if you're just here to get more dates or whatever dating leads to you're in the right. Place okay. I don't vilify any persuasion application because here's what i've discovered is that when you. Finally get the tools to start solving those problems for yourself you evolve you start becoming more picky more selective your aspirations and goals and desires begin to grow if you told me 30 years ago that by the time i was 38 years old i'd be in a room eight hours a day helping other people shovel their metaphorically and literally speaking i'd laughed at you because all i wanted from the time i was 15 to sometime in my 30s was to get chicks kick butt and be cool not necessarily in that order okay.

And i had a lot of challenges in my life and i found the answers and that's what i'm sharing with you. So this is the. First big epiphany right. Everything human beings do is in response to a feeling period it's either feeling they want more of feeling they want a whole lot less of now strategically you need to write this down as well when you're entering any persuasion situation of any kind you must.

First have an outcome. So let me say that a couple more times for people who are you know writing it down or. So when you before you enter any situ persuasion situation or circumstance the. First thing you have to do is you have to set an outcome what does an outcome mean it means how do you know when you're getting what you want how do you know how do you measure if you're moving towards what you want or away from it that one piece right.

There can make or break any techniques you deploy from an influence and persuasion perspective why because conversations and interactions between humans are like a stormy sea right. You can you may know where you want to go you're the captain of a boat right. You know where you want to go. But the wind's pushing you one way and the waves are pushing you this way and the currents are moving you that way right.

So it's not linear it's not always a straight line and. So if you don't know what it is you want to accomplish and whether you're moving towards it or away from it you have no. Idea if you're if you're being effective or not. But if you have an outcome you know what you want to accomplish and you have a way to measure what you're doing towards or away from no.

Matter which way the wind blows you think of your outcome like a lighthouse on the horizon and no. Matter which way the wind blows or the waves push you or the current deviates you as long as you can see this lighthouse you can navigate and get your outcome you can find your way to your goal. So now your outcomes don't need to be super detailed they just you just have to be able to state it in very clear terms and know how to measure that does that make sense. So that's that's part one we call that part zero i'm going to share with you now uh something i call the universal persuasion protocol this is the foundation of my cpi and my killer influence systems many of the techniques that i'm going to share with you in the.

Next you know 45 minutes or. So are going to be based from this system okay. So are you guys ready for the. Next piece yes.

Or yes. Okay. So for this i do have to go to my powerpoint all right. So.

First and foremost this is the what you're seeing here in this graphic is what we call the universal persuasion protocol. So the. First thing you want to do you always want to control you want to know your outcome let me see if i can highlight this oops know you're out oops that's not what i want all right. Well that's not working the.

Next thing you want to do is you want to control your state what does that mean remember i said the fastest way to change the feeling the body feelings of another human being is to change yours. First that's what i mean. So you have to be able to look. At that situation you have to say okay.

Who do i need this person to be for them to want to do what i want them to do and who do i have to be for that person to want to be that person right. So you control your state. Next thing you're going to do is you're going to get rapport using whatever report techniques that you know now if you're brand new to role of persuasion and influence you're going to learn one of the most powerful easiest most um comprehensive rapport skills it's also the easiest one probably that you could possibly learn and it will guarantee report with it with other people i'm going to teach you that actually it's coming up. Next after we go through this.

Then you want to use whatever language skills that you have to manage the state of your subject right. So you can control your state. But the best you can do at any given moment is manage the state of other people right. Then you want to jump into whatever process that they use and bond to their criteria and value.

So if you look. At this from the target perspective control your state get rapport use your language manage your state jump into your process bond to their criterion values okay. Let's do a fun exercise together really really quickly this is something i do in my live events it's going to be kind of weird here because i have no. I can't see you.

So i'm going to assume you're doing it. First and foremost i want you to repeat after me yes. It's a bullseye exactly miriam and your whole your whole goal using the universal persuasion protocol is to hit the persuasion bullseye when you're and again we call this the universal persuasion protocol because it does not matter what context or application you have in mind if you're in the courtroom it'll work if you're in the boardroom it'll work if you're in the conference room it'll work if you're in the tr in the classroom it'll work if you're in the bedroom or the bar room or the seminar room it will work the structure of the diagram everything on the outside let me go back to my diagram really quickly here everything on the outside these big these big circles right. Here right.

Um works on anybody who sees or hears you right. As you move to the center of the persuasion bullseye each level magnifies the level that comes before it. But the influence gets progressively more targeted to an individual or select group of individuals who have the same values okay. Does that make sense.

So you can use this in groups just i'll just do text real quick you can use this in groups or one-on-one just as effectively you can use it in any situation where language is involved this is why we call it the universal persuasion protocol what are you going to do you're going to control your state you're going to get rapport you're going to use your language you're going to use those three to manage the process of your subject you're going to jump into their process you're going to bond to their criteria and values you're going to bond their emotional values and checklists okay. So here's what here's the fun exercise i'd like you to do i'm going to say that you know i'm going to repeat that universal persuasion protocol out loud three times i want you to repeat it with me you guys ready type ready in the chat if you're ready because if you repeat it at least three times i know you'll remember it okay. One two three with feeling control your state get rapport use your language manage their manage their state jump into their process bond to their criteria and values one more another. Second time control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process bond to their criterion values one more time with feeling control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process bond to their criteria and values that's it type it i don't type it as many times as you need to you find yourself now hypothetically you're out in the world you see somebody that's interesting you're getting ready to go into a job interview or you have a mediation or a networking event and you're like how do i get people to want to do what i want them to do.

First thing that should pop into your head besides know your outcome control your state. First thing you got to do what's the. Second thing i got to do get rapport cool what's the. Third thing i gotta do i gotta use whatever language skills i have we're gonna help you with that tonight what's the fourth thing i gotta do i gotta use these three to control the state of whoever i'm talking to group or individual doesn't matter gotta use those three to manage the state of the target okay.

Four uh five jump into the process if you understand what internal process a person uses to make a decision and you match it they'll tend to follow your lead automatically okay. And. Finally what do you do you bond everything that you have to offer the unique thing that they want most at an emotional level in their life control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process bond to their criteria and values you got it you with me it's a formula now again again i have a whole i have a whole series of trainings on this if this is the scope of everything there's to learn i got time for a few choice radioactive morsels. But if you accept and understand what i'm teaching you and you do them you will be amazed at how rapidly people just like you they fall in like with you for lack of a better word okay.

So that's the universal persuasion protocol now obviously i can't in a two or three hour webinar as much as i want to teach you i can't give you everything. So i'm going to give you some of the choices nuggets there's lots more work this comes from. But these are the things that you can take out into the world right. Away and start seeing massive shifts okay.

So how many of you would like to be able to communicate with someone in such a way that they're just literally hanging on there in such a way that they're literally forced to pay attention to you and they're loving it at the same time would that be useful okay. Good type yes. It's fine okay. The more response more feedback i get the more i know you're with me.

So what i'm about to share with you now on top of everything else we've just covered is the mo what i believe is the most powerful thing you can say to any human being it's literally the secret back door to the human nervous system if you apply this technique humans literally cannot not pay attention to you and you start to generate the kind of body feelings that they've always wanted to have and who are they looking at when those feelings come rising up they're looking at you those feelings get linked in all the right. Ways okay. So the most powerful this is called the how many of you are familiar with the echo technique anybody type in the chat if you are because when you for those of you who are brand new when you hear this technique you're going to say that cannot possibly be the most powerful rapport language technique ever okay. Cool.

So here it is the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth the most powerful words that any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth why because human beings don't live in reality they live in a made-up model of how the world works. So um just. So i understand you better how many of you do have again you don't have to have any background nlp or hypnosis or anything for this to work okay. This particular technique makes use of a very powerful principle that all all humans are susceptible to it's called the identification principle human beings are literally moving through the world looking for themselves okay.

When you speak words those words have passed through an incalculable number of filters in your brain based on the structure of your thoughts as the base is the structure of your words. So when you hear your very own words coming back to you this is the important piece when you hear your very own words coming back to you your neurologist says oh they're just like me they hear me they understand me they approve of me they accept me now all those things are processed below the threshold of conscious awareness. But you see human beings are moving through the world you guys know what a radar or sonar is right. Yes.

Or yes. Okay. You guys know how it works okay. Well the way radar sonar works is that they have this little signal this little tr emitter that sends out little sound waves or radio waves and they move out into the world and they bounce off things and they come back to the receiver right.

And what happens is the the receiver takes those pulses that are reflected back and translates them into something that's meaningful to the person operating the machinery human beings move through the world with an idealized checklist of the way the world is supposed to be okay. If you ask somebody about um what constitutes the perfect kiss they actually run through a little checklist if you ask somebody um about their perfect house they're going to give you a list of attributes and and criteria if you satisfy those criteria the body generates a feeling that says that's right. If you've studied any of chris boss's work you know that yes. Isn't what we're going for that's right.

Is what we're going for when you start tapping into a person's checklist superficially or intentionally they check the little boxes on their list and each time they check a box internally their autonomic nervous system is saying that's right. That's right. That's right. That's right.

And after you chris voss vos he wrote a book. Called never split the difference and. So what happens is they start to feel good and they start to link those feelings to the source of that information to that the part that the thing that's checking off the boxes. So to speak.

So when you start speaking to somebody using the echo technique their neurology starts checking off the oh they're just like me boxes they get what i'm saying they approve of me and it generates a very powerful very positive body feeling in them and they don't want to give it up they will move heaven and earth to keep it. So let me give you let me give you some notes on the echo technique i'm going to do a little demo for you maybe i'll tell you a couple of stories that demonstrate this for you and. Then we're going to move on is that okay. What was the book.

The book. Was called never split the difference by chris voss when i talk about hostage negotiation earlier he's the same guy right. So is this making sense. So far okay.

Good all right. So let's look. At some of these notes okay. So how to get maximum attention in minimum time why do we want to get attention because attention is the currency of relationships okay.

As long as you have somebody's attention you have an active doorway into their mind into their heart and if you understand how to navigate that space you can get people to want to do anything you want to do by showing them how to get what they want by doing what you want right. It's the most ethical honest way to influence a human being this is literally the most powerful way for human beings to communicate because it literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention to you more often than not to the exclusion of everything else it should teach you how to eliminate the problem of making small talk and eliminate and pretty much eliminates boring conversations anybody here hates small talk as much as i do go ahead and type that in the chat right. This will actually make small talk fun because you don't have to do any almost any you'll have to almost none of the talking right. Um because 80 of what comes out of a person's mouth they'll be doing all the talking right.

It will prime your target will prime your subject to keep talking and give you more and more information about themselves at the same time this particular technique sends powerful signals of sameness to the listener and it can cause them to become progressively more connected attractive and positively disposed towards you it literally makes your listener feel heard understood accepted which we call validation which in turn raises your social status for those who have a background in nlp this particular technique allows you to match every internal filter that they have with practically zero chance of mistranslation or not being understood. So let me jump out real quick and and kind of debrief you on this okay. So do you understand go back to the slide okay. Okay.

So do you guys understand what i'm saying is if again the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth okay. The words that just came out of their mouth in fact back in the day um when i was living in florida and i had my martial arts school this particular technique was the technique i used to sign up probably 80 90 of the people who called me up asking for information this is what i use to get them in the door and to do their uh to get them into that introductory lesson right. So how does this work it's very simple you repeat what they say verbatim if they say did you know the dog was brown you say i didn't the dog was brown really right. Notice how much of my response to that was literally the same thing they said right.

Now what's going to happen is when you start to use this technique you're going to feel weird right. Because this is not natural for us unless we're in deep reported people already. So you get what we call the spotlight effect the spotlight effect is this this little feeling of self-consciousness people get when they're doing something for the. First time they're doing something that's a different a deviation from what they normally do things when you speak in a person's very own words they hang on every word you see okay.

They they feel understood they feel accepted they feel validated all of these things make us feel good about the person echoing us and you know how many of you are familiar with uh loss aversion theory you guys are familiar with that at all if not i'll teach you about it it's not a problem type in the chat okay. So for those who don't know what loss aversion theory is let's say that um units of pleasure and pain have an equal charge right. If i find a dollar on the sidewalk i get one unit of pleasure right. But if i lose the dollar in that i already have in my pocket i will experience four units of pain.

So human beings literally have stronger emotions towards losing the things that they already have than they do about getting new stuff does that make sense type in the chat if that makes sense how does that work in relation to the echo technique when you start using the echo technique with a person you start giving them the kinds of feelings they've always wanted to have when they're talking about something let me repeat that when you use the echo technique you got to use it the right. Way and i'll talk about that in a minute you literally stimulate the person to have the body the kind of body feelings they've always wanted to have in a communication now the echo technique will work whether you're doing it ethically or not. But if you to use it ethically the secret is you must come from a place of a sincere desire to understand connect and communicate with another person right. And here's why one of the things that happens from time to time and i challenge you to try and make this happen one of the things from time to time is that you'll use this and someone will say why are you repeating my words right.

And there's an old chestnut in nlp that says if somebody catches you matching and mirroring them it'll make them angry well that only happens if you stop doing it okay. Why is that because when somebody notices that you're matching and mirroring them they want to know why right. There's a there's a frame war that goes on here in other words the interpretation of what you're doing from their perspective versus what you're doing is different okay. If you come from a place where you understand that this is the way that human beings are biologically most uh in need of being talked to that this gives them the greatest sense of interactiveness.

Then you're doing it for the sole purpose of understanding and connecting. So if they catch you on it all you have to say is well i'm doing this because i want to understand you better is that okay. Right. And if they say no.

A little flag should go up because who in their right. Mind doesn't want to be better understood more connected with nobody right. So that should be something that again is is what we go for we move through the world does it work in text messages or chat windows 100 this technique works any place language is involved if it's a text it'll work if it's a chat it'll work if it's over the phone it'll work if it's um in a webinar it'll work right. It'll work again any place language is involved this will work okay.

Don't believe me just go out have a sincere desire to connect and communicate with another human being and when they speak use their words to communicate with them okay. Now in our cpi class and our killer influence classes we have what we call the master echo formula the master echo formula is ask your question pay attention validate the response echo their words ask again if you just follow that formula they will just keep talking and that's the other thing i wanna i wanna warn you about if you use this okay. If you're gonna use this and i highly recommend that you use it with everyone whether you know them well or not if you're using it on people who are who are worried waiting on customers like bartenders uh waitresses clerks things of that nature if you use this with them they will want to keep talking how many of you have used the echo technique noticed that once you started doing it the people you were doing would not shut up anybody right. That's what i mean the more they talk the more information they're giving you the more connected attracted and trusting they become to you right.

And they will fight to keep it that's the part that's really powerful. First of all you're letting them find the emotional dollar bill right. And you're connecting them to it. But the minute you start to move away now the fear of loss sets in and they will fight to keep your attention they will fight to have you pay attention to them.

So this is a really powerful thing to be able to do with another human being. So be respectful with how you use it. So if you're if you're playing with this and i recommend you go out and play don't take anything i i say at face value especially if you're a. First timer right.

Go out test the material try to get caught echoing a person's words does it work in texting yes. It does 100 100 right. So this is how you know if i were doing this over the phone this is how it would sound let's say i'm going to be i'm a martial arts instructor and i'm going to um attract i want to i'm talking to a first-time caller. So it goes something like this ring ring hello coral springs martial arts academy this is david how can i help you hi david my name is bernice and i'm looking f i'm interested in karate lessons for my 10 year old son josh oh hey bernice good to meet you you're.

So you're looking for karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh yeah yeah. So i'm curious bernice just. So i understand you better what's important to you about karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh well you know david um josh is a really great kid he's super smart in fact he's. So smart that his teachers actually moved him ahead of grade.

So he's actually going into a grade ahead of where all of his peers are and the people he's going to be in class with are much bigger and much older and i'm afraid josh might you know he's small for his age he's a good kid. But he's small and i'm afraid that he might get picked on because of his size and i heard also that martial arts was a really good way for kids to develop focus and confidence and concentration and to help protect themselves. So i was wondering if you could help me oh great me. So let me let me let me see if i get what you're saying.

So josh is a really good kid. But he's small for his age and he's. So smart in fact that you know his teachers moved him up a grade and he's going to be with kids that are significantly older and maybe a bit bigger than him is that true yeah yeah that's right. David.

So and also um you had heard that martial arts was good for helping develop focus and concentration and confidence yeah can you help me absolutely you see john see bernice the martial arts for for many many years has been one of the best sources for kids like josh in their you know who are small for their age to learn to protect themselves against much larger much more aggressive people it helps develop more confidence and concentration and focus and it's a fun way for people to really learn how to stand up to themselves and be the best version of themself we have a special program designed to help teach kids josh's age the concentration the focus the self-confidence and ultimately the self-defense skills that they need to stand up to those bullies and really be the best versions of themself we have uh we have an introductory class that's that uh slot available tonight about 5 30 or we have one tomorrow at 6 15 p.m which you know which which time slot works better for you well let me think that sounds really good um i think tomorrow at 6 15 would would probably be the best fit because. Then he can have his dinner he can do his homework and uh and we can bring him over fantastic beliefs i can't wait to meet you and josh and and really get him on the fast track to that confidence that that charisma um the focus and that ability to protect himself i'll pencil you in for tomorrow at 6 15 and we will see you. Then thank you. So much david i'm really excited for josh me too we'll talk to you.

Later take care click right. And. So what did you notice from that example type it in the chat would you notice by the way 9 out of 10 people show up use our words 100 right. The secret is use their words as close to the order and sequence as humanly possible now you'll notice that i didn't try to match your tonality i didn't try to speak at the same rate and speed that bernice was speaking at i didn't use any of that stuff that makes it harder to deploy and what nlp teaches you to do you don't need to do that you just need to use their words in as close to the order that they came out of their mouth the more you can overuse them the more you keep pressing those emotional buttons right.

It's really cool right. Now 9 out of 10 people would show up and about probably 9 out of 10 people would sign up i had a really big class when i was running my martial arts school and they were literally martial arts schools half a mile in any direction that you went i was little i had one school down the street from me had over 1500 active students i wasn't my school it was a competitor right. So i needed every i needed every single ace in the hole that i could get and this was one of them okay. Now connected to the echo technique is an extension called the emotional bonding checklist which is where we're going to go.

Next and the emotional bonding checklist is where you literally reach open up a person's heart metaphorically speaking find out what they most emotionally need and desire and. Then link them bond them to your you your product or your service okay. You understand the distinction right. In echo technique we're just giving them their very own words and we automatically stay in their representational systems we stay in all of their filters and we indirectly link to their criterion values in with the emotional bonding checklist what we do is we take that connection that desire that need or drive to find the best x for us to a deeper level does that make sense.

But you use the echo technique to help facilitate that does that make sense type in the chat okay. I'm going to tell you one more story about the echo technique because it's a fun story back in 2012 i was hired by a security company out of israel to go and do some coaching and some training for their vips their marketing department and their r d people and i i love the israeli people. But i gotta tell you they are some of the tough they are one of the toughest audiences i ever faced every day i came in it was a battle to get them to sit in the front row right. I would have five rows of chairs they'd come in as a group they'd all sit in the.

Last three rows. First two rows would be completely empty i would say can you all move to the front row they would look. At me i think can we all kind and they just look. At me and.

So i said you know what just. So you know i always call on the people in the back row. First they got up as a group and all moved to the front of the room and i taught my class. Next day they came in i say you know i'm going to call the people in the back row they looked at me like nana we know your game.

So i had my assistants go in take out the. First two rows. So they were in the. First three rows again every day it was about.

But one day i'm teaching a class i'm teaching about the echo technique and i'm teaching it to the r d people not only if you ever work with people in r d and multiple phds professional smart guys their version of customer service is read the manual right. So i'm sitting here i'm talking about the echo technique and how it literally hacks the nervous system it gets people to want to pay attention to you right. And this one guy is looking at me and the longer i talk the more he gets this look. On his face like you know somebody farted in his oatmeal or something he just has this stuff eventually he can't take it anymore he stands up he looks at me he says i don't believe it i go you don't believe it i don't believe it i said what specifically don't you believe says i don't believe this will work and.

So for the. Next five or six minutes all i did was feed him his very own words back to him and he kept elaborating and going off and telling me all these things and i'm just giving him his words back to him he never caught it right. He never caught it now everyone around him knew what i was doing i i i i kept it going for about three four five minutes i don't know if i it's just usually vaseline between five to ten minutes just. So people know it's not a fluke and.

Then i as respectfully as i could because i didn't want to get shown the door or punched i said to him sir do you realize that for the. Last five minutes or. So all i've done is give you back your very own words and he looked at me like i was crazy he looked at his friend to the left of him and his friend went and he looked at his friend to the right. Of him and his friend went now i don't know if you've ever seen like cartoons like yosemite sam where he's like eating too much hot sauce and like the thermometer the red rises and steam pours out of his ears that was this guy he turns beet red looks like he's about to explode and.

Then he gets this defeated look. On his face and he says are we really. So stupid and i looked at it and i said sir you are not stupid you're selfish everyone every nervous system in every human being is selfish you're moving through the world searching for yourself literally and when you reflect that internal map of yourself back to the person they can't not respond to it and the person who's been having their words fed back to him 99 times out of 100 won't realize it's happening and if you're doing it properly even if they do realize it's happening they won't care okay. But how do we take that further can we can we actually reach in metaphorically speaking to a person's heart find out what they most want and need and desire in the context that we're interacting with them and bond them to what we want them to do in a way that they actually want to do it do you think we can do that do you think it's possible damn skippy that's where we're going to go.

Next and in order for you to really get this i need you to experience it would that be okay. Would it be okay. For you to experience this with me okay. So here's again this is the interactive portion of tonight's program i want you to get out a piece of paper and a pen or a pencil and what i want you to do is i want you to write this question on the top of the page what do i want to be able to do from applying what i'm learning on tonight's webinar write that out what do i want to be able to do by applying what i learned from tonight's webinar i want you to speak it out loud i want you to pay attention to the answer that pops into your head and i want you to write it underneath that question just write it out type done in the chat when you've done that for me okay.

Cool all right. Now underneath that i want you to write another question similar to the. First one. But slightly different and this question is what's it going to do for me.

So assuming you got the techniques to get what you want and you got it what does having that outcome do for you what does it do for you specifically write down ask the question out loud write the answer down i need you to write these down guys as close to what pops into your head as possible when you've done that type done in the chat perfect underneath that i want you to write this question what's important to me about that and answer the question what's important to me about that. So literally what am i going to get from applying the techniques from tonight's webinar what's that going to do for me what's important about that rate the answer cool again if you want to share them in the chat you can. But i'm much more interested that you have it written down in front of you okay. Beautiful now once you've written that.

So some people said freedom some people said clear you know sales whatever now assuming you get that what's important about that. So literally you're going to ask the same question three times you're going to get a different answer each time what's important about that what's important about that what's important about that. So three levels down and if you're doing this properly remember i'm not asking you what you're writing i'm not asking you to tell me what you're writing you should be noticing that you're feeling more and more emotions as you ask true not true beautiful that's the process that you use now when we come back from our from when we come back to part three in the webinar i will show you how to make this even more powerful i will make this even more effective for you now some of you said i'm feeling very emotional as you were writing this down true now stand up now if you're driving if you're driving don't do this obviously you shouldn't be riding and driving at the same time. But if you want to participate in this drill and you are operating machinery or equipment or driving or whatever pull off to the side of the road find a parking lot put the car and drop and park turn off the ignition put on the parking brake get outside of the car and follow the instructions okay.

I want you to stand up and take your piece of paper that you've written and here's what i want you to do i want you to read the answers to your what's important about questions three questions i want you to read them out loud five times read them out loud five times when you've done that type done in the chat virtue brother i like that true yep i got off track go back start pick up where you left off you should have what's important about question written three times there should be three separate answers perfect wesley's done shocked okay. Good excellent i'm seeing a lot more done i'm going to wait until you i'm satisfied okay. So let me ask you a question what happened when you spoke those words out loud to nobody. But you what happened i was focused chills felt empowered calm serve okay.

Felt the direction felt inspired exterior beautiful beautiful now for those of you who may have felt a little bit of an ickiness in the background i'll show you how to deal with that in part three that's the gift that you are going to give to every single person that you use this with let me explain that when you use this emotional bonding checklist process with another human being they will automatically link what they most want to what you offer if you do it in a certain way. So you think about how all of the things that you want from that list are connected to tonight's webinar if it's okay. With you i'd like to show you how to go about getting them i'd like to do that by teaching you about a special program i've put together to help you accelerate your your success would that be okay. Cool i'm not going forward till everybody agrees okay.

Perfect all right. So with your permission i'd like to teach you about the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion mastery home study course this is a special course that i created uh several months ago for specifically for people who are having trouble getting to our live events this is designed to be a an all-in-one all-inclusive process that will allow you to secretly or not. So secretly make people like love and trust you influence their their ideas and beliefs and basically get the erase the word no. From your life unless it's something you really want to hear this secret this program is all about taking your life to the.

Next level that could be making more money closing more deals getting more dates helping more people feeling more confident just basically winning the game of life in general if you've ever fantasized about becoming more charming and charismatic charismatic and irresistible this is the fast track to getting all of that and. So much more. So here's what i put together for you this offer does expire tonight february 23rd at 11 59 p.m. So please keep that in mind now keep in mind that it is perfectly worth it at full price.

But what you're going to get in the secrets of human influence home study course it's a 17 actually it's a 24 video collection because we're using the killer influence uk videos it's going to teach you how to think and act like a master of influence going to teach you how to systematically become object or outcome oriented how to control your body control your mind. So that nobody else can we're going to teach you how to control your psychomotional state. So you can actually influence people from across the room and nobody can push your buttons ever again it's a 297 value uh in the. Last training we did we spent almost two days just on that.

So think about how powerful state control by the way is like the secret jedi skill you can't get caught it influences everyone within this your within the line of sight and when you get really good you can do it over the phone through video chats whatever okay. It's really powerful and it just primes people that want to do what you want them to do to to process your communication in the way that's in harmony with their body feelings and you gave them those body feelings. So it's all good we're going to teach you power report skills how to get rapport with people anytime anywhere for any reason right. Echo technique is just the beginning of that we're going to teach you the seven most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns that exist patterns that are.

So pervasive that you can't hear them without being automatically affected by them one particular pattern will allow you to instantaneously direct a person's focus of awareness to focus on exactly what you want them to focus on to the exclusion of other things to automate processes in their own brain. So that they don't they literally just start running these processes on autopilot because you told them to right. We're going to teach you how to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener we're going to teach you another pattern that's going to teach you how to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener think about that for a moment what if you could tell somebody something and. Then tell them what it means even if those things have absolutely nothing in common one simple pattern can allow you to do that and because that particular structure is the same structure as a human belief that language is processed with the same level of certainty as a belief.

So they become very very sure of what you just told them right. We're going to teach you another language pattern that will cause anybody's internal mind movies to be exactly what you want them to be with absolutely zero chance of it being otherwise and they'll love it they'll feel they'll feel. So full. So focused on you they'll love listening to you and have you hanging on your every word if you do any kind of writing creative writing persuasive writing copywriting this is one of the most powerful tools you can use to have people just buying book.

After book. After book. If you write articles this is something that will absolutely make your stuff a joy to read that's just some of the patterns you'll be learning we're also going to teach you how to manage the emotional states of others remember everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of and. So the fastest way to get a human being's feelings to change is to change yours.

First we're going to show you how to do that not just with your body and your emotions. But with the actual words and the way you use your words. So that people begin to want to do the things you want them to do they begin to internally link everything you want to what's being offered to you right. We're going to teach you how to hijack a person's internal behavior how to kind of look.

Behind the curtain at how they go about deciding to do anything and being able to fit your communication into that structure. So it feels very natural and very right. And ethical for them to do what you want them to do right. It's a 297 dollar value we're never going to teach you.

Finally we're going to kind of elaborate even deeper on the process we've talked about earlier which is all about how to emotionally bond anyone's deepest desires to get them to actually want to do what you want them to do this if i could teach you nothing else today. But the echo technique and the emotional bonding process you would literally be able to write your own ticket in this life. But there's. So much more that this program offers you okay.

You're also going to get the killer influence mind control manifesto it's a 418 value has over just over 240 pages and it has uh chapters on other types of influence tools things that don't rely on language like spatial hypnotic operators where you sit or stand at a table can dramatically influence the level of authority and prestige and influence that you have over everybody at it where you stand in relation to another human being's dominant side or non-dominant side can dramatically influence how much they like you we'll talk about um we'll call object relations theory where in if you give somebody a warm drink to hold they will look. At you and process you with more emotional warmth they will feel more emotionally warm towards you than if you gave them a cold drink to hold right. These are the things that don't rely on language. But can dramatically give you the the opportunity to psychologically position yourself in a person's mind.

So that they naturally want to listen to you to obey you to follow your lead to trust you that don't rely on language we'll talk about social hypnotic operators special hypnotic triggers that your society has programmed into you that when society the media presses these buttons you automatically take the the desired action it's it's it's a little scary at. First. But knowing how to do these things is the fastest way to protect yourself from being manipulated by the media the news agency the government everybody who wants you to do what they want you to do. But not for your best interests.

But for theirs we're going to show you how that works how to detect it how to use it and how to counter it not only that we're also going to teach you how to a special chapter called drt drt stands for dirty rotten tricks dirty rotten tricks are gray area persuasion tactics that you may need to pull out in in those moments of need or under duress where you have to protect yourself or understanding these techniques allows you to actually you know turn the tables on narcissists machiavellian sociopaths those those social predators out there and. Then. Finally we're going to be showing you a process called cold reading which is the fastest most powerful way to gain massive authority in a person's world in fact of all the different influence tactics that exist there's only one category of influence tactics and techniques that don't rely on rapport to manifest and that's authority we'll show you how it works how to use it how to protect yourself against it and to make sure that you're it's you're you're moving through the world from a much more enlightened much more aware place okay. That's all part of the killer influence mind control manifesto that's included with this particular video course it's a 418 value you're also going to get access to an online community with more than 210 active members.

But as you can probably guess total value here is two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars. But we're not going to stop there just like the commercial says. But wait there's more right. If you grab this package now you'll also get these special exclusive bonuses again i designed this program for people who actually um may not be able to get to my live events if you can get to my live events this will take everything you you're learning and just put it on steroids.

But you're also going to get our weapons of mass instruction scientific and seductive storytelling secrets this is the neuroscience based approach to creating powerful persuasion using story and narrative it's going to systematically teach you how to create stories that instantly bond you and connect you to perfect strangers and make them want to spend more time with you it's going to teach you how to craft and create stories that lead and motivate and inspire your people. So if you're if you're leading a team or you're you uh have employees that you need to motivate or you're doing any kind of therapy work these are the powerful processes that can create massive change and movement and motivation in people we call those kinds of stories alpha stories we're also going to teach you about another kind of story known as omega stories mega stories are stories that reduce the resistance to persuasion. So let me kind of explain this a little bit we talk about alpha stories right. Alpha stories are stories that kind of give you more push i always tell people that human beings move through the world with a jet the combination of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back and most people try to get further faster by putting more thrust to the engine which inevitably creates more drag right.

But if you just cut the anchor you take off like a rocket alpha stories add more thrust to the jet engine. But omega stories are different omega stories function by reducing the resistance to the information you're giving now let me give you a little metaphor for that if i have this big old filing cabinet right. And i need to move it across the room i can get behind it and i can push and i can push and i can push and eventually i get enough help i can push that filing cabinet across the room that's one way to do it that's an alpha story. But if i take some oil or some other kind of lubricant and i lubricate the floor i can now push that filing cabinet by myself with minimum resistance omega stories allow you to do exactly that and the most powerful thing about story work is that they're never perceived let's go what's going on with my okay.

That's weird um they're never perceived as a persuasion attempt right. Now aside from that ghosted hold on a. Second let me see what's going on here that's just weird all right. Well we'll go back to the powerpoint i think somebody's trying to censor me they're trying to keep you from getting this information all right.

So can you guys see my can you see my powerpoint okay. Good all right. So the. Last the.

Last kind of story that we're going to are the the. Last part we're going to talk about in addition to their absolute persuasion power stories can also be used as a delivery mechanism for other persuasion techniques. So there's a module in this particular course called ninja stories. So if you've ever been in if you've ever been in a seminar with guys like t harvecker mark victor hansen robert allen lisa sassovich tony robbins right.

And all of a sudden at some predetermined moment everybody in the freaking place gets up and stamped to the back of the room to uh to buy the courses and stuff like that it's because in the in the structure of what they're teaching you they've embedded certain persuasion tactics that prime you behave in a certain way in the ninja stories model we actually pull back the curtain and we deconstruct transcripts from those presentations and we show you all of the actual techniques that are being used and how to do them. So that when you go into seminars like this you'll actually be able to detect when the stuff is being used and if you are somebody who makes their living by through presenting or public speaking or what have you you'll rapidly be able to you'll rapidly be able to use these things to get people to want to become clients want to buy your product or service or just to learn your material better right. Very powerful stuff right. Let me see if my uh am i back hold on a.

Second oh i'm back hey i'm clear again all right. Let me go back to uh sharing my screen. So aside from the the ghosting moment are you guys still with me. So total value for this course if you were to buy it on the on the website would be 1997. we're going to give this to you absolutely free just for being on the webinar just for taking advantage of the secrets of human influence package we're going to throw it in total combined value.

So far if you want to go to the website and try to buy these things individually will be 4 487 if you register now before the end of the webinar. But we're not going to stop there we're also going to include one of my favorite courses of all time this is called renegade reframing it's literally how to overcome any objection or change any belief in normal conversations in seconds let me ask you a question what if you had the belief the ability anytime somebody objected to what you wanted to do every time if they they believe something that you didn't want them to believe what if you had at least 14 different ways change that belief or win any argument or overcome any objection that they gave you what could you do with that kind of power that is exactly what renegade reframing is about it's based on the work of robert dilts who was modeling founder of nlp richard bandler richard would consistently when he was training his master practitioners he would challenge them to try and use their nlp skills on him to try and change his beliefs or disrupt his model of the way the world works or disrupt their belief systems and every time they would try to beat richard he would throw out one of these patterns and instantly knock them into confusion instantly subvert their beliefs overcome their objections their resistance everything and after a while uh mr dilts realized that there were patterns that richard kept resorting to and he recorded these and he studied that he analyzed them and he came up with a program known as he called sleight of mouth now this particular course is a re-engineering of the sleight of mouth process it's done a very fun exciting energetic way it actually teaches you it actually comes with a card game that you can play called the reframe game which allows you to systematically overcome teaches you how to really get these patterns inside of you. So you can change any belief even your own well i thought one of the most powerful things you can do with this is list all the beliefs that hold you back and start using these frames these reframe patterns on them and within seconds one of them one of these patterns will change your belief and will actually free up and remove the blocks to your success this is a powerful powerful tool i've spent the. Last probably six weeks with my coaching clients putting them through their paces these guys are reframing jedi and one of the things that really happens really really quickly is your limiting beliefs no.

Longer stick to you because the moment the limiting belief comes up if you have this training inside of you you automatically reframe the belief you automatically gain more power and choice and control over your life. So it's very very simple to start changing your mind and the minds of others through these simple conversational patterns it's completely covert and it can do it during normal conversation usually in seconds it's a 1997 value total combined value of the package. So far is six thousand four hundred and eighty five dollars if you register before the end of the webinar. But we're not going to stop there we're also going to include one of my flagship programs how many of you here just.

So i understand you better how many of you here do any kind of presenting or public speaking or are content creators for your website or your blog or something like that anybody here do that youtube whatever if if that's you. Then this. Next course this. Next free bonus is going to be a godsend this is called charisma on command we also we actually changed the name of it to chemistry and conversion what this is hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers.

So much like i told you before when you see guys like t harvecker or lisa sassage have people running to the back of the room to buy their products or service if you want to have people hooked on your content have them hanging on every word this is the course that allows you to deploy all the things you learn in cpi one the universal persuasion protocol and killer influence from the stage on a live audience it's not about stage hypnosis it's about deploying hypnotic influence from the stage for the purposes of building your business helping your students and encouraging back of the room sales okay. I've said this many times i'll say it again one of the fastest most effective ways to build your business is through public speaking to get in front of a group of people who have a problem that you have a solution for demonstrate your skills in an entertaining educational empowering way and giving them the opportunity to take that relationship with you to the. Next level it's how i built my business that's why most of you are here and i've spent any amount of time in planet david in this course i'm going to teach you systematically two systems of presentation one designed for large groups one designed for small groups if you're a chiropractor a physician of any kind dentist that small group presentation model is worth its weight in gold uh the large group presentation model if you if you speak to largely 40 50 100 400 people this particular model will teach you how to create a presentation that on multiple levels at the same time primes and programs your audience to see how the talk is relevant to them how you are the person who can deliver the results they're looking for and make them salivate and want to take the. Next step with you we call it persuasion architecture there's about 12 different ways that you can use stories there's we're also going to teach you basic stagecraft how to hold a microphone how to spatially anchor things how to move on stage in such a way that you're not cutting yourself off and gaining maximum rapport with that audience will teach you attention uh attention patterns in other words what is how does the attention in an audience actually shift based on where you are on the stage right.

We're going to deconstruct the talks of t harvecker like we talked about in the storytelling course. So you can understand what these things look. And sound like from the stage we're going to teach you how to take all of that content how to position yourself position your talk position your audience position your offer how to create an offer that makes people salivate for the results that you're offering them all ethically and honestly and there's actually a whole lot more that we're going to teach you because we're also going to teach you how to take the content that you've created and repurpose it for youtube for instagram for how to use meetup.com to build your tribe all these things are included in this one course right. It's a one 1997 value we're gonna give it to you absolutely free because now that we're coming out of code now that all of us have been forced in one way or another to do things online we need a tool we need a set of tools that allow us to be able to get in front of a group of live human beings or in front of a group of video based human beings and create a powerful compelling exciting entertaining and educational presentation that makes people want to take the.

Next step if you're looking for a way to build your business with the least amount of uh investment there is nothing that will do it faster than public speaking i highly highly recommend this course if you don't get any other course. But this one this one can change your whole life it's a 1997 value we're gonna give it to you absolutely free and for those of you who are interested we're actually doing a live version of this training in july out in las vegas where you can come and actually get uh feedback from your presentation we'll actually put you on stage and actually give you feedback and hands-on training and how to do these things live and in person total value is eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars if you register for the package before the end of the webinar. So let's just recap really quick what we're looking at we're looking at the 24 video seven stage universal persuasion protocols with the mind control manifesto 241-page manual in the online community with over 210 active members total value is uh two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars we're also going to include the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling secrets one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value comes with a manual as well the renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change home study course 1997 value and of course the charisma on command hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers valued at and ninety 1997 dollars total value if you're gonna go to the website today and try to buy these things individually it would cost you about eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars. But as you can probably guess we wanna give you the best deal humanly possible today and.

So for today only you're not going to have to pay 800 or 8481 dollars you're not even going to we're not going to we're not even going to charge you 6 347 we're gonna keep dropping it we're gonna we're gonna drop it down to five thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars. But you know what that's still too much for today's offer we're not even going to charge you 3 347 or 2 347 if you want this program if you want to take your life to the. Next level if you want to have people hanging on your every word if you want the master keys to getting the life you want the way that you want it we're not even going to charge you 347 you can get it all everything on that list that little list of the paper you wrote out what you want what it's going to do for you you can get it all for one low investment of just 9.97 if you need a little help you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397 each all you got to do to get yours now is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go on a. Second here if you have questions about any of these things you can reach out to my administrative goddess stephanie lestenskiba at stephanie nlpower.com and if you need to talk to her in person you can call her at 858-282-4663 that's 858-282-4663 now some of you have been bopping around planet david for a while may have some of these courses if that's the case we will in fact let you substitute or swap out courses that you may already have.

So you can customize the program even further for yourself all you got to do is let stephanie know at 858-282-4663. So you just click that link in your list there's a three-month payment there's a three-month payment plan available 397 a month for three months right. Now lest you wonder everything in this program everything in this package comes with a 60-day satisfaction guarantee money-back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to risk take the secrets of human influence program use it practice it apply it for 60 days if you have questions call us and let us walk you through the sticking points if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money closing more deals reaching financial freedom if you're not getting the love you want the way you want if the relationships in your life are not bearing the fruit you want based on the on the promises and the predictions we've made if you're not on the fast track to winning any social encounter being more irresistible in your life if you're not satisfied in any way i will refund your money you have absolutely nothing to risk here you know um again everything works for somebody nothing works for everybody. But this is as close as it gets i promise you if you apply these skills your life will change and it will change drastically and for the better in fact my prediction is you're only going to get better it's only going to get stronger i i'll warn you these these are not this is not like these are not light materials when i mean the light i mean there's a lot of information a lot of information.

But the beautiful part about this particular protocol this particular let me let me jump off my powerpoint for a. Second here really quick you know one of the beautiful things about influence and persuasion you know i guess if this is the scope of everything that there is just a little bit just a little bit of information applied the right. Way can change your life if you have the whole system nothing can stop you nothing not your mindset not your skill set not other people's resistances nothing persuasion and influence is the ultimate survival skill set if you want to survive and thrive in a society this is the way to do it and you have absolutely nothing to risk from doing it take the program apply it for 60 days if you have questions pick up the phone or send us an email we'll walk you through the sticking points if after those 60 days it's not working pick up the phone we'll refund your money it doesn't get any simpler and that doesn't get any safer than that okay. But for those of you who are what i love to call action takers or early adopters you know go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and just click through and your stuff will be automatically loaded into your uh into your your account on nlp power.com or davidson nlp.com for those of you who are fast action takers if all this wasn't good enough with the you know some of the most amazing courses i've ever created the most powerful courses and remember i got to be honest with you i didn't create those courses for you i created them for me because i had problems areas in my life that i wanted to win and i needed to find an answer and this was my answer okay.

So if you grab your course before today february 23rd 2022 sorry i'm sorry for the typo 11 59 pm we're also going to include these fast action bonuses for you fast action bonus number one we're going to give you a three month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program this is a program that i have been running on the. Third saturday of every month since october of 2010. on the. Third saturday of every month i literally show up in person and online and i say steve what do you want to learn jesse what do you want to learn john what do you want to learn seth what do you will learn holly what do you want to learn and i literally write down what you want to learn i look. At how they all connect i create a lesson plan on the spot and.

Then for the. Next four hours i drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep at the end of those four hours you go out into the world to apply those skills you will not get a certificate from the nlp power mastermind what you will get is the one thing that that makes the difference and that's the hands-on skills okay. You'll get the ability to roll your sleeves up with people who have the same interest the same desires that you do you'll be able to help hang out with people who are interested in doing cool stuff with cool people just like you and you'll be able to hone your skills for real-world applications. But it doesn't stop there if after three months you're not liking it quit if you want to stay after three months let stephanie know we'll tell you how to do that.

But one of the things i want you to know is that we have videotaped every single mastermind session since october of 2010 and we have archived those videos on our nlp power websites on our youtube channels and on our private facebook. Page as a mastermind member you will get unfettered access to the entire 10 11 year archive i'm sorry 11 year archive you'll be able to content that's never been seen on youtube it's never been released as a product you need to binge watch that stuff to your heart's content and it covers everything from dating and attraction sales and marketing therapy energy healing law of attraction accelerated learning um performance enhancement any mind magic manifestation you name it it's there because there's no. Hold bar there's no. Content that's off limits when it comes to the mastermind it's all about practical skills for the three months you can binge watch thousands of hours of content it's a four it's a fifteen hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you're one of the.

Next few people to join total combined value of everything we've got. So far is ten thousand seventy eight dollars. But we're not going to stop there because where there's a fast action bonus one there's a fast action bonus too for those of you who actually want to get started even faster this is i'm going to give you a free copy of my stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course now stealth is an acronym stands for strategic suggestion through emotionally amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis yes. There is an actual acronym for this it's a 997 value and what it does for you it's going to teach you in a quick quick and dirty format the seven most powerful language patterns the three magic questions protocol that allows you to go from stranger to intimacy in as little as 20 minutes it's going to teach you instant and rapid inductions there's one video in there called instant inductions made easy you learn seven six or seven different instant inductions that you can go out into the world and just start hypnotizing people right.

Off the bat i believe there's also a course in there called anchors in action which allows you to emotionally anchor states to people. So that you can trigger them any time you want and there's also a six video course in there uh john joe's saying stealth change my life period yes. It comes with transcripts it comes with workbooks if there was a fast track to being an unstoppable master of conversation hypnosis and hypnotic influence this is the course it's a 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you're one of the. First fast action takers to click that link right.

Now and grab your course. So the total combined value of everything we've talked about. So far is 11 075 dollars. But.

Finally for the. Next twenty seven people to register today we are going to give you a very special pr very special gift we're gonna give you a free vip ticket to our. Next killer influence 2022 secrets of covert hypnosis live four day certification boot camp this is your chance to get in a room with me and some very cool people who like to do cool stuff and not only learn the materials have them installed in you practice them get feedback and have probably one of the best times you're ever going to have out of training it's going to be held in orlando florida at the rosen plaza hotel april 27 through the 30th you get to come in absolutely free right. Absolutely free it's a 2 250 value all you got to do to claim yours if you want the.

Next 27 people to click that link and you get added to our special database of vip ticket members you go right. To the front of the class right. To the front row and you can learn this stuff from me in person you can have me observe you you can have me teach you you can have me give you feedback pointers help you through the sticking points you get the personal attention that you deserve to have right. I've said this before i will say it again i love our video courses i love our video programs nothing nothing puts this stuff into you like a live event for those of you who are veterans of planet david tell these people the difference between the live event and the video program just your experiences just let them have it okay.

France says do the live courses you possibly can they are life-changing yes. They are all you need to do to claim your ticket right. Now is go to www yeah 13 325 value again this is going to teach you the four days of hands-on training how to control your emotional state at will how to emanate charisma on command make people like love and trust you hypnotize people during normal conversations and read anyone instantly detect lies. So much more all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go killer influence dot once again to recap um sequence of human influence home study course 2 479 value it's going to include that killer influence mind control manifesto home study course and access to the online training community we're going to include the weapons of mass instruction uh home study course to 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free objection obliteration that's renegade reframing out of conversational belief change value we're going to give that to you absolutely free charisma and conversion uh the uh hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers 1 997 value we're gonna give that to you absolutely free we're also going to throw in those super fast action bonuses the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and the unlimited access to the 11-year archive 1500 and 1597 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course 997 value we're going to give it to you free and.

Finally for those of you who are really serious about taking your life to the. Next level we're going to give you that special killer influence vip super ticket free access to our four day live certification boot camp live in orlando florida april 27 through the 30th it's a 2 250 value total package value is thirteen thousand three hundred and twenty five dollars okay. You can get it all for one low installment one low investment remember an investment pays you money as you as you reap it okay. Total value total purchase today is 9.97 or you can break that up into three easy payments of just 397 to get you started if you have questions you can reach out to stephanie at the following and at the following information uh remember that usually when we get to this part of the webinar uh stephanie's phone is inundated with calls if you get her voicemail please please please leave your contact information if you leave your contact information you will qualify for the bonuses if you call and you do not leave a message you will not qualify for the bonuses okay.

We want you to be in yeah royce is coming in um. So again this is probably one of the best packages that we offer this is designed to supplement your training when you go to that live event and you go home and you start going through these individual video courses it will drive and cement home everything you learned in the live event you will see things you never would have seen any other way this is one of the most powerful most easy ways to get your life on track and we'll be right. There right. Alongside you penny the entire way to make sure this works for you okay.

Our goal we give you the live event ticket is. So that you know you're supported you know you're going to get the attention and the feedback and the follow-up that you need stephanie and i are always available either by email by phone if you have a question you have a problem pick up the phone give us a call do the courses apply them for 60 days if you're not getting the results you want let stephanie know we'll refund your money okay. So that being said we're gonna go ahead and take a seven minute break time enough for you guys to process your orders uh let stephanie know you if you have any questions right. And by the way a couple of things you should know about our vip super tickets is they don't expire.

So let's say you buy this program. But you can't make the live training in orlando in april well that's fine all you do is pick up the phone that stephanie know the. Next time we do killer influence we will put you at the head of the line if you can't make it. But you have somebody who would like to go in your place you can transfer that ticket to them if.

Next year we raise the price of killer influence and you still have this ticket you don't pay any extra okay. This ticket you have it until you use it as long as your name is in our database as a vip member you get to come to the front line let's say killer influence sells out we run out of room if you have one of these vip tickets we will find a place for you we will make room for you that's the beauty of the vip ticket program it gets you in front of the people who can actually give you the skills to get the life you want the way that you want it all you gotta do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go it's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go one more time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go i'm going to come back at 6 00 p.m my time it's about three minutes about seven minutes from now and we're gonna pick up where we left off with the emotional bonding checklist we're gonna go deeper into customizing the rest of today's content to what you want to learn most about. So i'll give you some options when we get back in the meantime please please please click that link click that link click that link get your seat reserved get out to that killer influence in orlando orlando's a fun town you don't even need to wear masks it's kind of cool right. Come on out and let's have some fun all right.

We'll see you in about six or seven minutes all right. Guys i'm back a little bit early i got done with my business pretty quick if you guys have any questions i'm happy to post them in the chat i'm happy to answer them while we're still on break when we're done with the break we're going to go ahead and we're going to pick up teaching we're going to give you more techniques more skills more tools. So that you can begin to you know put these things into practice let me go to chat here real quick. So dr davis how to deal with mood swings the fastest way to deal with mood swings is through controlling your posture and your breathing and we will actually teach you how to do that in the posture now the other way to do it the other way to do it.

But i recommend posture and breathing. First before you do anything else the other way to do it that works really really well is a process we call color breathing color breathing is really really good um at dissolving negative emotional states right. So i think we have several yeah we have several um videos where we demonstrate color breathing. So the magic question for that is just what do i want to feel instead remember you know imagine what that might be like create that mental movie it'll generate a body feeling turn that body feeling into a color breathe it through the affected area and you'll find your mood pretty much dissolving in in seconds daniel hassan says i don't think my uk internet provider likes these links for some reason daniel if you're having any trouble at all reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 and we'll go ahead and make sure that you're taken care of i think you've bought from us before.

So we should have your we should have your file available um what else. So carla's asking can you please give a short description of the emotional bonding checklist absolutely in fact we're going to be when we come back from our break in about a minute that's actually where we're going to go. Next in terms of content. So just stay tuned anybody else really quick super curious about omega stories omega stories are cool in fact um there's a i did a uh at the icbch let me you know let me jump out of um let me jump out of my screen real quick my screen really quick at the icbch convention uh.

Last week in orlando i did a two hour uh breakout on story work and i posted a segment of that training on the youtube channel. So if you're if you're curious about what's inside one of those bonuses this uh weapons of social mass instruction the social or science of storytelling bonus you can go look. At that video and see a piece yeah you can go to that video and see part of what i mean you'll get the entire training. But that's a segment i couldn't teach them i couldn't give them the hands-on at the convention because they only gave me a two-hour slot.

But you get the whole hands-on in the video you also get the hands-on at the killer influence four-day boot camp. So this is a really good way for you to kind of get a little sneak preview of what you're going to be getting after you purchase your course right. So just go again just go to go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go. Second repetition www.killer forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go i sound like an infomercial.

Anyway back to the emotional bonding checklist okay. So people are asking if i can give you a description of the emotional bonding checklist. So let's let's go let's review really quickly everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's a feeling they either want more of or they want a whole lot less of the emotional bonding checklist is a process or let me let me backtrack the emotional the the checklist is the way that your nervous system decides when to have a certain feeling. So let me give you an example let's say that i am uh i'm gonna i want to be in a relationship anybody here want to be in a relationship or like to have it improve their relationship type in the chat if you'd like to improve your relationship okay.

So one of the things that you do with the emotional bonding checklist is you you ask somebody you say. So i'm curious just. So i understand you better what's important to you about the ideal relationship now notice what i said here the ideal relationship what do you absolutely have to have in that relationship to be happy fulfilled and satisfied all emotional bonding checklists are context dependent let me let me let me say that again all emotional bonding checklists are context dependent for everything that you can conceive of your neurology will generate an emotional bonding checklist for that thing. So let's say you're 20 years old right.

And most 20 year olds that i've met have never even thought about life insurance yet if you were to ask that 20 year old what's important about life insurance they would instantly give you a list of things follow me. So far that list of things is their value and their emotional value right. Now sometimes they're going to give you the name of a value. But they'll give you little to no.

Idea of how to fulfill it. So going back to our relationship example i go to person a and i say what's important to you about the relationship what do you absolutely have to have in a relationship to feel happy satisfied and fulfilled person a says well that's easy i need to be respected i i know that i i if i'm if i know you respect me. Then it's easier for me to feel happy and satisfied and important in that relationship person b says you know what i agree respect is important for me too i absolutely have to have respect in a relationship person a says really well i'm curious how do you know when you're getting respect in a relationship person b says well that's easy i know you respect me when you think about what you're going to say before you say it now you tell me the truth and you you don't hold the truth back. But you say it in a way that preserves my feelings you know and it doesn't make me feel like i'm an idiot or belittles me or reduces myself to steven.

Anyway that's how i know you respect me. So how do you respect how do you know when you're getting respect person a says oh well that's easy i know you respect me when you tell me the truth regardless of whether it's going to hurt my feelings regardless of whether it might make me feel like a idiot or not that's how i know you respect me you just tell me the truth you don't hold anything back now what do you think happens when these two people get an argument or to have a disagreement what do you think is going to happen type it in the chat waiting is going to happen major conflict or stalemate truth hurts right. Bloodheads right. But why again this is a class remember why are they butting heads they both have they both have the same value respect right.

They both have the same value why are these people getting an argument any idea pretty pretty simple to figure out right. The rule the rules that they use that tell them they're being respected are different person a or person b i'm sorry person b needs diplomacy they need tact they need care and compassion person b give it to me raw baby tell it like it is right. The rule is the criteria they can't have the feeling of respect the body won't release or activate or stimulate that feeling of respect that is what is right. And true in their world until that criteria is satisfied and this is why there's one more question that we need to know about if we're going to use the emotional bonding checklist and that question is how do you know how do you know when you're being respected how do you know that this house is the right.

House for you how do you know that this policy is the right. Policy for you to have and what's important about that because until you know what a person's criteria is what the checklist is you don't know how to match it you follow me. So far. So if you think of um criterion values or the emotional bonding checklist has three parts you have the checklist when those checklist elements are satisfied the body generates a feeling and we give that feeling a name in the case of our example with our two prospective relationship people the name of the value was respect the feeling was probably very similar.

But the checklist how they go about triggering the body to stimulate it is different. So the two questions when you're gonna do emotional bonding with people are a what's important about how do you know how do you know when you've got it right. And does that question sound a little familiar didn't we start the webinar with this idea of knowing your outcome knowing what you want to achieve right. Same thing here's the secret to this anytime you can name you can conceive of something your neurology will automatically generate a checklist even if it's something you never thought you wanted right.

If you go to a 20 year old and say what's important about life insurance they're going to tell you what's important to them about life insurance even though in their brief 20 years on this planet they have never even thought about buying life insurance and you know what's funny is when you actually talk about the life insurance using their words it will go right. To the core of who they are now what's the actual technique when you've elicited somebody's checklist when you've elicited somebody's value you only talk about the aspect of your product or your service that directly satisfies that value and you use their words to do it you use their words to do it. So let's say i'm i'm selling i'm a realtor i'm selling real estate right. And i'm uh interviewing a client that i'm i'm going to show houses to and i might say to that client.

So mrs jones i'm curious just. So i can make sure that you have the best experience possible and we get you the perfect house i'm curious about something what for you makes the perfect house what do you absolutely have to have in your ideal home mrs jones says well you know that's that's a great question. First of all gotta have a really big kitchen uh it's gonna be close to good schools and it's gonna have a big backyard. So my kids can play oh okay.

So i'm curious about something mrs jones just. So i understand you better what's important to you about that big old kitchen um you know what you know how big is big you know is it 10 feet 20 feet well the kitchen i had in mind was around you know 15 20 feet by 15 20 feet that's kind of the house i grew up in oh it's the house you grew up in. So i'm curious when you think about that that big kitchen is 15 or 20 feet like the house you grew up in what's important to you about that well that's easy you know when i was growing up my my mom we had this really big kitchen had a really big family and every holiday you know our all the family would come we'd gather around the dinner table in this big kitchen and we'd be you know sharing the work and making food together and eating together and it was just one of those times where everything was just right. With the world and the kitchen became like the center the hub of our family and everything rotated around it and every and i want to share that with my kids i want to have that feeling and i want to have those big gatherings like i used to oh i get it.

So when you were growing up the kitchen was like you had a big family the kitchen was the center of all the activity everybody get together and they'd cook. And they'd share food and they'd eat together and it was like a time of really strong connection mrs jones i think you're gonna have i think you're gonna really really like what i'm about to say to you. Next off the top of my head i can think of at least four homes right. Now that have a massive kitchen exactly like what you're describing.

So that when you decide which one you want you can without a doubt bring all of your family together help make that food share dinner together and have the center of your family life that you had growing up that you can share with those children how soon would you like to go and start checking off some boxes and looking at some houses can we go now right. Now what did i do. But i i for sure echoed them right. Notice how i used my words to link what i was offering to what they wanted off the top of my head i can think of four houses right.

Now that have this massive kitchen that will give you that experience that you would want to have and when you exceed them you're going to be amazed because you're going to realize the opportunity to have that family gathered to get together and make food together and to eat together to commune and have that house be this that kitchen be the center of your family i put them in it using their words now here's what happens the longer you do that the more they will tend to take the. Next step with you that you want them to take by default okay. The secret is don't get creative if they if you have you know one of the problems with sales especially is that we're taught this idea of features and benefits you have a list of all these features and benefits and you just keep throwing them out there hoping something sticks right. No.

This is not features and benefits selling this is a relationship presentation you're creating a relationship with people you're finding out what is the most emotionally desirable thing in their world and you're showing them exactly that don't show them anything else in other words there's especially like people who are like well-trained salespeople and a lot of them do this automatically they don't realize they're doing it consciously one of the problems is if you're trained in that features and benefits approach and you hit one or two things you'll think to myself oh if they love that they'll really love this and what you will see is as you start to veer away from the things they said specifically the lights will go off you'll see them just start to lose interest their pupils will start to constrict they'll start to um maybe maybe even give you unconscious head nods that they're not they're not into it the fastest way to break up a sale to destroy a sale using this method is to talk about anything other than what came out of their mouth period now brings us to the. Next piece you're not really selling when you're doing this you are finding out what they want the way they know they're getting it and making a decision about whether you can fulfill that or not you're evaluating their needs and wants comparing it to what you offer to see if there's a fit if there's a fit keep going if it's not a fit tell them the truth okay. The thing you can just understand about the emotional bonding process the emotional bonding checklist is that they're built out of a person's value system a person's value system is the the milestone the measuring stick by which they decide what's right. True good and desirable in their world the long and short of it is a person cannot go against their deeply held criteria and values without experiencing emotional pain consequently or conversely they can't talk about their their criteria or values without experiencing desire connection and pleasure okay.

Once you understand that you now have the power to link things to people that are not in their best interest i'm going to recommend that you do not do that i'm going to suggest very very strongly that it's never necessary to do that you will be you'll go further faster you'll have people loving you and being tremendously loyal to you if all you do is find out what they want how they know you're getting it deciding if you can fulfill it and. Then fulfilling it in exactly the way that they've explained it to you they will bond to you and create such intense loyalty and by the way i'm using sales in this example it's not just sales it's it's networking it's love affairs um children team building sports if you can conceive of it you can use this process to facilitate massive motivation inspiration drive and desire when you were doing your emotional checklist did you feel inspired did you feel motivated did you have a desire grow within you type what you experienced when you felt that desire to get this and get the you get those things what did you notice you felt grateful right. That's what you now have the power to do because once you understand how to hit the persuasion bullseye you can do this with anyone anytime anywhere and bond whatever you want them to do to whatever they want and as long as you keep them bonded to it they will do it for their own selfish reasons and they will feel grateful to you for doing it you understand the difference we're not pressuring people we're not deceiving people we're just in a simple clear easy to understand way that makes them feel tremendously validated or finding out what they want finding out how they know they're getting it and giving it to them is that fair is that a win-win what do you think in the chat guys always right. Cool all right.

So here's my question for you now what do you want to learn about. Next what do you want to learn about. Next i told you this would be your webinar did i not what do you want to learn about. Next defense strengthening body language okay.

Well this will be a this will be a mixture. So many things right. What are the options well i usually offer three options okay. I usually can talk about the resistance removal formula i can talk about three magic questions protocol or um what or or i'll i'll put a.

Third one in there what do you guys want to know about if that i haven't mentioned how to flirt face reading resistance removal is fun 3mq i see it interview crusher okay. How to generate more pleasure states 3m cube okay. I think 3mq and resistance removal are kind of neck and neck here okay. All right.

So for those of you interested in um in the interview crusher the criterion value stuff that i just did was the interview crusher now let me explain you how you apply this in an interview okay. Remember that every time you go let me pull up my chair remember that every time you go in for an interview you're usually not the only one that's interviewing for that particular job right. So the question becomes how do you separate yourself from the pack well there's a certain point in the interview right. You've done an introduction they've gone through your resume they've gone through your work history the uh the pers the interviewer has defined the job description what their you know what the job requires things of that nature and every interview there is one point right.

Before the conclusion of the interview the interviewer is going to look. At you and they're going to say. So john before we could terminate the interview today do you have any questions for me that i can answer for you that is your opening you set the context you ask the three questions mr employer just just. So i understand you better you know jobs are kind of like a relationship you know a corporation and an employee employee relationship it's important it's important that there be a proper fit and i want to make sure that as i'm working for you that i am giving you exactly what you need from the person the ideal person for this job.

So i'm wondering if i could ask you a question when you think about the perfect person for this job what's important to you about the perfect person for this job what attributes or qualities do they absolutely have to have that you can have absolute faith and confidence in their ability to do the work the way you want to do it what i'm curious what's what might that be they're going to give you a list of things you know what you're going to do you're going to listen you're going to pay attention you're going to validate what they said you're going to echo what they said you're going to ask your. Next question you know what the. Next question is going to be. So i'm curious.

So maybe your employer says well you know i need somebody who's really a problem solver someone who's a self-starter who can go out look. At a situation take charge and and get things handled without me having to look. Over their shoulder micromanaging them all the time and you might say you know what i 100 agree i think jobs like this occupy you know positions like this need somebody who is an expert at solving problems can be a true problem solver can take charge and get things done without having need to have something look. Over the shoulder or micromanage them and just.

So i understand you better because you know micromanaging and self-starting means different things to different people just. So i understand you better how do you know when someone's a self-starter how do you know when they're the kind of troubleshooter that you're looking for and they're going to give you a list of things and. Then depending on what the information is they give you you're either gonna ask how do you know again or you're gonna ask what's important about that what's important about somebody who who knows how to be a self-starter and is a good troubleshooter well i know that the job's gonna get handled i know things are gonna get done right. If there's any flies in the ointment if there's anything that needs fixing it's going to get a handle i'm not going to have to be pulled away from the other jobs that i have because this person needs constant supervision right.

You know what sir 100 agree in all my jobs people have prided me on my ability to take charge to look. At a situation come up with a solution and implement it. So that the people who are above me the people who are guiding me or managing me didn't have to be distracted or taken away from the things that were important their other job duties and as a part of your team you're going to see from x and y and z how my ability to to to trouble to solve those problems and to troubleshoot those problems and be a self-starter will absolutely give you the peace of mind that you need to focus on your i'm gonna make you look. Good i'm gonna make sure that this project runs as smooth as humanly possible because i am a self-starter and you're gonna see that all right.

Thinking about it like that how soon would you like me to get started make sense now the other thing you can do is if there are if you go to your resume now remember we're assuming by now you know when you've reached this point in the conversation that you've already gone through the resume bit the work history stuff once you know a person's criteria and values their emotional bonding checklist for the ideal employee now you go back to your work history you go back to your activities on your curriculum vitae or your resume and you talk about how the things in that cv that directly satisfy what they gave you and you use their words to do it and you do it in such a way that it links ongoing relationships when you've reached the point where they're all salivating for you all you got to do is how soon do you want me to get started or what's the. Next step we need to take to move forward sir that's it does that make sense and by the way you can use this exact same process to get jobs you're not qualified for without ever telling a lie okay. Don't believe me how many of you by the way my veterans out there how many of you have used this to get a job i know that at least three or four of you out there have used this to get a job liam says he's used it to get a job is cynthia here okay. All right.

So before we move on. So for the net for my. Next trick uh we're going to talk about the resistance john uses it to leave a talk what is the female equivalent of sir ma'am madam sounds wrong um you know that's an interesting question we live in a in a time when pronouns are a problem right. And.

So here's what i would do. However they introduce themselves to you that's how you close. So if they enter if they say hey i'm i'm mrs jones or i'm ava or um i'm miss smith or miss johnson that's what you close with here's the secret whatever comes out of their mouth is what you use right. That's the secret if it comes out of their mouth it's sacred nancy says how do you get someone to stop bullying you start by echoing them because if you start echoing them they will start to like you and it's harder to beat up somebody you like see one of the things about bullies and kind of it's kind of counter-intuitive is that a lot of bullies resort to bullying because they want to be liked or respected and they think that by doing that they're showing they're strong and they're tough and that they're someone to look.

Up to when you actually give them the feelings of actually being liked they don't want to screw that up. But don't believe me test it out and see what happens right. It'll be harder for somebody to pick on you if you actually echo their words back okay. Okay.

Perfect all right. So um for our. Next piece we're going to talk about resistance removal and this is a protocol that is really really useful you can actually use this in the interview crusher technique as well. Then it says not if they say you're a useless freak can't see how that would help well you might say how specifically am i useless freak right.

Again again it's about using the words not necessarily agreeing with the sentiment right. You know it's not that i'm a useless freak it's just that you think i'm freaking useless let me show you how that's wrong right. Different ways you can do things right. But you're going to go farther faster echoing their words than you're ever going to be all right.

I'll tell you really all right. For penny's sake i'm going to give you i'm going to tell you another story all right. This was a story that i was. First i.

First heard from kenrick cleveland back in the day there once upon a time kenrick was working in a gym and back in the back in the 90 i guess the 80s or 90s i forget exactly what it was you had these membership cards you had to slide your membership card right. And um one day he's working the front desk and out of the men's room comes this super reuted out bodybuilder he comes in he's raging he walks up to kenrick at the front of the the front of the uh the death he goes god damn it there is no. Toilet paper in the men's room and kendrick's like ugh what do i do and his training came in his nlp training came up and he looked at him and he said god damn it there is no. Toilet paper in the men's room you are a paying customer you're a championship bodybuilder you're here as a role model for everybody you deserve to have toilet paper in the men's room this is unforgivable this is unacceptable the bodybuilder goes home man calm down and from that moment on they were friends several weeks.

Later camricks work in the front door another bodybuilder comes in kenrick asks him for his membership card guy doesn't have it cameron doesn't want to let him in guy starts getting mad gets. So mad in fact he reaches across the desk grabs kenrick by the throat and a. Second after he reached across after this guy reached across to grab counting by the throat another hand comes out of nowhere grabs him by the throat and it's the big guy that from her from the previous scene he goes that's my friend you leave him alone he goes oh man i'm sorry i didn't know okay. That's the power of echo and report it's counter-intuitive you don't get mad at the person you get mad at the same thing they're angry at and you do it more yeah we have an auto focus function on the software i used to run my camera.

So right. That that was not my story i heard it from one of my by proxy mentors at the time uh. But it's a. But i've used variations of that behavior um in interactions to completely dissolve and diffuse um people who are angry one thing you gotta remember when people are angry one of the things that they didn't know one of the things that they're looking for that they didn't know they were looking for is an ally a friend you know someone to take to walk beside them when you verbally echo them you're signaling sameness you're singling i'm on your side i believe what you believe and people want to give that up.

But you've got to have emotional control and understand vectors and what i call emotional vectors what i mean is what are they angry about what are they sad about what are they happy about you get happy about those things too you get sad about those things too and. Then you do it more and. Then what happens is what started as two people doing this all of a sudden you're doing this and before you know it you're doing this and you're together and. Then you can lead them wherever you want to go from within that interaction is there something to say or do to get someone to tell you lots of things you can do um a lot of it is context depend i have whole courses on lie detection and getting the truth and things like that great book.

By the way for those of you who want to get the not just detect lies. But actually get people to tell you the truth there's a book. Called get the truth by a guy named jack shaffer jack schaefer is a former uh retired fbi agent uh counter espionage that kind of stuff and. So um he's got some really good ways to create deep connections with people and get them to want to tell you the truth right.

Um we have courses we teach you about that stuff in killer influence uh defense against the dark arts we have a. Second killer influence class called defense against the dark arts we cover all that stuff on how to deal with social predators and things like that uh antonio how do you get someone to respond that ignores you echo them guys believe me i gave you the nuclear-powered thing. First jack shafer orlando the um the book. Is called get the truth by jack shafer echo technique gives you.

So much power. So much bang for your buck it can open. So many doors that would be closed any other way it's ridiculous it shouldn't be this powerful. But it is could resistance will be used when someone is mad or upset yes.

But only because you have. But you have to have rapport. First can resistance will be used for seduction yes. Echo technique really works especially when someone is upset yes.

Absolutely 100 what six patterns is the echo technique combined a primary strategy lead modality primary modality criterion values convince your strategy and meta programs for those of you who are neuro-linguistic nerds that should give you a little bit of wood right. All right. So let's review really quick what we've got here uh before we go on to the. Next piece let's go ahead and review what this amazingly cool offer is and everything i'm teaching you by the way is in these core is in this program the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion mastery program right.

Uh. So what you're gonna get secrets of human influence home study course right. At two thousand four hundred and seventy nine dollars you're gonna get weapons of mass instructions neuro uh scientific storytelling secrets and ninety seven 1997. you're gonna get uh renegade reframing and objection obliteration conversational belief change one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give back to you absolutely free you're gonna get charisma conversion one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value absolutely free and of course the younger people are mastermind mentoring super pac 1 597 absolutely free we're also going to include the stealth instant conversation mrs crash course for 9.97 and of course the killer influence vip super ticket gets you a free pass to our four day live certification intensive in orlando florida um keep in mind that when i log off the webinar the fast action bonuses go away. So you can still get you still have until 11 59 p.m tonight to get uh secrets of human influence weapons of mass destruction objection obliteration charisma conversion.

But the rest of these videos including that vip super ticket when i log off the webinar they're off the table. So if you if you are on the fence remember everything comes with a 60 day money back guarantee if you're not satisfied um just give us a call and we'll we'll do what we can to make things right. Just be cool about it don't like cash in your super ticket. Then ask for a refund that would be uncool right.

So. But you know most people are not that way okay. Um nathan says cpi 3 is mind blowing just use model of the world to close a sale boom see right. So you guys ready for the uh the resistance removal protocol is that where you guys want to go.

Next okay. All right. So ironically the resistance movement protocol is something that i adapted is something i adapted from a book. Called instant influence by michael pantalon and i recommend you get that book.

Um i've actually used this protocol on i've actually used it to actually talk people out of being in pain. So lest you think you can only use it for motivation no. You can actually use this to activate the pain control centers in a person's brain and make their opinion in fact if you want to see that in action there's a short video called instant conversational pain relief you'll actually see me use this protocol to get somebody to be in pain right. So the primary thing that you want to do the most important thing that you have to do believe it or not when you're using resistance removal protocol is you have to give the person permission to disagree with you to not want to do the thing that they just said they didn't want to do and the reason for that is is you have to restore a person's sense of autonomy their their freedom of choice without being judged if you don't do that satisfactorily at the beginning they will paint everything you say as manipulation they will not see you as an ally.

So you have to absolutely make sure that they know that you're on their side. So i'll give you an example from uh the change works system that let's say you have somebody that's coming in to to quit smoking now i don't get a lot of that in my business i get a lot of pain control chronic illness terminal illness things of that nature that's what i deal with almost exclusively clinically although i get social anxiety dating and seduction and all that other stuff. But really when people come to me they're coming to me because the doctor said you got. So long to live if you don't fix this it's going away right.

Or you're going away or it's just going to get worse and. So i deal with a lot of chronic pain a lot of terminal illness a lot of chronic illness. So one of the. First things that has to happen when somebody comes into you for something like smoke cessation nine times out of ten when they walk in your door they're not there because they want to be there they're there because somebody in their family somebody they're close to wants them to be there they want to please that other person.

So they're they're not they're already feeling beat up right. And. So the. First thing that has to happen is you have to flip the script on that you have to get them to a place where they realize that if they don't want to change they don't have to that you'll support them in that and.

So one of the things i say to to clients when they come in are prospective clients when they come in and say look. I get that you're here like why do you want to quit smoking and a person might say well you know my wife has just given me about it all the time she says my clothes smell like an ashtray she's it's like kissing an ashtray you know i'm spending way too much money on cigarettes and she just thinks that i i'd live longer and be healthier if i just stop smoking. So i need you to make me stop smoking that's always red flag when they say i need you to make me do something they don't want to be there um and. So i look.

At him and i say oh. So you're here because your wife wants you to be here because you know she says you smell like an ashtray it's like kissing an ashtray you're spending too much money on cigarettes yeah that's why i'm here i want to tell you something and i mean this with all sincerity i don't care what your wife wants okay. Because um i'm not here for her i'm here for you you're the one that came to see me and i'm your advocate i am your guide i am the person who's going to help you get what you want and. So if you want to quit smoking i'll help you do that.

But if you don't want to quit smoking i'll help you do that too and here's what i mean if you want to come in and just be entranced in the chair for an hour go home and tell your wife how it didn't work i'll help you do that if you don't want to work with me at all i'm okay. With that too right. If you want me to help you enjoy smoking more i'll help you do that because i'm here for you not your wife not your mom not your kids not your your siblings you what is it you want well i'm not sure let me ask you a question if you were to decide to quit smoking to choose to quit smoking for your own reasons not your wife's not your kids not your moms your reasons why might you want to quit smoking by the way the most important word in that sentence is might why might you want to quit smoking well you know to be honest um it's been getting harder to breathe lately and i could really you know my wife wants me to go hiking and do all these things and my kids want me to play with them i'm feeling i'm starting to feel my age and i think the smoke you know the smoking could you know be impacting that oh. So you're having a little trouble breathing you want to go out your wife wants you to go hiking and you're starting to feel your age a little bit and your kids want you to play with them okay.

We can work with that. So i'm curious just. So i understand you better on a scale of zero to ten how much might you want to play with your kids how much might you want to go uh go hiking with your wife how much might you want to stop feeling the effects enough age oh man seven or eight at least wow seven or eight huh. So i'm curious just.

So i understand you better why did you rate that. So high why. So much why didn't you rate it less what why didn't you rate it less well because because i want to live i want to i want to enjoy my life i want my kids to be able to spend i want to spend time with my kids i want my wife to you know i want to reconnect with my wife and we haven't been able to because you know she wants to hike and i i have trouble. So what's the.

Next step we need to take if any for you to reconnect with your wife and get you to spend more time with your kids well i i guess we need to to get me off the cigarettes how soon do you want to get started whatever they say after that you do and that's the whole problem that's the whole process. So you restore personal autonomy you ask them why they might want to quit why might they want to quit the minute they give you an answer guess what you do master echo sequence you pay attention you validate you echo you ask the. Next question what's the. Next question.

So i'm curious just. So i understand you better on a scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that and here's the thing it does not matter what number they give you it does not matter what number they give you the moment they give you the number the. Next thing you say is oh wow seven or eight why. So much why didn't you rate that less and they're gonna go what because they're expecting you to come at them with why didn't you rate that more why don't you want that more.

But that's not what you ask you ask why didn't you rate it less why do you want this. So much and they're going to give you a reason why they want it. So much the moment they give you the reason why they want it. So much they are now ready to take an action the way you move them into the.

Next phase you can say one of two things or both i'm curious what step do we need to take if any to move that forward or you say how soon do you want to get started and they will tell you and whatever they tell you is exactly what you do and they will just go okay. So restore personal autonomy generate their own reason for wanting to do it attack the reason they gave you and what's the. Next step we need to take if any okay. And you can use i've used this on pain i've used this on people who are having trouble getting over a breakup right.

It's powerful uh and if you get the book. Instant influence you'll have a lot more stuff to work with does that make sense. So shall we play a little bit i want you to think let's let's stop let's stop for a moment and understand that we're going to do this as a group exercise just. So you guys can feel it and because i'm a i'm a manipulative sob right.

So think about all the reasons you have for wanting you know to for one to get the secrets of human influence program think of any reasons why you you might still be on the fence right. And understand that i don't want you to get this program for my reasons i don't want you to get it for your wife's reasons or your husband's reasons or whatever reasons other people are forcing you to get it i want you to get it for your reasons right. So if you were to choose to do this and if you don't want to that's perfectly okay. Everything in this program is worth it at full price.

But if you were to want to do this grab this program get that vip ticket for your own reasons play with me okay. Why might you want to do that especially if you haven't already done it do this right. Whatever that reason speak it out loud right. And.

So i'm curious about something as you hear my voice repeating what you just said on a scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that for your reasons not mine for yours how much might you want to do that and. Then when you get that number whatever it is tell me something why do you want it. So much why didn't you rate it less and speak it out loud speak your reason out why didn't you rate it less. So for those reasons what's the.

Next step you need to take to get those things to move that let's move that forward in your way that you feel good about it how soon you want to get started click the link now question quick question for you when i asked you to rate the in the intensity what was your just just for grins and giggles type the number you came up with in the chat eight okay. Eight eight okay. Cool a lot of eights when i said why. So much why didn't you rate it less what happened to the number what happened to your desire did it go up or did it go down more desire it didn't go down absolutely here's the secret the rationale the rationalization went up actually went up yes.

Right. And by the way you knew what i was doing true not true you had you knew exactly what i was doing right. And it still happened now that's an artificial situation who in their right. Mind is going to go up some say i am going to tell you something i want you to resist and you're going to feel good about doing it.

Anyway who the hell is going to do that right. Imagine what you learned at the live event. Anyway here's the here's what's what's going on when your neurology your brain your neocortex creates a rationalization for doing something anytime you attack that rationalization the neurology digs its heels in and pushes back you get reacted psychological reactants what this particular technique does is it activates psychological reactants in the direction of change not in the direction of refusing a repelling change. So the moment you ask them to generate a reason and.

Then you have them rated and. Then you attack it they put up their walls and push back and when they push back their desire to do it goes up and it shifts them from resisting you to wanting to get what they said they wanted boom it's light of mine right. Now make sure that when you get them to do this that you can actually fulfill the uh fulfill the ask right. Does that make sense all right.

Yep i'm still watching this too all right. So ethereal evictions asked about rapid weight loss techniques um this resistance removal protocol is actually really useful for weight loss programs really really actually good because it can tap into a person's deep emotional needs for uh getting on that program and staying on it jeffrey turnbull says you're a gentle badass well i want to turn you all into general badasses i want you guys to all be epitomes of badassery at the highest level of persuasion abilities i want you to i want you to have the life you want the way that you want it these skills have given me everything everything that i enjoy in this life is a result in some way a byproduct of these skills you know and i want to share that with you i don't want just the the elite persuaders and government officials and media moguls to be the only ones who have this because there's room for everybody to win there's there's lots of ways to protect yourself and get everything you want and make everybody a winner um if you apply them properly right. Now there will always be the dark the darksiders right. The the evil jedi the sith of the persuasion world and you need to know how to protect yourself against those two and that's not another benefit of having these particular programs at your beck and calling at your disposal resistance technique to help someone remove negative thoughts points where you feel it reach out and touch it magic frame simple simple easy to do carlos says i have become the total opposite and i am.

So going to change my life with this boom good for you carla all right. So we're coming into the home stretch for those of you who may join us at the. Last minute just a really quick reminder we're coming up on our. Last call this is our uh secrets of human influence persuasion persuasion mastery home study course it comes with the 24 volume secrets of human influence home study course valued at 2 479 the weapons of mass instruction storytelling and neuroscience of narrative storytelling secrets program one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free it's gonna come with uh renegade reframing the art of objection obliteration uh 1997. yours absolutely free charisma and conversion again hypnotic presentation skills for speakers and presenters 1997 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get three months unlimited access to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and archive it's a 1597 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course 997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and of course if you really really really want to experience pure unmitigated transformation if you want to embody these skills at the deepest possible level grab that killer influence vip super ticket four day certification boot camp live april 27th to the 30th at the rosen plaza hotel in orlando florida it's a two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value you get to go for free total package value if you were trying to buy these things individually on the website would be thirteen thousand three hundred and twenty five dollars you can get it all for one low installment of just 997 or if you need extra help let's definitely know we can break that into three easy installments of just 397. all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go it's 858-282-4663 is the phone number if you need to talk to stephanie in person if you have some of these courses we can swap some out for you as long as the price is equal or lesser value.

So you can customize your program a little bit um jejune cepheum says i'm curious is three magic questions has a long-term effect to a person specifically if you don't talk to them anymore i think that if you've taken the time to do the three magic questions protocol the way that it's supposed to be done not the 20 minute you know wham bam thank you ma'am approach. But have actually taken the time to emotionally connect with another human being uh this person will remember you that's one of the beautiful things about echo technique is that once you've deployed the echo technique or and its variations or its progressions and everything i've taught you in this webinar is a progression of the echo technique you start from echo technique you go into emotional bonding checklist you start from echo technique you go into a resistance removal formula you start from echo technique you go into three magic questions and you can you can weave in and out of all these. But intrinsic to all of those more comprehensive patterns is the echo technique and once you've activated the echo technique they will remember you because remember remember the old saying people will forget what you said people forget what you tell them they will never forget how you made them feel echo technique allows you to give the person the exact feelings they want and need to remember you in the best way possible. So the short answer is it absolutely can remain active for you okay.

Now there's all the kinds of things you can do to amplify that and we teach that at killer influence we teach that in the in the secrets of human influence home study program right. You don't have to come to the live event to get those benefits they're in in all the courses that that are bundled together for you today. So i recommend if you want to if you want to understand how that works how to do that go to www.killerinfluence.com and and click that link click that link click that link get your program because as soon as i log off which is gonna happen in about. Next five to ten minutes it's off the table right.

You lose your your chance at that vip ticket you lose your chance at three months of hands-on training in the mastermind you lose your access to the instant conversational crash course remember everything has a 60-day satisfaction guarantee you risk nothing and you have everything to gain literally everything to gain right. These these techniques i'm telling you they paved my way through undergraduate education on writing scholarships they named me the number one of the top five attraction experts of the year by seductionlair.com and art of approaching they've named they've allowed me to become the number two nlp trainer of the year six years in a row okay. They've allowed me to to just write my ticket everywhere in my relationships in my business life in my marketing world every place they can do the same for you. But they won't help you if you don't gain access to the information and most importantly they won't help you if you don't do them everything i tell my students and i'm going to consider you my students here as well for everything you get from me you're always going to pay twice if you talk to my friend seth he'll tell you three times.

But we'll stay too the. First one is the. First payment is the money it's the tuition that gets you access to the information that's the easiest payment to make because you can always make more and if you get this course you will make more right. I don't know how.

But i know you will because everything will get better it's the. Second payment though that really really really makes the difference and that. Second payment is not money and. Second payment is time energy effort to do the drills to get the skills and apply them in the real world that's what takes you from access to ownership and once you own these skills no.

One can take them from you they will only get stronger and they will serve you faithfully and and consistently every time you choose to use them okay. Well we're close to miramar air force base. So you we've got some stuff in the background right. If you're on the fence take advantage grab the course come to the trainings do the drills get the skills your life will change i promise you okay.

To quote the great force gump that's about all i have to say about that right. So once again just to review really quickly secrets of thousand human influence seventy nine dollars uh value weapons of mass instruction one ninety nine one nine nine seven i'm gonna give that to you absolutely free the objection obliteration one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollars absolutely free chrisman conversion 1997 value you get it free the nlp power mastermind mentoring program 1597 value you're going to get it free stealth instant conversation hypnosis course 997 you're gonna get free and of course the all super powerful killer influence vip super ticket for that four day live certification boot camp in orlando florida two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value yours free total price if you were to try to buy these things individually it'd be 13 325. you get it all for one low installment at 9.97 or you can break that up into three easy payments of 397. all you got to do is go to www.killerinfo forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go one. Last time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go in the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long if you have questions post them in the comment section when the replay of this video goes live i will review those questions i'll do my best to answer them to you please click that link before the go all the good stuff goes away i love you all you're the reason i do what i do i will see you on the other side good night.
