Title: 9459SXIQqSQ.txt
Video Id: 9459SXIQqSQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9459SXIQqSQ

Hmm all right. Real quick before we get into the actual technique because we're actually closing in on we're going to do this technique before. But. I want to.

I want to just hone in a little bit on the energetic side of this even though for all intents and purposes everything you've been doing is energetic already you've just been focusing on one aspect or one facet of the hologram which is the the construct okay. Human body this is you know now we're standing normal is just a series of interlocking. Tauruses the primary tourist the the grid that we just talked about the forward hemisphere the back hemisphere is part of a. Taurus an energetic field.

I want you to think of it how many people here know what an. XY grid is or an. X okay. We most of us know what that is.

But when you want to map coordinates in three-dimensional space you need a different kind of graph or different kind of. Grid it's called an. XYZ grid. So what you want to do when you think about this is you want to impose x y z grid on the body or around the body and consider that like little cubicles little cubby holes filing cabinets that vibrational information is stored in.

But not only is it stored there each spatial location and each subtle variation of a spatial location means something to the neurology it's part of the coding system it is an information storage and retrieval mechanism that's why when people talk about their stuff impose the. Grid on me for a moment instead of a shot instead of an aura impose this holographic three-dimensional grid if you've ever seen. Minority. Report or.

Marvel's. Agents of. Shield or inside that big virtual ass computer moving around and remember what it's like when people your clients talk about their problems have this block and. I don't know what it is.

I don't know how to get past what do you think about this let me think yeah foreign what did. I just do if you if you've done the visualization what happened to my hands. I showed you exactly where. I stored that information that's where my like it will be consistent when you came my body language.

Workshop when you came to my lie detection. Workshop. I talked about consistency go watch television people talk about their problems sometimes. I actually have it on video actually.

I was at. Baylor's training the other day this guy talked about his problem like three times in a row. Anyway his hand went to the same place every single time boom like a triphammer your clients are going to do this all the time they're going to show you right. Away somatically where in their grid that information is located and accessed all you got to do is connect them to it now you've got a whole set of neurologic new neurological.

Pathways and more leverage over it you've accelerated neurological absorption you've activated more cortexes and areas of the brain the more they interact with it the longer they interact with the more real it becomes somatically until there is no. Distinction between this and the. Hologram as far as the neurology is concerned at every level the longer you keep them interacting the deeper they go and all of this has an energetic consequence all of it okay. Now within this.

Taurus our interests are smaller or subtler version. Southern. Subler vibratory fields the most primary of which that we're going to deal with right. Now and understand how it relates is the human heart now you hear me reference all the time heart mouth the research that heart math has done into the energetics and the the internal networkings of the.

Neurology of the heart is groundbreaking and and the ramifications of it are off the charts this grid out here this appropriate this this three-dimensional grid we just talked about is analogous to your proprioceptive nervous system it's not your aura it's your nervous system proprioceptive nervous system is the division of your neurology that is mostly pre-conscious if you had a sixth sense or if you believed in. ESP it would be your proprioceptive nervous system doing it only it wouldn't be your. Sixth. Sense it would be your sixth seventh eighth ninth tenth and 11th cents because there are at least six different channels of information that your proprioceptive neurology monitors and processes pre-consciously as well as sometimes consciously ladies you've had an experience of this you've walked into a room someone stares at you from across the room in the back of your neck you get a icky feeling you turn around and someone's looking at you with creeper eyes.

Right. Thank your proprioceptive nervous system it registers attention as pressure it registers attention as pressure okay. It creates a feeling in the body based on the interaction of the vibrational data around you it generates a. Feeling that you're either conscious of or not conscious of.

But it still generates the feeling you understand that and once the feelings generated maybe you'll get a visual maybe you'll get a taste or something like that. But there will always be a feeling whether you can actually calibrate it or not your awareness can find it or not that's training and removing the filters. But there will always be a feeling. So the six give or take channels that we're talking about at the.

Heart by the way the heart sends more information to the brain than the brain sends to the heart it has its own internal nervous system the concept of heart has changed dramatically over the centuries which is also one of the reasons why we are now just rediscovering the power of this organ and its energetic correlates. But it's there and we can do it through. Neuroscience we don't have to talk about metaphysics if we don't want to we can. But we can prove this and we can test it right.

Hello um the heart itself radiates an electromagnetic field eight feet in diameter that is measurable with instruments from the human body it is the brain yep it is the single largest rhythmic source in your body you guys have all seen my metronome video right. If you haven't we'll show it to you tomorrow or day after 41 distinct metronomes sitting on a table all moving at different speeds within four minutes they all synchronize the law of physics says. So called entrainment every rhythmic. Source seeks to entrain with other rhythmic sources dominant vibrations control subordinate vibrations there are 51 metronomes in this room right.

Now each radiating and electromagnetic field eight feet in diameter that's why when. I put myself in trance you go to because somebody's got to lead that show in most cases it better be you that's right. But each and every one of you each and every level of your neurology is seeking to connect with every other level of your neurology and by extension every other. Neurology in the room neuroplasticity in physics are working all the time and once you become aware of it once you could tap into that level the ability to just walk through the world trancing out anyone you want putting in any kind of.

Trance you want any time you want it's like flipping a switch. But you have to train and you're already hardwired for it you've been doing it all your life you just didn't know it people been doing it to you all your life you just didn't know it this is how it works strongest single rhythmic source of your body's strongest electromagnetic field sends more information to the brain than the brain sends to the heart. But. Then there's five other channels to your proprioceptive nervous system by the way your unconscious mind your proprioception perceives electromagnetic phenomena as solid objects your proprioceptive nervous system which is a division of your unconscious mind perceives electromagnetic phenomena as solid objects yes.

EMF or proprioceptive proprioceptive you want me to spell it good luck. Pro prior receptive most of your proprioception is pre-conscious the short term uh the short the short definition of proprioception is time and space it monitors the spatial relationships in and outside of your body when you get pulled over for drinking too much here in. Vegas and have you stand on one foot and touch your nose with your eyes. Closed they're measuring the awareness and your stability of your proprioceptive nervous system when you reach into your pocket you find something unusual in there that you didn't expect and you start to feel it you say oh.

I know what that is the part of you that tells you what that is is your proprioceptive nervous system proprioceptive nervous system also measures noticeusception mechanoreception kinesthesia and enteroception in. English mechanoreception what my body's doing how my body's moving okay. Notiception internal. Sensations enteroception the movements within my body notice exception is actually pain technically okay.

It will monitors pain comes around the body right. Kinesthesia is movement movement in space in relation to other objects. I'm not actually 100 sure about the kinesthesia part. But everything else.

I know is solid and that's good enough um electromagnetic fields notiception mechanoreception and. Terra reception and kinesthesia right. Five plus or one is one channels of information that is flooding your neurology being processed by your other than conscious mind minutes many times before it ever reaches conscious awareness if it reaches. Consciousness at all it's monitoring what's going on in your grid all the time we need to access it we need to create an interface that allows us to contact and interact with all those different levels the grid process.

I'm giving you is that interface once you understand active over proximity equals volume size equals intensity and volume now you can modulate it like a rheostat how do you track it the feelings in your body you can move things for different locations notice how the experience of them changes and decide consciously where you want it to be you have a choice yes. Yes. This is one of those times where it's not unconscious it's not just unconscious which is the cool part because now you're engaging your critical faculty within an unconscious construct which is what we're supposed to be doing all that's how that's oh that was the plan to create these constructs that we could go in explore our internal environment at a metaphorical holographic level and tell the neurology what to do with it we do this all the time. Anyway by the way you guys have a cell phone.

I've noticing you you can't see something go oh. I can see it now who had it. First you did reached out and touched the picture made it bigger oh your technology mirrors your psychology that's why we call it intuitive human beings are funny creatures. But this is how this is the air this is the model we're working in now if it doesn't mesh with what you've been taught don't use it if what you got.

Works faster better for you do it. But this is the model we employ and it makes a lot of make sense it connects a lot of dots right. So what do we do with it well we go back to our old friend feelings right. There's two kinds of feelings we have in our life feelings we want more of feelings we want a whole lot less of that be true all right.

So what we're going to do now we can do this several ways we can do this without an induction or with an induction because of the time constraints we're going to do it without one. But are we really. So here's how it works you decide that you have something that you need to get rid of. First thing you're going to ask is what standard operating procedure where is it point to where you feel it.

Then what no. You're not going to spin that yet yeah. I know you just went it let's just spin it we can do all these techniques or spin it. I literally had students come up to say you know.

I went to all these classes and they said we could do all these things let's spin it right. Because spinning spinning beats tapping and 10 out of 10 trials and it beats just about everything else. But there are tweaks to it if you want to make it broad right. So when we have something we want to change the.

First thing. I want to do point to where you feel it connect to the grid somatic. Bridge now what we want to do is we want to actually amplify and warm up the neurology. So many times what.

I'll do is. I want you to make sure well actually. I'll tell you what. I'll do the point where you feel it reach out and touch it.

So now. I've got right. Left hemisphere and right. Hemisphere interacting and if you want to get the nuts and bolts.

But you don't really need to worry about that just do what. I do now reach out with both of your hands trace the edges of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is and. Then what.

I'll do is. I'll have them play with it because. I want us. I want them to experience change.

I want to link them and lock them in through that somatic. Bridge. I'll say if it's something if it's a pleasurable thing many times what. I'll do is.

I'll do the inverse of what they want if it's a pain. I'll make it worse. I'll make the picture bigger notice what happens to the pain and. Then.

I'll put it back which automatically amplifies it in the opposite direction sneaky. I'll explain it. Later right. If it's a pleasure.

I'll make them. I'll decrease it because now they want it back. I don't get resistance for that right. And.

I'll have them move it around and notice how things change and each and every time they move it around the neurology gets more plastic it warms up it gets better it gets better at it like my muscle the more we use it the more it limbers up the more it strengthens right. The reason we have trouble with this sometimes is because we're not using this we're not doing it every single day you want to see somebody who's taken this process to the nth degree and it's scary. Richard bandler. Richard bandler has such control over his sensory acuity that he can hear you whispering in the.

Third row from the stage and answer your question he did it to me thank you and to several other people who. I found out. Later. But he spent.

So much time in the world of his sub modalities and working with his neurology that he has ridiculous control over the attributes of his nervous system you haven't tapped into a tenth of the power latent inside of you because nobody gave you the pathway they didn't give you the mechanism to do it they gave you fragments and said it was the whole system yes. That is. So awesome and how do you do that is it just practice practice it's all transwork yes. Sir can it cause hallucinations well in the in the normally organized person highly unlikely and people whose filters are a little bit more flimsy yes.

We have special places in meds for people who have that problem right. But yes. You can remove those filters. I wouldn't yes.

In the case of like you know that they want to work on a bad experience. I guess in my head. I. I'm here hope you're ready to live well here yeah.

Then you change the question you change if it's a chronic pain you say look. That's where that's the pain and. I get that that's the symptom there's a reason that symptom is there and there's a feeling connected to that reason. Point toward that reason the feeling connected to that reason lives in your body and how over half the time it'll be someplace completely different you spin the reason the pain goes away or it drops.

So significantly that the. Next intervention wipes it out completely okay. Yes. Yes.

Yep. I just had another one. I love. I love people who come in right.

Before their surgery they wait until the. Barn's on fire to start digging the well right. And. I just had another one she just in fact that's why.

Zach had to leave friend rehearst she came in her surgery is on the 30th they were going to go in they were going to cut it out she did her session and she had also been suffering from migraines one session that's it and since the session she hasn't had a single migraine and when she went in for the final test before the operation you know when they test you and they find they don't find what they expect to find and they kept a check can recheck and keep rechecking yeah that's where she is now because they're wondering now if they were wrong. I'm not the only one to have that experience say. Chris yeah right. You've had that experience yeah using these techniques this is what.

I'm saying guys this is different a lot of it looks similar to what you've been taught quite there's something else going on and. I don't know all the answers. I'm still exploring. But thank.

God. I have you and and a very busy. Clinic with clients with all forms of problem from the purely subject whether they're all purely subjective almost okay. But.

I mean from purely emotional to physiological and and. I use all the same techniques the neural at the level that we're interacting with the system the neurology doesn't care it's all data the human nervous system is the world's most powerful holonomic information processing system ever short of the universe itself it is a microcosm of everything that's right. But that's getting a little too metaphysical through us let's get practical practical. I want to prep are [Laughter].

So here's how you do it who has something they want to change scale of 0 to 10 let's do something about a three or five. So. I don't have to do multiple processes no. Not you.

Mr drama queen huh all right. I'll bring other people up it's okay. I usually wind up looking like a faith healer when. I do this all right.

So scale of 0 to 10 rate what you want to change yeah five six five six okay. Okay. So let me ask you a question is it okay. To get rid of this any reason why you might want to keep it okay.

So all. I want you to do now is uh you wanna do this with your eyes. Open or closed close close your eyes. For me pretend to go into the deepest trance ever there you go and he's a twitcher by the way.

So don't be surprised. I want you to notice when you think of that thing you want to change there's the feeling that you want to change and. Then there's the reason that feeling is there and there's a feeling connected to that reason. I want you to point to where in your body the reason for that feeling lives and point to it for me excellent now take your other hand imagine it floating in the space around you is a picture that represents that feeling good trace the edges of it with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is beautiful now grab the edges of it and just to make sure we got the right. One let's make it bigger and tell me what happens to the feeling stronger or weaker didn't shift pull it closer your body tell me what happens no. Change the bit okay. Put it back okay.

Now what. I want you to do is. I want you to take that picture and. I want you to slam it into your body three or four times and tell me what happens pull it back out what do you notice yeah that changed a bit more yeah.

I thought it might now what. I want you to do is. I want you to fit a big black frame around it excellent now you're probably too young to remember when televisions had dials and knobs and switches. But.

I want instead of remote controls in touch because. I should feel on the bottom of that frame and. I want you to notice that there's some dials and knobs and switches and one controls the volume and. One controls the brightness and.

One controls the vertical hold. I want you to find the brightness or the contrast knob. I want you to turn it all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel tell me which one you like better look.

At that one that's right. Turn it all the way there. Now using the index finger of your dominant hand like like a stylus on a tablet. I want you to right.

Across that white out or black down screen everything this experience had to teach you. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go just keep writing the screen will scroll. So you can write as much or as little as you want now you may notice as you write this out over and over again that feelings and emotions come up your body may have interesting. Sensations that's just the sign of the neurology resetting itself some people you don't even need to know what you're writing some people write with both hands simultaneously some people write from the left to right.

And right. To left looks like writing. Chinese and. Hebrew at the same time it doesn't matter some people make curacuses squiggles it doesn't matter if it comes up just put it on that screen and just keep expressing that's right.

Keep going just keep going until you know it's done got it not sure. I keep going take all the time you need and again you let them write the screen will scroll. So you can write as much as you need to and. I've had people write for 20 minutes my wife she she writes for 45 minutes and.

I let her because when it's done it's done. I. Arno. Can continue to process and he's going to get this too.

But you have to understand something the human system is designed to move energy through it it's designed for expression and any channel that allows expression to occur is inherently therapeutic even if it what comes out on the conscious level seems like gobbledygook. And nonsense. I understand how many times you'll see them when they go through these processes they'll start to cry and they'll start to. Twitch and it doesn't matter just keep going.

I'm not saying he's going to do that. But that's all right. That happens too clearing the throat coughing yawning trust me you're going to get all kinds of weird bodily functions happening just keep going. I know you're doing great if it comes up put it on the screen you can do that too.

I've had people do that all the time. I get some really cool variations on this. But just keep going that's it this is where patients and just staying with the process come in right. This is why.

I charge by the hour because. Then. I know that. I can afford to stay with my clients right.

There you go to come out put it on that screen as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it it's all dissolved and resolved from the body it's all dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right. Reasons foreign getting excellent reach up grab that frame shrink it down to the size of the postage stamp make it even smaller pull it up over the top of your head back behind the. Horizon until it that's right. You know the sound a nail gun makes you feel bad there completely impossible to come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity try to bring it back and notice what happens instead well you notice better better.

I mean. I. I think. I chose something too big yes.

But you put your ass up here. So. I'm going to keep you here because. I don't quit scale of zero to ten rate the remaining.

So it moved to a difference yeah you'll see that a lot what happens remember those container units we talked about your body sorts and just like a hard drive your body sorts and organizes these things. But what they have in common. So many times if a feeling is here you clear it it'll move it's a different it's a different part of the. Gestalt that makes sense now in holographic.

Advanced holographic process we have level two interventions that batch remove all of that we're teaching this particular process as a single episode intervention okay. He's a slow processor in case you haven't noticed it's deeply kinesthetic right. So when you're ready just open your eyes. Notice how different you feel [Laughter] what are you laughing about give him a big round of applause thank you.

Muhammad you have something [Music] gout actually gout would probably the spinning would probably be a better how long have you had it 2005. we. First discovered it and how often does it bother you two or three years okay. Come on up come on up foreign. So since 2005 you had this correct close your eyes.

For me take a deep breath in ah let that breath outward aside deeper and deeper. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take in. Every. Beat of your heart.

I just want you to pretend to go into the deepest trance humanly possible your feet will remain strong beneath you as you relax and let go letting those wonderful feelings come flooding back and there's a feeling you have a. Muhammad a feeling you don't like a feeling that has everything to do with why you're here today there's two levels to that feeling there's the actual symptoms of the feeling the feeling that we call pain and. Then there's the reason that that feeling is there and there's a feeling connected to that reason what. I'd like you to do.

Muhammad when you're ready and only when you're ready. I'd like you to point the place in your body where the reason connect to the feeling connected to the reason for having this issue in the. First place lives go with your. First impression.

I want you to notice that there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression impression it's like a block that's right. It's like black now while you're touching that spot. I want you to imagine it floating in the space around you is a picture that represents that feeling.

I want you to reach out with your other hand and touch it for me. First impression that's perfect yeah that's fine now take both of your hands trace the outline of it. So you know how big it is you can use both hands that's right. Yeah it's big isn't it.

First thing. I want you to do is. I want you to yeah. I want you to grab that sucker with both of your hands push it a little further away for you notice what happens to the feeling what do you notice kind of hard to find as you push it further away excellent bring it closer of your body tell me what happens now keep this size the same you're shrinking it as you pull it closer they do that sometimes what do you notice.

I'm more aware of it. But excellent perfect. I want you to push it further back to where it was originally and now all. I want you to do is instead of pushing it away or putting it closer to your body.

I want you to make it bigger and tell me what happens to the feeling yeah put it back it's okay. Yeah pretty weird huh now here's what. I'd like you to do. Muhammad.

I'd like you to put a big black frame around me just a big biggest blackest frame you can come up with. I want us there just nod your head and let me know perfect now what. I want you to do now like. I was telling.

I know before you're probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote. But. I want you to feel on the bottom of that frame and. I want you to notice that there's some dials and knobs and switches and one controls the brightness and.

One controls the volume and. One controls the contrast. One controls the vertical hold. I want you to play with either the contrast knob or the brightness knob.

I want you to turn it all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely and notice how that makes you feel. Then turn it all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely and notice how that makes you feel and tell me which one you like better. Then you want to go to the dark that's fine perfect white turn it all the way to the white.

Now using the index finger of your dominant hand like a stylus on a tablet now there were some lessons some reasons that you have that this experience gave you some lessons that you learned from it. I want you to write those lessons in glowing golden letters using your index finger of your dominant hand write them right. Across that screen. So you can keep the lessons.

But let the rest go and all. I want you to do is just keep writing until it's all on that screen you can take as long as you need to you can even write with both hands simultaneously you don't even need to know what you're writing sometimes the hands just start moving automatically and that's okay. Because there's a part of you that always knows you may notice as you continue to write that process that feelings and emotions come up just let them as they come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them that's right. As you reveal them you heal them it's all dissolved and resolved from the body you're doing great it's all dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right.

Reasons and just keep writing till you know you've got it all if it comes up put it on that screen you're doing fantastic just keep going. I'm right. Here brother that's it keep going just get it on that screen that comes up the unconscious mind wants it in that screen you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it let it out no. Tough little soldiers allowed here.

I thought yeah take your time you see you got to let them write some people who are deeply kinesthetic processors are right. Novels and that's okay. Because that's what they need this is how it works okay. That's it keep running they're both just let it flow bro you got it right.

Here it's okay. Do what you gotta do foreign down to the size of a postage stamp. But only when you know it's all on that screen physically. Reach.

Out grab it and shrink it down take your time. But be thorough floated up over the top of your head until it disappears completely now you know the sound a nail gun makes when it fastens something into place if you look. Fast and back there for all eternity and possible the hammer going until you know it's back there possible and when you know you've got it. Mohammed tried to bring it back and notice what happens instead let's get a little zero to ten rate the remaining feelings it's like every time.

I move my foot it's like less and less it's just it's still fading away it just. Fades away yeah it doesn't fade away this quick yeah just let it provide your process you're still processing okay. The neurology is always playing catch-up. So you've got to let the process complete you can't rush anything you see how he was writing that's how he that's the speed at which he processes right.

It's not the process complete notice it happening when you know it's done try to bring it back and notice what happens instead oh. I mean it was done allow your eyes. To open notice how different you feel welcome back young man hey how you feel good good job just want to test my don't you yeah yeah that's all right. That's why.

I'm here yes. Sir on the white it out or blacked out screen you always give them the choice now some people don't even like white or black. I've had people say. I don't want white or black.

I want a different color okay. The feeling the the scene if you want to think about is like the the movie of the event right. Of the event that caused the problem whatever it may be the best part is. I don't have to know anything about what he was doing it was his privacy and his and his his self-esteem are all completely completely protected by this the secret the process is very simple point to where you feel it touch the picture if you need to play with the location and the size to warm up the neurology to make it more pliable you don't need to do that.

I just did it to give you guys some an idea of how this actually works okay. Point to where you feel it in the body find the image somatically. Bridget trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is one of the two big volume controls to the neurology size and proximity and you'll notice anything that bothers people is never small when you do this enough you're going to realize the minute they walk in with chronic anxiety chronic fear the pictures are going to be this big and they're going to be this close yeah is that a a conscious knowledgeable you know.

I know yes. And no. What's going on there is the critical faculty and the unconscious are interfacing because you made a request. But what happens in that process the secret to this is understanding the.

Dynamics of an unconscious response always answers. First always answers honestly it's never linear always feels like you're making it up whatever comes into your mom into your mind or your body at that point write it on the screen you may not even be writing in anything remotely resembling the alphabet you're aware of it doesn't matter as long as that hand is moving they're fit their healing and you just let them go yep yep they'll know when they're done they'll know when they're done all right. Sorry yeah yes. Sir nope.

I wanted to make sure he was absorbed in the process. So. I transitioned into a different cortical response that's the somatic search engine process if you ask for the information the neurology will provide it the more information you ask for the more absorption you create. Then you press it out no.

Okay. Let's look. At the actual process and. I'll show you the things.

I did in addition keep your simple okay. It always starts with trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is right. We all clear on that part once you have it now what you want you have a decision to make you can go and play with the neurology you can just go right.

Into the technique at this at your level with the time we have. I would just go right. Into the technique you're going to say that there's a less a set of less. I want you to know put a big black frame around it right.

So we have our feeling this is our body right. This is our image we reach out we touch it we trace the edges of it put a big black frame around it bigger the frame the better and you have them feel along the bottom of that frame and. I always make the joke you know how you're probably too young to remember right. And if you've got somebody's in their 40s and 50s that's they laugh right.

Somebody in their 20s and 30s they still laugh. But they're kind of like yeah right. I know that question the point is you make them laugh right. Lightens the load.

But it also gets them more absorbed in the process. I want you to feel along the bottom of that you know you're probably 200 members of a television test had an old school television set old style. Dobbs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls pace is their reality it has a volume knob and a contrast knob and a vertical hold knob and uh if. I say contrast ethic brightness right.

Right. And. I want you to find the brightness knob or the contrast knob and. I want you to turn it all the way to the right.

Until the image wipes out completely and notice how that makes you feel turned all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel which one do you like better does it matter which one they pick no. Now there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you using the index finger of your dominant hand like a stylus on a tablet write those lessons across the screen. So you can keep the lessons. But let the rest go or and let the rest go depending on how neuro-linguistically funky you are and just keep writing and.

Then. I usually go into a little. Soliloquy where. I talk about some people write with their right.

Hand some people write their left hand some people write with both hands simultaneously whatever comes up just get it on that screen you get the idea give them permission to express their self any way they want to as long as it goes through that hand and onto that screen you just keep having them go until they know it's done yeah um the more fully well he's already in hypnosis right. But with a formal induction where we've passed through the gates of some nebulism formally uh there's less critical factor involved and there's less self-consciousness involved. I mean it's the hardest place to do this is right. There with all you guys watching especially if it's something personal right.

But. I don't shy away from any challenge because that's how. I get better at my job and. I would have kept.

I would have kept both of them up there for six hours if. I needed to and he knew that he knew that right. I would have stayed with. Muhammad as long as he needed and.

I would have supported him and held that space for him until he was done because that's your job that's your job right. Yes. When someone is in that level of process there is no. Time constraint foreign.

I stay with them until they're done and if the patient's waiting don't like it tough because they would want the same kind of attention from me wouldn't you and that's why. I call this a special kind of stupid special kind of stupid you gotta be all right. You guys keep interrupting me with questions we never get through the full process we let people know ahead of time that there's a possibility that this session may run over and we give them the option of coming back or waiting. But we charge by the hour.

So we don't lose either way all right. In terms from the business that's we have to do that for our business model now some people don't operate that way you play a flat rate and. Then if your session goes 12 hours you lose. I'm sorry.

I don't do that. I've been in session with people ladies and gentlemen six and a half hours to get them over shape okay. You think. I had to go to the bathroom.

I didn't have time to go to the bathroom. I have work to do that's what. I do is there a problem. I give them breaks if they if they feel they need to.

But usually when they're in that level with process going to the bathroom is the. Last thing for mine right. Because they're in a process got it to quote. Mark.

Cunningham when the. Hood's up you got to fix the car right. It's a male metaphor. But it's true and trust me you wouldn't you would want the same level of attention if you were in that chair right.

So again not everybody wants to do that level of work. But that is what. I do. Okay.

So once they've written the lessons out and by the way most interventions are not as long as the demos you saw they're usually a couple of minutes and they're done all right. But it's good that you saw that because you could wind up with that right. And that's okay. They write the lessons out once they know it's done have them reach out with their both of their hands shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller that's the verbiage.

I use have them floated up over the top of their head. So they shrink it down and all the way back as far as they can and. Then. I name a metaphor that inspired that that is associated with fixation or closure.

So you might say you know the sound a nail gun makes and. I'll after a while people get. So into the nail thing they start hammering it themselves. I have one guy.

I. Skype every time he nail he just he just starts nailing back there. I don't have to tell it's like why are you bother to call me you know how to do this yourself. But that's what he does.

I mean he's. So into that process now if he's gotten. So much mileage out of it that it just works for him have him nail it back there nail it back there for all time all eternity whatever you want and when you know when you know it's nailed back there impossible to come back try to bring it back notice what happens instead if they follow the instructions and they're not lying to you they can't bring it back right. You'll get one of three reactions many times especially when spinning they'll try to bring it back and the new feeling if you've installed one will get better they'll try to bring it back and they can't or they'll try you'll tell them to bring it back they'll look.

At you get pissed off and say. I don't want it back either one is acceptable right. But that lets you know it's gone now that's an episodic. Magic.

Frame intervention. Later on as we were integrating more and more of the holographic. Technologies we found a lot more cool ways to use. Magic.

Frame really cool stuff right. We get to it this training great if not we'll probably we'll definitely be covering it in real world in. September. But the process is very simple point to where you feel it touch the picture put a frame around it whiten out or blacken out the image write the lessons across the screen shrink it down move it all the way behind you nail it back there flush it down the toilet tear the sound of a bank vault closing.

D all of the above whatever you want to do right. And when you know it's nailed back there you know it's impossible to come back try to bring it back and notice what happens instead if you learn nothing from me this weekend learn that yes. No. Because we're using we're doing it we're doing the identity by.

Design silo which is a different connection of these processes if. I were doing a meet-up and. I were doing like a pain control intervention or something that is very episodic like in a demo. I could.

I could have done it with him. But. I tried to keep the demo pure. I could have done it with him too.

But he would have been twitching like a cot on a hook. So right. Spin it yeah usually what you do is if if you ever want if you ever have any doubt that there's a lesson connected this is one of the this is again the few times when this when the spin doesn't work completely or you reach an impasse it's because there's a lesson involved there's a rule or a safety issue that the neurology believes if it lets all of it go it might happen again you need to preserve that rule right. Now.

Magic. Frame isn't the best intervention for everything. But it can be used for an awful lot of stuff now that was a physical ailment. But here's the thing you need to understand the latest research from the trauma.

World shows us that 80 of all chronic illness is memory based eighty percent of all chronic illness is memory based not physiologically based okay. Those are not my statistics. I got that from. Brent.

Baum actually in his course on holographic memory resolution if you take his course he's got a whole list of citations and stuff in there. I didn't bring the binder with me. I should bring it. Next time we'll cover it for certain in.

September people want to do that huh no. No. No. Brent is in uh.

Arizona and actually. I think he just bought a place in. New. Mexico.

Brent bound b-a-u-m b-a-u-m balm yes. Right. No. No.

Because what's happening literally what's happening is as they express that lesson the emotional charge connected to the lesson is deflating it's being vented from the system. So that all that's left is the lesson. But it's stored in a place where it's not except it's not going to be constantly in your face which is the problem with intervention some modality interventions that are done out here yeah you may have put it in the space where things were true once. But aren't anymore.

But it's still in front of you which means it can randomly get activated right. You'll hear it in people's language when they say. I need to put. I can't get past this.

I need to put this behind me. I need to get over this it implies a shift from the forward hemisphere to the rear one. However it gets there it doesn't matter it implies that that hemisphere is where it needs to go it needs to be done does that make sense if the files in front it can be opened again really easy. But when it's back there you can go back and look.

For it if you want to. But you never think about it again because it's done lesson learned right. You don't need the constant reminder the warning light on the dashboard which is basically what it is right. To use another car metaphor huh that's it remember anything out here is using up resources just because you're not conscious of it doesn't mean you ain't using it a lot of noise out here when we if we get through the identity by design process and it's a lot right.

It's pretty powerful already right. I will show you all the modifications where you can take that one process turned into a whole control panel you can just reorient reorganize your entire desktop and your entire personality can change from that right. But remember there's an energetic vibrational correlation to this we got to connect the body we have to connect the proprioceptive grid you have to create new neurological connections that allow more influence and absorption in the construct. But it's simple point to where you feel it yeah all the time procrastination is only fear it's only fear.

But the fear manifesting there's procrastination comes in different forms. But it's still some form of fear right. So if you extract the lesson behind the procrastination there's no. Longer any need for it the problem that we have is we hold on to these feelings because it's the neurology's only way to remind us of it's just it's just memory yeah what do you mean by a lesson is that a description of how you feel about it or what we what the what what the lesson was that we learned about why this happened how this happened should it ever happen again um what to do in the future to avoid it all the lessons connected to an experience that we've extrapolated from either consciously or unconsciously more often than not we're unconscious of them.

But we haven't verbalized them and because we haven't verbalized them through our language they haven't solidified the act of writing solidifies and clarifies things that's why writing your goals is. So powerful because in order to write it go down you actually have to put it through another set of filters and those extra set of filters are what actually allow things to manifest okay. You have to externalize everything inside in some way if you want to manifest either the release of it or something more that you want the nervous system the human being is designed to express to pass energy through it. Chinese medicine 101 anytime you have stuck energy you have pain anytime you have pain you have stuck energy which equates to stuff blood which equates to disease cancer primarily rumors right.

But all kinds of other stuff yes. Sir what's the. First thing that comes to your life is there any reason why you might want to keep it is there any reason why you might want to keep it no. I'm asking the client that will be the.

First thing. I tell. I ask them they say they have to have a hard time letting go of something is it okay. To get rid of it and you watch them watch them when you say that because you'll see a momentary look.

Of fear on their face you say it's okay. To see it okay. To get rid and go yeah well if it's okay. To get rid of it.

Then you move to the. Next step of the process which you a lot of times just point to it spin it and move it. But a lot of times if you get that momentary fear response what you're really seeing is it's not okay. To get rid of it they're afraid of losing it lots of times lots of times and.

Then there's other and there's other processes that you use to get them to the point where they're okay. To release it when apply when a client's not willing to let something go it's a safety issue or in many cases there's an excessive emotional charge lock somewhere in the neurology that they can't get past to get to the information that would allow them to let it go es. September 26th through the 30th. San.

Diego there's there's ways to do it okay. Lots of ways to do it and some are more. Cutting. Edge and some are more time tested right.

They've been around. But the bottom line is you've got to get the neurology expressing you've got to get the neurology expressing itself either in trickles or in. Torrance because once. Energy starts flowing and.

I'm going to use. Muhammad again he was he started off very tentative and very slow and. Then all of a sudden boom the floodgates open and you yes. Yes.

Perfect yeah once the neurology realizes hey this is working this helps your unconscious mind doesn't need your permission to do get used to that right. Off the bat once it and that's why a lot of times especially if you do this work on a regular basis you'll get people walking you'll get people walk into your into your clinic and they have a big sign of this as. AB reaction waiting to happen [Laughter] okay. They'll walk in you'll say hi hey and you're like oh here we go you say put your hands out and they'll be they'll you say close relax your eyelid boom they're crying why a because they're a pressure cooker waiting to happen and the reason they say they're there is almost never the real reason the unconscious mind's been driving the bus the whole time and all of a sudden it recognizes that you're someone that can help them.

I said oh yes. Boom here have some and you will get taken by surprise and you'll have to roll with it right. If you're called to that level of stupidity. God chose me for a reason.

I guess. I'm just a stupid idiot or karma's a. I'm not sure which or yes. Sir mark.

I'm sorry what um yes. When they're afraid of it you deal with the fear. First if you if you see somebody who's afraid of really really afraid of a major issue deal with all other issues. First mm-hmm ons well if by the time it's ready to go back there there's no.

Scary monster you've dealt with the scary monster out here right. You've slain the. Dragon for lack of a better word taking his horde put it in your special place right. We're all pretty much hardwired this way there's are there exceptions to every rule of course.

But if you spend your life looking for the exceptions you'll miss the gold which makes your life easy and gives you a road map to follow with all the clients. So here's what. I'd like you to do. I'd like you to take out a piece of paper and.

I know it's past our time. But they haven't come to kick us out yet which may be why they put us in room m in the. First place because they know. David likes to teach and he likes to make people do stuff okay.

Uh. I want you to on a scale of zero to ten think of the thing that bothers you the most assign that a pen on a 10 scale think of the emotional intensity that that issue has cut it in half that becomes your five cut it in half again that becomes your 2.5 and just keep halfing it until you hit as close to a zero as you can and what. I want you to do is. I want you to go through all the things that you'd like to change that are in that category maybe it's fear maybe it's anger maybe it's sadness they all should be within the same emotional category ideally.

But they don't have to be and. I want you to organize them by level of emotional intensity. So let's say we're afraid we're going to deal with fears right. Think of the thing that you're most afraid of what you would like to do right.

Don't you really really want to do. But you're terrified of notice the emotional intensity rate it that becomes your 10. on a 10 scale okay. Take that level cut it in half find something in your memory banks or in your history that you that has that level of emotional intensity in terms of fear and. Then just keep doing that until you hit as close to a zero as you can which is completely doesn't bother you at all and.

Then go through all the things that you're afraid of doing and organize them by level of emotional intensity from 10 all the way down to zero that's called bucket listing okay. When you start doing change work with each other or by yourself this is how you begin the process of self-directed change you never start with the big thing. First. But that's the one that's going to call your attention the most is the one you're going to want to deal with the soonest and it's the one you're least equipped to deal with right.

Away. So you start with the small shape shoot you know you know. I'm trying to think of a really cool metaphor. But.

I can't come up with one at the moment. But when you organize it that way and you start utilizing this technique start with the ones do five or six things at a level one when you're really comfortable zapping ones using your magic frame. Then move to two level twos do five or six of them until you're really good at zapping level twos and. Then move to threes.

So you're really good at zapping level threes and. Then move to. Fours. So you're really good at zapping fours just keep going that way.

So by the time you reach the 10 qualitatively there's no. Difference between a one and a ten your neurology will handle it just as easily just by thinking about your head just by just by doing this process you're already dissociating from it in a way that you can control it you're going meta to it it gives your neurology a way to organize levels of experience. So that you can manage them more effectively when you're doing self-work remember you have to drive the bus and be the passenger at the same time well that's hard for even the best training people to do right. But if you're learning if you're working with a brand new technique that you have no.

History of success with. Bambi versus. Godzilla right. Because you're instinctively going to pick the biggest nastiest most traumatic thing in your life and take this brand new technique that you have no.

History of success with and wonder why it doesn't work that's what we do that's why we all of us who buy self-help books that's what we freaking do we have a problem we buy a book. We find a technique if we're lucky in the book. And. Then we try to do it and hope it works.

But usually the thing we're working on is the thing that bothers us most. So the results we tend to get are marginal at best because we started in the wrong order we didn't do what our neurology does. Anyway we didn't build a resource we didn't build a history of success that your neurology and your unconscious mind can rely on that's what bucket listing does bucket listing allows us to organize our experience by levels of challenge to strategically learn the technique on the low level stuff. First and moving up the scale only as quickly as you're comfortable dealing with it and each and every time you zap something your unconscious mind records a success.

So when you think about using that again it goes to its memory banks everyone's stuff we've done this before yes. What was the result we nailed it let's do that again. Magic. Frame yes.

Sir does that have to be fair no. It doesn't happen if you're. I just use it as an example it could be sadness it could be anxiety is just a sub sort of fear. But think of your five.

Primal emotions or some derivation of that. But keep them all within a family for now. I used to teach it you could do anything you want in any order. But.

Then. I realized it was harder for people to organize right. Somebody was raising their hand over here no. Yes.

No. Yes. So the five primary ones would be fear fear anger sadness um discussed. Joy all right.

Yeah the ones that bother us most tend to be fear anger sadness. So most of your problems will distill down to one of those categories yes. That's how we're waited dude. I didn't make the rules.

I just exploited them. I mean report them yeah. First you understand how to do magic frame okay. You know how to okay.

You point to where you feel it you reach out you touch the picture you trace the edges of it with your hands. So you know how big it is you put a black big black frame around it you feel along the bottom for the dials the knobs and the switches that modulate the brightness of the screen you wipe the screen out or darken the screen out you have the subject choose which one they like better you take the index finger of your dominant hand and like a stylus on a tablet you right. Across the white it out screen all the lessons that that experience had to teach them. So they can keep the lessons and let the rest go if you haven't let me just let them write as much as they need to until it's completely vented shrink the picture down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller float it up over your head back behind the.

Horizon nail it into the past until it's impossible to come back when they know it's impossible to come back have them try to bring it back notice what happens instead scan their body exit yes. You're not throwing them away you're reorganizing them to a new location okay. Some people just want to throw it out and that's okay. And here's why more often than not once the emotional charge is vented they don't care about the lesson anymore the lesson is just not as important.

But we don't have to throw the baby out with the bath water because there are some people who are very safety conscious and they need that they want to be safe and that's okay. We have a process for that okay. So here's what we're going to do if you guys want to go we were officially done at six o'clock if you want to go get the out right. If you want to take a break and come back as long as the room's available or we can hang out in the hallway and do this right.

It's your choice right. I if. I'm if. I'm not at home.

I'm working. So this is where we're going right. Make your list or just if you haven't where are my real worlds where are my certificate certifies if you have big stuff that you want to fix or you want to handle and this is an appropriate technique for that to see these people and they'll guide you through the process okay. Otherwise utilizing the bucket list technique organize your experiences by least challenging to most challenging practice the technique have fun with it because you can do all kinds of positive stuff with it too those are tweaks.

But let's get the basic technique right. Go play 10 minute break come back and if this room is still open and we're not getting yelled at we'll use the room if not you can either go out for dinner and meet. Later or we'll meet in the hall okay. Go.
