Title: NLP-Hypnosis Induction David Snyder Psychological Tips for Mental Health and Healing -
File Name: t0oAdQnXNvA.txt
Video Id: t0oAdQnXNvA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0oAdQnXNvA

I'm gonna miss you guys a song for that in my playlist oh i'll think about what i thought i'll call it something cool i have my entire playlist is amazon music. So i can probably come up with something all right. So it is quarter after five some people are getting ready to take their plane. So i guess it's time for our about to i'm having having memories of the mickey mouse club now it's time to say goodbye to all our company mic see you real soon k y because we like you o-u-s-o-b that was my perverse version all right.

Ladies and gentlemen um seth has been uh remarking on uh something he's noticed in your an anomaly he's noticed in your sheets besides the fact that some of you were filling in blanks for which we had not done the exercises yet which implies perhaps you were drinking heavily you weren't paying attention or you're lying to me only you really know what the truth is because at the end of the day the only one you cheat is here that's your proof that when anybody asks you what your qualifications are you don't need to pull out a certificate that's the work i've done you did see all the yeses that's all the times i got the results that's a lot of yeses isn't it you have a profound history of success with these techniques and nothing anybody says can prove otherwise all right. So that being said please place your feet flat on the floor close your eyes. Turn up make sure your cell phones are nice and off which part of laughing was included in them everything can be misused yes. Take a deep breath in and let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart all i want you to do is relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sound you hear other than the sounds of my voice or simply the sounds of your natural environment our natural environment they're not going to disturb you they're not going to distract you in any way in fact all they're really going to do is signal you remind you reinforce inside your mind body and soul the fact that you're completely safe that no.

Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter how deep inside your mind and body and soul you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions and obey my commands because you realize that everything i say every instruction i give is for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards by your definitions now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. Like we have done.

So many times before i'm going to actually begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids until they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore and when you know that's true give them a little test just to be sure and. Then stop testing allow that level of relaxation to flow from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart just let go in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we've been relaxing your body we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter z or zed with each and every breath you take starting with that. Last letter in your alphabet i want you to begin to relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them if you will to become smaller darker harder to see turn the volume all the way down down down deeper and deeper down down down now i can't do this for you only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're gone and you're as deeply relaxed in your mind as you are in your body all i want you to do is allow your head to nod with honest and unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process excellent now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to use that amazing imagination that i know i know that you have and i'm wondering if you could imagine a place of absolute safety of joy of pleasure of acceptance and love a place that is.

So positive. So nourishing. So nurturing in every conceivable way that no. Negativity of any kind could exist there for even a fraction of a.

Second without being immediately vaporized or turned into its opposite i'm wondering if you could imagine what a place like that might be like because when you do that what might you see in that wonderful place what might you hear what might you smell and what might you taste most importantly when you're in that place when you see what you see and you hear what you hear you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's a feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you're completely in the right. Place and there's a place in your body where that feeling starts where it grows and where it spreads from point to where you feel it that's right. I'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those wonderful feelings i'm wondering what color or colors that might be for you. First impression imagine a beautiful ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you nurturing nourishing you shielding you from all less than positive negative experiences real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you recognize the truth of that test it try to turn it off try to go back to that less than positive way of being and notice what happens instead and. Then breathe those colors through your being once again and as you do allow your inner self to float up out of that physical form carried along that stream of energy into that beautiful magical cloud into that safe place and many of my students feel as they merge back like a drop of water emerging back into the ocean from which it came they feel a reunion a reconnection a revitalization of coming home to who they truly are their potential their power their purpose their joy and everything that comes with it and they tell me as they journey deeper and deeper and deeper into this place they find themselves entering a place beyond time and space a place that in the world according to david we call the womb of eternity and in this place beyond time and space anything you can imagine anything you can intend anything you can physically act out with your body must must must become real and true and made manifest in the external world because all the experts agree that it's your thoughts that control what you create the thoughts you put in your internal world create our external world and in this place you are all powerful you are the god or goddess of your neurology you are the king or queen of your universe and you have absolutely every right.

And privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you desire and have those changes expressed in the external world now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'd like you to imagine you could float up even higher until you can look. Down and see your body in the chair you may even see something familiar a glowing line of time that represents your journey through this three-dimensional universe from the time you entered it to the time you transitioned and if you look. Closely you can see that moment when you chose to register and become part of this amazing group of people to learn these amazing technologies and if you look.

Closely and watch you can actually see the journey you took. To get here you can see yourself coming in on that. First day wondering what's going to happen you can see yourself through day one and day two and day three and four and. Finally five and when you're ready what i'd like you to do i'd like you to do something very interesting i'd like you to take all the knowledge all the skills all the insights and epiphanies that you acquired in our journey together i want you to float back in time to that younger version of yourself as they sit in the chair for the.

First time on that. First morning of that. First day float down into them bringing all of your knowledge and all of your wisdom and all of your skills with you notice how things change and move through that. First day already front loaded primed with this new information these new skills these new abilities already honed and refined and notice what happens as you move through that.

First day and that. Second day and that. Third day and day four and five and when you're ready float up float back and do it all over again float down into day one and two and three bringing with you further insights further understandings deeper learnings day three and day four and day five and. Then do it again over and over and over again not once not twice.

But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each pass through that adventure make those images bigger brighter more intense hone refined perfect amplify magnify over and over and over again until it's impossible to go back to the way it was and. Then it just keeps getting better and better and better still and notice there's a place in your body where those attributes and those learnings and those qualities and those feelings start where they grow and where they spread from point to where you feel it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm wondering what color or colors that might be for you. First impression breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize the truth of the test try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead that's right. You've learned tremendous things in our short time together skills and abilities that will only continue to magnify and grow and evolve yourself and your life to touch millions of people starting with you you are the gift to the world now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'd like you to do something like you'd imagine you could float up out of that view of the past bringing all that knowledge all that wisdom all those skills and abilities with you i'd like you to float back once again to day one only this time there's an instructor you all came to see a teacher whose skills and attributes you wanted to learn you wanted to acquire when you're ready float down into that teacher see the world through his eyes.

Hear the world through his ears smell and taste and feel the world through his mind body and soul alive with transformation be him completely go along for the ride as he teaches and trains taking only the very best of what you want me live five days in that life as that instructor notice what that's like when you know you've got that notice there's a feeling you get a set of qualities and characteristics and attributes and there's a color or series of colors connected to those wonderful feelings curious what those colors might be for you breathe them through your entire being let them fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe you can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you know that's true when you realize it's a fact test it try to turn it off and notice what happens instead fantastic when you're ready imagine you could take all that with you float up out of that physical form move forward in time seven days from today seven days from may 31st 2019 into that view of the future that amazing new fledgling wizard having lived seven full days with these ongoing transformations modulations revelations upgrades and transformations growing stronger every moment of every day inside of you float down into that future version of yourself see the world through those eyes.

Hear the world through those ears smell and taste and feel the world through that mind body and soul alive with transformation empowerment abilities skills live a couple of days in that life notice what that's like that's right. And when you know you've got that notice there's a place in your body where the qualities characteristics traits attributes all the good feelings that come with it are stored where they grow and where they spread from point to where you feel breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you know you've got it test it. Then float up move forward in time 30 more days a full one month and seven days from may 31st 2019 float down into that awesome new version of yourself see the world through those eyes. Hear the world through those ears smell and taste and feel the world through that mind body and soul alive with transformation that's right. Live a couple of weeks in that life describe to yourself what that's like what do you discover yeah just gets better when you know you've got it notice that there's a location in your body where those qualities characteristics attributes skills and wonderful feelings are stored where they grow and where they spread from point to where you feel it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those feelings what color colors might that be for you.

First impression breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up fill you up fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fuel like fluid fills up a test tube like fuel fills up a tank anchor it in to every cell and every nerve and every dna molecule in your body. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you know you've got it test it try to turn it off and notice what happens instead and when you're ready float up again move forward in time six more months a full seven months seven days from may 31st 2019 float down into that new mega version of yourself float down see the completely see the world through those eyes.

Hear the world through those ears smell taste feel experience the world mind and body through a system alive with transformation let our victories become your victories their accomplishments become your accomplishments their ahas their epiphanies their omg moments all downloading and imprinting themselves into the deepest most powerful most sensitive areas of your mind body and soul live a couple of months in that life notice what that's like when you realize you've got that it's locked in test it try to turn it off try to imagine some external force taking that away and notice what happens instead that's right. Take all that power all that ability all that amazingness with you and float further into the future one full year one year seven months seven days from may 31st 2019 float down into that unstoppable you see the world through those eyes. Hear the world through those ears smell and taste and feel the world through that mind body and soul alive with transformations live a half a year two years in that life notice what that's like yeah just gets better when you know you've got that there's obviously a place in your body where those qualities characteristics and attributes are stored where they grow and where they spread from point to where you feel it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm curious what color or colors that might be for you. First impression breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you know that's true test it that's right. And when you're ready take all that awesomeness all that power all that ability and skill and knowledge with you float forward in time once again five years a full seven years seven months seven days from may 31st 2019. float down see the world through those eyes.

Hear the world through those ears smell and taste and feel the world through that mind body and soul alive with those transformations live several years in that life notice what that's like when you know you got that notice there's a place in your body where it all stores where all flows from all the skills and the qualities the traits the characteristics the attributes the beliefs the amazing new feelings and abilities where they grow and where they spread from and there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i wonder what color or colors it might be for you. First impression when you know you've got that breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up the balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you you know what's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead now speaking to you is that amazing future version of yourself if you could turn around look. Back at the youngest version of yourself maybe the version of you that walked in on that. First day on march 27 2019 maybe even younger if you could look. Back even further perhaps and teach that youngest version of yourself everything they would ever need to know to feel to believe to experience to understand to be as amazing on that day as you are seven years seven months and seven days in that future you could do that now what would you share with them what would you teach them what do you know that they didn't know when you're ready and they're ready open your arms big and wide beckon that youngest version of yourself to fly forward through the wormhole of time and space into your waiting arms hold them to your heart whisper to them teach them share with them in whatever way is appropriate anything they're ever going to need to know to believe to feel to experience to understand to be as amazing on may.

Third twenty six twenty thirty. First as you are seven years seven months seven days in that future when you know they've got it breathe all of your colors through both of you at the same time feel the two of you begin to blend to merge to combine to integrate synergistically harmoniously exponentially more powerful together than either one of you on your own until you're one full and complete the united states of you when you know that's true test it try to go back to the old way of being and notice what happens instead in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to count from one to five when i reach the number five you will emerge from this process like a phoenix rising from the ashes like a butterfly emerging from a cocoon one phase of your transformation complete the. Next phase the best phase just beginning ready to spread your wings take to the air to soar amongst the clouds to experience life the universe and everything in it from a much higher place a more enlightened perspective number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you the power to command and control and change it number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your own other than conscious mind are now ten times more powerful a hundred times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced hell locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most want desire can implement facilitate perceive believe manifest and achieve all of these changes in all the ways that give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it number three always always always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly automatically generate those solutions and implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you you've made the investment you've made the journey you've followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've tested the results you have earned the rewards and the right.

To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you live it to the fullest starting now on the. Next count you can emerge from this process bringing all of these transformations modifications updates upgrades and revelations with you embodying them personifying them expressing them perceiving believing manifesting and achieving them in all of the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions head clear mind clear soul clear heart clear speaking thinking acting with self-assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel.
