Title: HEY!  You are NOT Broken. You’re Becoming. | How to Heal Trauma &amp; Rewire Reality (w/ David Snyder)
File Name: TCA2mDR4V4E.txt
Video Id: TCA2mDR4V4E
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCA2mDR4V4E

This computer yep we're golden you want me to put the. Do you want me to put the proverbial vest on or are we good to go the way we are good to go right. You're famous for the vest right. Yeah.

I know that no. I mean um. I was. So.

I personally am also an educator or a trainer okay. And um. But. I found out about your work about a year ago.

I would say i already got like certified and stuff in. NLP. But. I do absolutely love the way that you teach things and the way you articulate things.

So um yes. Um. I haven't officially started the podcast even though you're you're recording. But this is my part to say hello and uh yeah.

I'm glad that you're with me here today and how are you doing i'm good i'm really good uh it's been a busy you know like. I said past six weeks we've been spending more time uh traveling and doing trainings than anything else and we literally got back uh well. I got back on the on the on the se the 16th and was on another plane to. Sacramento on the 17th and.

Then we had backtoback podcast masterminds uh just lots of you know trying to catch up all all the the different ways that we reach out to people. So um this is this is the. I think one the the one of the. Last podcasts that were are in is in our docket um for a while.

So. But. I'm excited yeah well. I was scheduling this quite a few months back as well yeah.

So my schedule's crazy there was back before. I stopped uh seeing clients full-time um my waiting list was literally like eight months eight to nine months out um and it wasn't slowing down and the at that time. I was sharing a clinic with my wife and she decided arbitrarily that um because people were booking. So far in advance they were they were going to go to a lottery system.

So literally at the beginning of every month they would take everybody who called in the previous month put their names in a hat and just draw their names and give them those time slots class. So literally trying to get into. C was like like hitting the lottery um. But and.

I realized you know the way things were going that um. I could help a lot more people by training other people to go out and help other people than sitting in a room you know 40 50 60 hours a week uh in. So it was a hard decision. But.

I think ultimately it was the right. One. So yeah it must be right. Especially when you're doing hands-on sort of because.

I know you also you you said you studied. Chinese medicine and everything and that is very hands-on as you say. So must have been quite a transition well it the thing is is that when. I went to acupuncture school.

I had a very different way of looking at the mind and the body and as. I went through that whole that whole time and. I was doing other things. I started to seek.

I started to make connections that. I'd never made before things that. I'd maybe had suspected or been exposed to in bits and pieces um and somewhere from between 2005 and really 200 m 2012. I guess over a seven-year period.

I started to kind of the see the matrix for lack of a better word and um and. So. I. I started using my.

Oriental medical training in a much different way than. I'd ever thought. I would be i. I you know when.

I when. I work with people or. I teach hypnosis or. NLP.

I'm using my oral medical training. But. I'm not using it in the way that. I was originally taught it my understanding of energetics and the mind and and and the body have changed and and synergized in a very interesting way and uh it's leading us to very profound change work uh that can be done very very quickly and and.

So. I'm just kind of plumbing that rabbit hole and seeing how far down it goes. But a lot of times you know the reason we learn something often becomes very different than how we actually end up using it and. So.

I often tell. I agree to that yeah yeah. So. I often tell my students that you know regardless of what life experiences you've had trainings you've taken whether you like them or not nothing that you encounter is wasted absolutely everything matters everything will have a use for you usually at multiple levels through different at different points in your life and and.

So you know one of the the my favorite you know one of the things that happens most often in our seminars is people come up to me and say "David. I wish. I'd learned this 20 30 years ago.". And.

I say "Wasn't their time.". I guess you weren't ready you know exactly they would have had no. Relevance to you at that time people come to things when they're ready for it absolutely how many times have you would have told people something and. Then they five years.

Later say to you "Hey. I discovered this thing.". And you're like "I told you that five years ago." and it's like you weren't the teacher for them at the time nor was it their time to learn it i. I totally agree with that and.

I've seen that play out. So many times um yeah as. I knew we're going to have a thousand things to talk about. So uh yeah we're going to go [Music] through lots of different things just basic want to just ask you before we begin is there anything that you don't want me to ask anything that's.

I don't really have a lot of taboo subjects um. I find it's easier to just be open an open book. And and you know show my panties. So to speak you know if there's a if there's a you know something that's provocative.

I'll lead with it you know because that's just kind of how. I roll okay. No. No.

I just. I like to be sure in case something. I. I.

I. My question for for most anytime. I'm. I'm asked to be a guest is is there any particular topic or topics that your subscribers find uniquely interesting that that.

I can elaborate on i always like to customize the content for the person providing the forum yeah. So that's why. I gave a couple of bullet points to uh. Stephanie when organizing.

But basically my topic is consciousness which is obviously a huge one it's also things like communication skills our subconscious mind mastering our mind our emotions and. So on. So it's going to be around those things and also a little bit about freedom and the state of the world. So we'll dive into that we're going to get political no.

I don't see. I don't even see. I don't see that as political not as in that's not as in. I'm not interested in politics i'm talking about the truth of freedom and what it is to be human and that kind of thing.

So. I'm all yours all right. Without further ado. Then uh let's kick it off if you're good to go sure thing okay.

Thank you all right. Welcome back to. Living from. Within today.

I'm joined by. David. Snder for this wonderful conscious conversation david thank you for being with me here today listen thank you. So much for having me i can't wait to speak and talk and discuss cool stuff with cool people oh thank you and.

I what. I love about you is that you have such an array of different experiences and you and you utilize them in a multid-disiplinary approach and. I love that about people because as we were just briefly speaking on before we started is that you we tend to learn things not in the way that we end up using them or intending them. So sometimes what we end up learning is perhaps we don't understand why we're going to be using them.

But. Then it sort of gives us an aha moment. Later i want to start with the following because. I'm very passionate about purpose and helping people find their purpose what ignites you what is your life purpose oh my goodness um if you'd have asked me that 30 years ago.

I would have said kick butt get chicks and be cool um now it's it's more like um help a lot of people get chicks and be even cooler um no. It's you know what the truth is is that you know my chosen outcomes have changed a little bit you know it's not all about you know how many women can. I date or or uh how many you know how tough am. I um it's it's really.

But uh it's really more about change and transformation about empowerment and being able to affect change everywhere you know we have a a a slogan we call we call what we do real world hypnosis or real world. NLP and and and the meaning behind that is the ability to create change and and create uh positive transformation anytime anywhere under any circumstances and to be able to be that or or embody that means that you have to be prepared and you have to know the systems you're working with and actually be able to apply them crosscontextually and. So my goal is always to find new and f my my desire my dream is always to find newer faster better ways to get change or create an effective change faster now that change could be clo you know getting somebody to see the value in upgrading to our mega platinum package it could be getting somebody to realize that a behavior that they've they've been using all their lives to to keep themselves stuck is no. Longer worth their while if they've been in pain for 20 years to to show them how to shut that pain off and and and reprogram their neurology for something else to re resolve traumas that they've had right.

I'm always. I'm always driven to find better deeper more powerful effective ways to to to end the suffering of people. But also to go even deeper and that's to show people what's possible for them i look. At.

I you know. I. I often tell my students when. I'm teaching a class or my even sometimes my my clients although my students tend to get this more than my clients do is that if you could see you the way.

I see you know you are magic incarnate and and there is magic inside every human being and just like you know when the. Greeks hid fire inside or. Greek uh there's an old story that um when the. Greeks were hiding the power of magic.

I think it was the power of magic. Um they said that. I know exactly where to where to hide it we we'll put it inside inside them because they'll never think of looking there and you know. I'm paraphrasing it a lot.

But the idea is is that each and inside each and every one of us at whatever level we come into the techniques that we teach here at. Planet. David or or related disciplines we're learning about the magic of our neurology the magic of our mind and our consciousness and how that consciousness moves and works through the different systems of vibrational density that form a human being from the most coarse primal you know concrete level to the most subtle vibrational levels you you know and and there's a unity between all these different levels there's there's a a contiguous or continuous language. So to speak a set of mechanics and processes that link them all together and when you can link them together properly there's nothing.

I in my belief system um there's nothing a human being can't accomplish and. So my my real desire once we get past the remedial stuff fixing what's broken. So to speak is to plum the depths of that to find out what else can we do what else is possible you know and and again if you're going to lead you got to lead by example. So.

I'm my biggest guinea pig you know and and. So. I'm always. I'm always researching i'm always asking what's what else is there what else could we do with this what else is possible and inevitably as.

I teach what. I've taught the universe brings students to me who say "Have you ever thought about this guy or that girl or have you read this book?". And. I say "No.

But. I will before. I know it. I'm down another rabbit hole that the universe you know has has brought me.".

So. I'm never going to stop because. I don't think there is a way there is an end to what we're we're capable of what we can do what we can learn and ultimately to bring that out into the world is is one of the greatest honors. I've ever been given um and and.

So it's kind of humbling at the same time to watch the lights go on in people and realize that you played a role in that um. So that's kind of what drives me you know. I don't. I.

I don't see myself stopping because. I'm not done you know and as. I as. I learn and.

I grow and. I. I find the. Next cool thing you know.

I want to pass it on i want to show it to people and say "Hey this is what's possible for you too." you know because if it's just me that can do it it's not real in my world it's kind of part one of my uh one of my criteria one of my strategies if. I'm the only one that can do it it's not real. But if. I can teach a room full of people who've never heard of it before to do it and they can replicate what.

I do and send that out into the world. Then. Then. I'm doing what.

I came here to do which is is spread the light yeah have you also found that when you exactly what you just said when you share it and teach it that it actually becomes more meaningful rather than only doing it for yourself no. Oh no. It's it's it's it exponentially grows when you share what you have and that's something that a lot of people have a lot of trouble wrapping their heads around is you know we have two you know human beings operate from two kinds of desire one is the desire to receive for the sake of the self right. More more more you know.

So. I can have it and. Then there's this this other more higher desire that we all have to some degree and that's the desire to receive. So that we can share and the way the from my perspective my cosmology.

So to speak um the more we can share the light or the the information or the the bounty that we get from the universe the more we can receive because we're never we're never full if if we're sharing. Then there's always there's an inflow and an outflow to life and as long as that's maintained we can receive infinitely. But if you only take in and you hold on there's only a a small amount that you can hold on to and eventually the vessel breaks or the cup runs over and you lose what you have and. So one of the problems that we have in our world is people say "Well if.

I give all this really cool stuff away if. I share it in a way that um you know. I won't have anything nobody will be interested in me anymore.". And.

I found through trial and error and and a lot of uh you know testing that that's not the case that if you if you understand that you're a vessel you're a conduit for energy information consciousness and the more the more candles you light the metaphor. I often tell my students if you imagine light right. You have a candle. I have a candle your candle's not lit my candle's lit if.

I give you my candle now. I don't have any light right. You have the light. But if.

I take my lit candle and. I light your candle now we both have light there's more light in the world and you can go on to light other people's candles and when we talk about sharing or or receiving for the sake of sharing that's a lot of how on a it says it's kind of poetic. But that's really kind of how the old mystical disciplines understood energy they understood that if you try to hold a lot of energy you have a finite vessel. But if you can tap into and channel energy not only do you have an infinite amount that you can move through the universe the vessel that you're in just like building a muscle becomes stronger it it creates a more a more it generates more capacity as a byproduct of transducing that those frequencies or that information or that knowledge and.

So they understood this idea that giving for the sake of sharing is just another way of saying just let it pass through you without becoming attached to it or holding on right. So a lot of times what we receive hundreds thousands of years. Later is an ethical teaching or a moral teaching that actually describes a mechanical process for how the universe actually works. So if we sanitize the ethics away and.

I'm not saying ethics is a is is something we should sanitize. But if you look. At the you know you you know to use an. NLP term we chunk up to the process of what's going on we can start to extrapolate how these moral and ethical teachings came to be from an understanding of the principles that make up our universe oh wow can we please dive into that a bit more because that's actually.

I find natural law and principles and values and something actually really fundamentally important and something. I think our entire world could do with uh understanding a bit more about right. Now. So could you actually delve a bit deeper into that like how did ethics come out of the principles of the universe in a sense well again.

So one of the things that we see is you know inevitably when you start talking about ethics and and morals what you're talking about are analogies that people have made up or metaphors that people have made up um the one that comes again the one that. I see a lot of is you know that. I find to be the most obvious for this is in in the. Cabala there's a concept known as bread of shame now in um in cobalistic cosmology.

So to speak they tell us that the light which is everything like if you go to the. Cabala center they'll talk about the 99% which is the we live in the 1% right. And the 99% is everything else from a physics standpoint they're going to tell you that everything that has ever been ever will be or could be even in potential is already here why aren't we seeing it cabala says the light which is that 99% that non-local universe everything is there there's no. Time there's no.

Space and all it wants to do is share it just wants to expand. So think of think of your big bang theory expanding out infinitely in all directions right. But there there's a consciousness to this energy this light that is beyond what we considered you know human consciousness to be we are fragments we're holographic fragments for lack of a better word and. So each and every one of us embodies a holographic fractal piece of that totality and part of us is we're layered in these energetic shelves.

So one of the things that happens is when that light wants to give and this is where we talk about the princip physical principle of rapport right. What when we look. At rapport what the what the cabala was saying is that when the light start. First started to share it wanted to give infinitely it had this infinite abundance to give to expand in all directions.

But nothing to give to. So it it it created a space within itself to give to and it started beaming. So there was light. Then there was a vessel.

So if you look. At the dowist cosmology you have yin and yang right. It's the same idea they just didn't talk about the consciousness of it going on just yet. So as the light was was was pouring into this vessel an interesting thing started to happen the light just like any other type of rapport that we humans have the more light that the vessel started to receive the more attributes of the other piece the light it started to take on and it tried to give back to the light.

But it couldn't because the light can only give right. Yeah right. And. So what they say happened is the very.

First time this happened the vessel shattered because it was it was a finite vessel right. Right. We look. At rapport if you look.

At rapport when we entrain and we have whole days devoted to this in our trainings we call it state control when you connect to another human being's nervous system the longer you keep that entrainment the more attributes of the other person you take on okay. If you want to see this go even further get my my teacher. Lillian. Bridg's book.

Face. Reading in. Chinese. Medicine and in the beginning of the in the very few pages of that book.

She has pictures pictures of couples when they were just getting together when they were just got married pictures of the same couples 30 40 50 years. Later the pictures in the beginning they look. Very distinctly different as they get 30 years. Later they almost look.

Like brother and sister why is that why is that it's because rapport and entrainment means they become the attributes become closer and closer together vibrationally. So in the microcosm you can see this this understanding already that these people had thousands of years ago they might have used different metaphors to understand it. But there's a principle of entrainment of of resonance that comes into that now. I have to give you that before.

I give you this this ethical teaching there's a concept in the cabala called bread of shame and bread of shame is a familial or a social problem that happens when you give to somebody. But you don't give them the opportunity or a way to balance the scales and earn it back okay. And. So what eventually hap and the way that.

I was taught it you know this mom has this son that she absolutely loves and adors gives him everything pampers him loves him you know pays for the best clothes the best schools everything and as soon as this kid's 18 he's across the freaking planet hating that that ruined his life right. Why because we came here at from an e again from an ethical principle you gave. But you didn't give them a chance to earn that light you didn't give them a chance to evolve and grow and and put the effort in to balance those energetic scales and. So the energy that you gave out of love stagnates and toxifies and it starts to push back the the coist from a vibrational level called that aims which is a breaking or a shattering of the vessel you see this a lot of times when people who have been uh you know maybe they were started off as a very uh a very devout very um outspoken evangelist of some kind right.

And as they as their star rises you know 10 20 years. Later you find you read a newspaper story in the back about them in the in the back alley with two hookers and a gram of coke right. What happened at some point that energy that they were receiving receiving from source they cut themselves off from it and started using the people. But they were and when that happened they they got that rush that momentary rush and that energy didn't have any place to go and it caused them circuits to fry or their behaviors to change they started to get very very grandiose.

So there's lots of different ways that you can look. At the the mechanics of what these ancients were saying and see how they can start to apply to some of the ethical and moral principles that we have reached you know one of the the funniest ones for me and again. I'm. I'm.

I'm actually my my family has not been. Jewish by the way for three or four generations. So um. But one of the things.

I was learning at the. Cabala. Center many many years ago in in. Orthodox.

Judaism and again. I. I. I'm not.

Jewish uh. I have not been. Jewish for a long time i don't know all the rules. So please forgive me if.

I misspeak um. But in. Orthodox. Judaism when you go to the temple uh the men sit up at the front the women sit in the back right.

And if you ask an. Orthodox from an orthodox perspective why that is they'll a lot of people will say "Well it's men and women should be separated right?". When. I was at the.

Cabala. Center they would pull back the curtain on some of these teachings and say "You don't get it women have are because of their yin nature because that their their their vessel is bigger and deeper and stronger they're inherently more spiritual than men. So they don't they. So men need to sit closer because they need more help.".

And that was from and this is before all the hashtagme too this is back in the 90s right. Before. Madonna even heard of. Cabala right.

So. I'm very much a primadana. But the idea and. So again.

So this is how a metaphysical principle can become a dogma or a tradition that becomes doctrized that becomes dogmatic and people think they know why they did it you know and. So a lot of times there's there's always there's almost always a if you go deep enough there's almost always a metaphysical not metaphysical metaphysical mechanical reason why these things h have are done a certain way i don't have a big uh. I'm not. I don't teach ethics i don't teach um morals uh mostly because uh as.

I and. I and this is going to be very controversial. But you know take it or not uh my my belief is that all belief systems are including mine um the question yeah belief systems are they're not the truth they're belief system they're ideologies they're rules that people made up either for them to control us for us to control ourselves right. They're just decisions we made about the way the world is or is supposed to be and we're acting as if they're actually true now that being said we have belief systems they're in play they're always operating.

So the question becomes not whether they're or not because we know they're all just we made up the question becomes is the belief system that you're operating from giving you the life experience you want to have is it moving your life in the direction that you want it to go if the answer to that is yes. Then keep it and embellish it and enjoy it if it's not. Then it's incumbent on you to change your beliefs until you find a set of beliefs that lead you to the lifestyle you want to have the life experiences you want to have. But we don't like to challenge our beliefs because it it's uncomfortable you know um.

But at the at the end of the day all a belief system really is is a decision that we made about the way the world is based on the information we had at the time and the feelings in our body yeah um. So. David extremely powerful i could talk to you for five days just that thing right. There um there was.

So much we went into there i absolutely agree that belief systems are and that they're just things that we make up and that stories it's a narrative in our world um that we portray and. Then live out the story that we tell ourselves is the life that we live um. I do. However differentiate between morality and belief systems because you've actually also kind of just proved that with everything you said about the mechanics of the universe that to me is what kind of shows the guidance from the universe in terms of morality if you want to use the term or simply cosmic law princip laws of cause and effect law of attraction whatever people would like to call it you know whatever you do it's going to give a certain sort of reaction from the universe and.

I absolutely love basically from the as you took. It really far back to the big picture. I love the one that you explained about the white and filling the vessel in that it's showing that the sort of essence of the universe is to give and continue giving meaning that no. Matter how much we receive we also it's it's in us to give back not necessarily always to who gave it to us.

But simply further and further on right. And one of the things that's interesting to close the loop on that is is the difference between giving and sharing sharing means that in the process of of transferring something to you. I'm not diminished i don't have less as a result of that or or it's quickly replenished. So when we talk about giving a lot of us are brainwashed into give give give give give even if we don't have it and our reward will be reaped in heaven right.

Well yeah the people pleasing thing yeah exactly. So there's always that little conundrum. But just to put the you know one of the things that happened when the when the light and the and the vessel started to interact a. Second time the light the the vessel still as it again as it took.

On more and more of that light it started to say okay. I need to give. I want to be like the creator and. So it created spaces it created more spaces that it could move light through and now you have these step downs we call in the in the cabala the sphere the the sepharoth you have the different vibrational planes all these different things and each one a little bit more light is concealed until we get to where we're at which is a a we're always hungry for more light and unfortunately we're cut most of us are cut off to a great degree from the source of infinite abundance and.

So we look. Outside of ourselves and we we have a culture our cultures global. Now really that feeds that we're not enough and. So we go looking outside of ourselves for any little spark of light that we can get the new the newest uh you know cell phone the the latest fashions the right.

Makeup the right. Car the right. Job these are all things that momentarily give us a feeling of fulfillment and satisfaction. But ultimately it wears off because there's they're all fragments of of that big that big connection and.

I think it's interesting let me just clarify a little bit about ethics and moral you know the. Cabala teachers used to tell me the universe has rules right. And and that's and that's what. I live by are the universal rules.

But the universe that we live in the universe that we live in and again. I look. At things from a hermetic standpoint i'm using. Cabala for some reason i think it's my it's my year to talk about.

Cabala because. I've been practicing and and doing kabal cabbalistic things for 30 years. But. I've never taught it until this year uh it's something.

I've no. Pun intended to cut very close to my vest um. But uh. But for some mysterious reason the universe is is is impelling me to to share these things and it's interesting to me um.

But when. I was um what was. I talking about right. Before.

I opened loop myself holy cow uh the cabalian you wanted to mention to me um you know what it'll come back to me let's move on with the. Next piece no. Worries yeah which. I have read that.

Kabarian's amazing. But that part about we have this not enough right. And that people feel inherently that they're not not enough. So they seek it from the external world which we have an external world is is built around you know catering to that right.

Yeah and again if you're looking at a trauma perspective one of my colleagues. Brent. Bal who created uh holographic memory resolution the very the title of his very. First book.

Um he called trauma school earth trauma school. Yeah because we're here to learn through trauma. Anyway you were going to say. I'm sorry.

I didn't interrupt you um yeah well that leads to it too is that that the when we seek externally is because we don't we're we're not feeling whole within especially not connected to that light. So. Therefore we are there's something missing there's a disconnection and we do have you know a whole world filled with trauma whether that be you know small trauma big trauma whatever people want to call it. But at the end of the day pretty much most people are still walking around very injured children in adult bodies which.

I'm sure you've also witnessed in all of your thousands of people you've worked with globally doesn't matter which country right. Everyone has this inner child that's sort of still waiting to be nurtured. So. I'm curious especially because you have worked with.

So many people with. So much different backgrounds and you you work with them in their sort of most vulnerable moments what have you found what have you learned about human beings and this earth school uh like the top things you've learned about. Yeah people's trauma their vulnerability and how they can start you know just at least becoming aware of it and working through it the biggest the biggest thing. I've seen and.

I and. I this is one of the very. First when. I when.

I teach my regression classes and things like that the very. First thing. I. I tell them is look.

Regardless of why they're in your chair when you put when you open the hood you peel back the layers and you look. Into the hearts and minds of every man woman and child inevitably you see the same thing you see a scared little child desperate to be loved and accepted and terrified of being alone and when you give that child those experiences those resources there is nothing they can't go through there is nothing they can't heal from there is nothing they can't process and move on from. But you have to you have to engineer that that process for them and there's only one entity in the universe short of the universe itself that can actually be there for them and that's the that's the person themselves. So you have to literally give them themselves back.

But you have to give them a version that is strong and wise and able to give them that unconditional love and acceptance um that they need on an ongoing basis and. So the the trick if and again. I don't mean that in a negative way. But the is how do you do that for the person what's the path that leads them to become their very best friend their very best parent their very best uh mentor and guide and protector and adviser the one who can explain everything that can give them the advice and the acceptance and the reflection that they're good enough how what's the path for them that they need and inevitably there's there's a series of techniques and principles that are very modular that we've come across and developed over the time that allow us to get that person where they need to be in the shortest amount of time possible.

But at the end of the day two things a at the core of every human being is that does that little child the other thing that. I have seen and again. I. I.

I bless the universe for allowing me to glimpse some of its secrets and to be able to spread those is that every single thing that human beings do subjectively their belief systems their traumas their fantasies their daydreams their hopes their fears and even to a large degree even to a very very large degree the very organs and and and systems in their bodies all run on the same system they run on the same code and if you understand how to reintegrate the bodily and and cognitive systems synergistically you get a whole that's greater than the sum of the parts and the system can reprogram and and change instantaneously in many cases because one of the things that that happened to for me was. I realized as especially when. I was going through um going through acupuncture school is. I started to realize because.

I. I deliberately picked an acupuncture school that had the strongest western science training. I could find amongst acupuncture schools and. So.

I was. I. I got a deep. I got a nose full of math and physics and biology and and physi you know all the different things you would expect in a medical school and one of the things.

I realized very very quickly was that every science that we have the entire model that we move through the world in is based on differentiation it's on separation and. So you separate. A from. B and.

B from. C and. X one from two and two from three and. So you have bioys or astrophysicists who never talked to biohysicists you have astronomy you know astron you know astronomers who don't talk to um physicists or you know they have all these different sciences that are specialties y and every now and.

Then one of them talks and all of a sudden they realize they're talking about the same stuff. But we we live in a world where everything is separated and. So when we look. At healing the body we don't.

I think it's it's past 20 30 years it's probably started to change significantly going back to this holistic integrative functional medicine approach. But it's it's it's slow coming from in the east or in the west and eventually they'll get to this idea that mind there's no. Difference between the mind and the body the. Chinese never separated that idea to them the mind was the body and vice versa right.

But the human nervous system is where everything comes together regardless of whether we're talking about advanced metaphysics trauma work or physiological phenomena physiologies everything comes together at the autonomic nervous system. Therefore there has to be a continuity a way for one type of energy or one type of information to be communicated throughout the system and it has to be done in a way that that the system understands nlp gave us that that link and that was the. VA. KOG system visual auditory kinesesthetical factory gustatory right.

Now. NLP at the time it was incepted didn't see those things as vibrational phenomena they saw them as hallucinations that the neurology generated. But what if there was actually a vibrational phenomenality to it that. NLP gave us a window into.

But didn't really explore because again it was trying to be taken seriously good luck with that one. Richard. Anyway um yeah the whole world just hears the world. NLP and they're like "Oh you're evil.".

It's like. I'm helping you nlp really did give us our. First western glimpse into the nature of what we've come to call the holographic nervous system right. And.

So what we do is we find the way to reintegrate all the different divisions of the human nervous system from the propriceptive nervous system to the autonomic nervous system to the central nervous system we we and we do it in a way that makes all of these different diverse systems that western the history of western medicine has said are independent of each other right. Like a surgeon takes out a heart puts in a new one oh you're good to go just take the these 50 pills a day and you'll be fine right. But we don't work that way what the nervous system creates the nervous system controls and if we if we accept that principle. Then if.

I ask the right. Questions the nervous system will give me the answers. I need and it will accept the fruit the fruit of those answers and. So we find ways to integrate the physical body the emotions the.

VA kogg uh the breath which is a big factor in a lot of these things and we do it in a way that causes all of the systems to orient on a specific outcome and reprogram it from the inside out. So um we get this hole that's greater than the sum of the parts and all of your stuff you say editorial you all of your stuff is built from this system and if you integrate the mind the body the breath the imagination and the intention with this system there isn't much you can't change that. I haven't found and the more. I study the ancient practices and.

I peel back the layers to the mechanical level. I'm seeing the same thing over and over from the dowist to the cobbalist to the the tantric to uh the. Christian mysticism practices and there's a lot of them um you know one of the things that. I'm a martial arts.

I've been a martial artist for a very long time. I want to ask you a question on that too we get yeah go one of the arts. I study is called systemma which is simultaneously a very old and very modern martial art. But a lot of the ancient systemma systems are derivatives of an ancient.

Christian mystical practice known asm and. So a lot there's a lot of breath work there's a lot of prayer the heart work that goes into these these marshall practices and they're handinand glove everything that the hermetics have been saying you need to do to integrate these things it's handin glove with what a lot of the. Chiang and the. Huna and the um the.

Tibetan systems and the and the uh the. Indian systems are teaching on a mechanical level they're all the same and once you understand that it doesn't really matter which system you pull from if you if you can distill it down to a mechanical level it'll work i'm always seeing it like the mechanics of the subtle you know the the metaphysical that we don't see it's bringing it to the mechanical that's why the type of work that you're doing is. So important that's also what. I'm always doing is how do you take something.

So seemingly. So complex or out there and bringing it to a sort of formative step by step literally how you can do it and. I. I love that breakdown thank you for taking people through that because that's it's.

So true everything to do with the nervous system is quite literally everything for us i mean including trauma like it's all linked in your nervous system the nervous system remembers everything the memory is carried in in that connection in that mind body. So. I'm sure you've also seen as you said instantaneous or miraculous healings as they call them what are they called i've been teaching this stuff for 20 30 years well let's see i got my. First download which was like became the.

Rosetta. Stone of everything a lot of people like if you've you know a lot of say well you must learn spinning from. Richard. Banler i didn't study with.

Richard. Banler till 2012 and. I. So you're connected.

So you say you got a download means you're connected with. Yeah. I got the download i know exactly where. I was it was 2005 i was in.

Dand. Florida i was at a training with famous hypnotist. Jerry. Kind we were on a break and there was this really hot blonde woman from.

Montreal that. I wanted to impress who was complaining about. Montreal okay. Right.

And complaining of a backachche and. I got this download and. I just said "Point to where you feel it.". She took.

It out she spun it it went away i ran out of to say i went "Bye.". Right. But. But that was you know when the universe gives you something.

Yeah you have an you have a responsibility to do something with it and. I didn't. I didn't. I sat on it i used it twice in seven years i didn't know what.

I had and. Then the universe kicked my butt and before. I know it. I'm in a cancer ward in.

China treating my wife's sixth aunt who's dying of cancer oh wow okay. Now we have to dive into that a little bit i had a feeling okay. Before. I go any further let me.

Okay. Let me say this it's it's it's a bit it's it's it doesn't have a completely happy ending it has a bittersweet ending. But it has a very significant ending and it's the reason why. I'm sitting here with you today.

So when. I met my. I met my wife in acupuncture school we actually. I often joke we met over a dead body because she was literally she was literally the.

Great story we had the only medical school the only acupuncture school with an actual cadaavver lab right. Right. Cuz it was also a chiropractic school and she was the senior lab assistant and. I had re.

I had resurrected the martial arts club on campus cuz the marsh. I went to acupuncture school because the martial arts that. I studied specifically dealt with how to manipulate acupuncture points to turn stuff off or turn them on or make people pee themselves or do weird stuff right. And.

I. I. I. I wanted to get better at that and find another uh way to kind of have a backup source of income if the martial arts didn't work out for me or whatever and it was either forensics like like forensic profiling and stuff like that or it was going to be healthcare and.

I looked at the the salary of the average cop the stress level and promptly chose healthcare. So um. I wasn't it's a true story right. But.

I never lost my love for behavior and that's why. I still teach. So much of this i'm just. I can't not do it right.

So. I go into the cadaavver lab and there's this little cute little. Chinese woman cutting up this dead body i didn't know in. China she'd studied advanced martial arts with with her master she she and her friend points me and says "That's the guy that's the guy that's starting that's starting a martial arts he's doing the seminar this weekend.".

She looks at me she looks at her friend she looks at me she looks at her friend she goes "He's the martial artist he's not even. Chinese.". Right. And.

So as. I'm. So as. I'm walking by.

I'm walking by the table she lunges at me from across his dead body to this day she says it was a probe i say it was a scalpel. So. I was either going to get probed or scalped i'm not sure which. But she says "Are you the martial artist?".

And. I'm like. I thought. I'd violated some weird ethnic rule that white people can't do kung fu or something um.

So. I should have gave you my disclaimer about political incorrectness. But. Anyway um.

Oh no. Don't worry i'm not uh that kind of thing at all. So what happens is come on what was. I just talking about before.

I talked about my wife i was talking about um martial arts about the difference yeah yeah. So we get together you know several years. Later it's 2000 2012 as a matter 2012 as a matter of fact shortly before. I.

I went to train with. Richard because. I. I've been.

I've been doing. NLP and hypnosis since the early 90s and. But. I after my.

First couple trainings. I went off into the universe and just decided to figure out on my own and after 20ome years. I said well how good am. I really where where does my skill set kind of sit with the you know the the standard in the.

NLP world and that's a whole different story there we can talk for another day. But. I had this friend and my my my wife had had gotten the the the call that her six aunt the one and her her she comes from a huge family her her family was pre-communist takeover. So there was like 12 brothers and sisters mostly sisters and her a her sixth aunt was the one she absolutely adored beyond all all meaning and all life itself and the reason.

I bring that up is my wife had studied energetic martial arts she was very comfortable with this idea of energy. But nobody had ever taught her energy healing i taught my wife energy healing i taught her pronic healing i taught her raiki uh we did. DNA theta together and she was really really good at animals she could you kloating belly up after an hour they're swimming around like you know puppies you know on their desk door all of a sudden they're playing and down she's good she was good it just took. A long time.

So we get this this this message that her sixth aunt's been diagnosed with cancer they had given her three weeks. So we do the 50-yard dash we have to get passports we have to get the kids passports we have to book. Our flight we have to get out there and when we're going through all this. I pull her aside and.

I say "Look. You know. I've been dealing with cancer in the treatment rooms you know. I was primarily aggression therapist at the time from the.

Steven you know the kind and. Park. Hill schools and. I said "Look.

I don't. I don't speak the language there's nothing. I can really do about that. But you have the acupuncture you you know what a little bit about what.

I do um you have the the pray the product healing you have the raiki you have the. DNA theta healing maybe we when we go out there you see if if uh you know you can do something for your aunt that's a good idea. So we we go through all of our plans we fly out there now. I don't know if you've ever been in.

China or specifically a. Chinese cancer a ward. Chinese not yet no. Yeah there is not a very there is not a less toxic pl a more toxic place.

I have found it maybe the white house nowadays. But that's a different issue for a different day. But. So.

My wife and. I are walking into the into the into the room and her aunt is you know she she wasn't a big woman to begin with and now she's sh she's like 65 pounds the bed is like you can barely see her in the bed and my wife takes one look. At her favorite aunt and. Dr dawn has left the building right.

She takes one look. At her and. I know my she's not treating anybody she's little. Dong.

Dong again right. And everybody starts looking at me the white guy right. They say "Well you you do some kind of chiong over in the. United.

States.". Because that's what they think hypnosis is is chiang right. Can can you help her and. I'm like wow i'm like and.

I'm thinking to myself. I can't let my wife down i you know. I mean they're all looking at me right. And.

So. I'm like what do. I have what do. I have that doesn't rely on language and.

I had two techniques come up in a few in a minute or two the. First one was grey room and the. Second one was the energy spinning technique that. I've kind of made famous on our.

YouTube channel and my wife and grey room and the energy spinning technique you know back in my version of it. So. I'm thinking like that was a download. I got in.

Dan seven years earlier remember. So that's all. I got and. So my wife fortunately had good enough command of very good command of.

English and span and not. Spanish. Chinese and. So she did a little bit of translation.

But when we got there she had uh fluid in the paricardium tacoc cardia uh shortness of breath a sites um. I can't remember if there was one other one. But. So the.

I knew the. First thing we had to do was we had to uh we had to back we had to get her breathing back and. So the. First thing.

I had her point to where she felt it she took. The energy she's. Chinese. So she's very comfortable with this idea of energy mainly in.

Chinese she takes the energy out she spins it she puts it back in her breathing balanced instantaneously. Then. I said "Okay. Teoc cardia is next.".

So. I had her point to where she felt it take it out notice the color spin it the opposite direction put it back in techocardia goes away fluid in the paricardium same thing everything that every system that was trying to shut down we turned back on in minutes by the end of the. Third day she was pacing up and down the cancer ward dragging her. IV bottle behind her like a samurai warrior and everybody's looking at like "What did you do?".

I said "It's just some. American thing.". Right. Inside.

I'm going "Thank. God.". Right. But the ascites that she had which is fluid in the paratonium that took.

A little longer to drain now we could only stay for a week and. So for the. First three days. I went in and we worked with.

Grey. Room clearing out stuff. But the spinning was what really got us her her her stabilized that got her back on that track grey room allowed us to kind of deal with some past because nobody there's no. Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient cancer is an exit strategy when the body has given up on this life oh that's such a profound point yes.

And it's always stewing from the emotional stuckness or something that's right. Yeah because. So many people would think that there's no. Way they think of it purely physically right.

Yeah it's it's no. It's disease is a metaphor and once you understand that you can deal with it very very differently diseases are just messages use. NLP word they're nominalizations right. Um.

But. Anyway the bottom line is between spinning which was what got it is the big piece and. Then the gray room we got we started doing a lot of clearing. But we again have.

I didn't have a lot of fancy linguistics. So for the. First three days we did the treatment she was getting better and better every single day we went and visited her father in uh uh. Wuhan.

I think it was and. Then we did a couple more treatments. Then we had to go back now this is where the story takes a weird turn in that after the the day we left for some reason and we still don't know why and. I've been given lots of intuitive psychic readings as to why this could have been they moved her to a different hospital they just picked her up and moved her to a completely different hospital and for some reason some way somehow that that triggered a a spiraling effect she started circling the drain again and the moment she got to that hospital she started to deteriorate and we got back to the states and my wife tried you know obviously.

I couldn't do anything uh my wife tried energy healing from distance she tried doing all these things she was she couldn't stop it she she eventually passed. But that whole experience affected me very very profoundly because in those moments. I saw the power of something that. I had been given and completely disregarded and took.

For granted and. I made the promise that that was never going to happen again that. I was given something and it wasn't mine it was something that. I had to share with the world it was something.

I. I couldn't keep for the sake of myself alone remember that bread of saying keeping it for the sake of yourself versus sharing and. So. I realized what.

I needed to do with it and that's why. I taught it for free to everyone when. I got back from. China my good friend.

James. C2. I told him the story couple weeks. Later we're out in.

Orlando and um we're on a break i'm. I'm. I'm eating up. Richard's training i'm there for.

Master. Pra i'm all excited right. I'm and there's a 15-minute intermission this gentleman comes up to me uh his name is. Gus hello my name is.

Gus short for. Gustavo i am from. Costa. Rica james.

C2 says you can cure my cancer and. I'm like me yes. James says you can cure my cancer and. I'm like.

I'm in the middle of a lobby i have 10 minutes before. I have to go back in and sit and go back into trance he wants me to cure his cancer in the lobby and. I got another download this is a again a big we teach this in the private or in the regular classes. But not usually on the public videos i said point to where you feel it he goes what i said point to where you feel it he points to his he had prostate cancer i said that's not the problem he goes what i said that's not the problem that's the symptom there's a reason that tumor is there and there's a feeling connected to that reason point to where that feeling that connected to that reason lives in your body he points to his heart i said "Now close your eyes.

And look. At it.". He closes his eyes. Looks notice there's a color connected to that feeling what colors would it be for you.

First impression he goes "Red.". I go "Excellent reach in grab all that red energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes that hides.". He reaches in he starts grabbing it he hold it in his hands i say "Did you get it all?". He goes "Yes.".

I said "Look. Make sure.". They always look. They always find more right.

So now as you look. At that color in your hands did it change or stay the same. First impression he goes "It's the same.". Excellent grab it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was and he spins he turns now double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot he spins it and he spins it and he spins it and he spins it and he slams it back in and the minute he slams it in.

I take my hands and. I clap it over his hands and his back that energy goes into him i swiped his gallbladder and conception vessels or gallbladder and triple warmer conception and governing vessels i held him there he starts going he starts his eyes. Roll back in his head he turns beat red he breaks out in his sweat and. I just held it i held that space for him for about 45 seconds give or take and all of a sudden you could just see it hit the the the new program hit and he went and he just relaxed and his face completely changed and his personality changed too he stopped being angry right.

He goes. I go "Bye.". Because. I had to get back to my class right.

Three weeks. Later. I get a little package in the mail it's. Postmark.

Costa. Rica now. I'm afraid it's going to be ticking because. Gus it didn't work or something right.

I open the package there's a little note it says "Thank you.". And there's some numbers underneath it and and. Then there's another this little stuffed toy dog i don't know if you remember a few decades back back in the early n late 90s or maybe early 2000s there was the cutest dog in the world there's a little toy poodle named. Bow.

Anyway there was a little stuffed bow there it was for my daughter right. And there are these numbers he says this from. Gus he says he's thanking me you really helped me and. I'm like and.

Then all these numbers i. I have. I have no. Very minor medical western medical training i don't know how to read a lot of these tests yet i didn't learn that stuff until.

I got to my doctor program. But my one student. Zach his mom was a critical care nurse he was studying to be a surgic a surgical assistant i said "Can you tell me what these numbers mean?". He calls his mom he starts reading them off he goes "Oh they're tumor markers his his prostate tumor had shrunk by 50% less than five minute intervention that and.

I knew it right. Then and there that was like the the nail in the coffin for me it was like okay. There's a lot more here than. I that.

I understand and that spinning technique became the. Rosetta stone for all the other systems that. I would. I would evolve from that and as.

I along the way. I. I found some other very powerful things like from. Brent.

Bal and and. Bill. Bankston and stuff. But that was kind of okay.

The universe gave you something you sat on it now you got to use it now what are you going to do now you know what you've got are you going to share it or are you going to keep it and. I took. A page from. Gary.

Craig's playbook. With the. EFT and. I said "Here it is take it out use it change your life and come back and tell me what you find.".

And that's exactly what and that created that ongoing sharing receiving sharing receiving giving kind of a dynamic for us and we just we just kept going with it and it's worked for us exceedingly well and it's it's changing millions of lives now. But. But that's kind of how it works you know when the universe gives you something you know they say to whom much is given much is expected and and and. I really.

I. I you know even though it's. I've come to believe it you know no. I.

Yeah. But that's that's what motivates me is like you know and. I know it's saved lives already i know that. I.

I've seen and and this is goes back to one of the things you were mentioning earlier when. I see that integration of systems now even after teaching this for almost 20 years. I look. At somebody who has neuropathy that nerves are dead they're not coming back all of a sudden they start getting feeling back in their arm right.

And. I'd look. At that and. I go "That shouldn't work that just shouldn't work.".

And yet. I. I know how it works i know what the mechan the theory behind it is and when you see it it changes everything and what's f what's the best part about it. Melissa is you don't even have to believe it for work it's belief independent it's just mechanics exactly it's just a technique it's just a tool right.

That's exactly what because you for example you were just taking us through it for those that don't know you have an abundance of all of these tools and techniques for free on your. YouTube channel like they could study for a year alone on the content you put out on. YouTube uh and of course you also have courses and trainings and workshops which you'll let people as well know where they can find you uh when we close um. But it's exactly what you're mentioning it's it's almost more just a mindset shift of you don't even have to believe it just do it and see for yourself what the result is and it's it's that action part and and it goes for you as well and that if you hadn't just tried it with the people that the universe brought to you they brought to your face whether it was you know uh your wife's aunt or this person at that training it was like they're there now you got the responsibility what are you going to do with it right.

And it's just one of those moments where you're like you have to do it and see the result for yourself%. So incredible story absolutely um again. So many layers to it. So.

I'm going to have to obviously be selective because we're coming to a close here. But. I do see that the really powerful part is that everything stems from an emotion. So when people can also identify what is the emotion they're ignoring that is stuck or they're just not addressing for example that person uh that that had to pull it out of his heart could have been for example repressed anger perhaps um um and it's it's just it's a it's a mentality that a lot of people never grew up with they have no.

Idea they think this is totally something you know what are you talking about. But as you said you see it for yourself just literally try it out and you will see it will happen to you what you just said your shoulders will shift you will relax and something will have shifted in you and you don't have to believe it you just have to. Then see yourself like you watch your own behavior the during the day the. Next day and.

So on and it's a continual process it is a toolkit that any human being can use in any given challenge and moment in time and that's the thing. I wanted to dive into a little bit which was you said that you kind of you had the. First download and. Then you sort of hid away to yourself because you had to deal with your own stuff and everything i wanted to ask you in general in terms of sort of spiritual awakening and expanding your own consciousness what was for you uh one of the biggest catalysts that propelled you into going onto the path that you are now like what did it take for you um to basically let's say make that shift from okay.

I'm just dealing with me now to okay. Now. I actually have to do this i think for me a lot of it changed during that time in. LA when.

I was in uh you know it's it's you know again. I had. I. I gone through various metaphysical phases in my life and.

Then. I get very disillusioned with the metaphysical worlds in general and. Then. I go the opposite direction and.

Then somewhere. I. I. I.

I kind of. I started on the world of woo went to the completely it's all and now. I'm somewhere in the. Um.

But. I've always felt people's pain like if. I see somebody suffering. I.

I can't not try and do something. But a lot of times. I didn't have anything. I could do and that to me was not acceptable and.

I made a commitment several times in my life um that. I would never be powerless again i would. I would. I would there you know regardless of what degree there would always be something.

I could do because. I sat and watched too many of the people. I loved and cared about withering away and passing away and. I couldn't do anything and.

I wasn't it wasn't going to stand for me anymore i was going to find a way you know um. Then of course. I went into my chasing girls and being cool phase and. But it never really left me because even even in that phase of my life.

I was all about how do we protect ourselves how do we protect the ones we love from the bad people in the world you know um and. I did a lot of time as a martial artist i did a lot of time teaching. Raiki raiki was my very. First healing art.

But it was a it was a direct and this is again one of those little tiny pieces that becomes a big tree. Later on i most of the healing that. I learned. I wasn't pursuing the healing arts specifically to be a healer i was pursuing them to get better at my martial arts to get better with energetics to to do all these other to you.

I was using it as a knowledge base or a database for all these other things that. I wanted to accomplish and because. I maybe because. I was coming at it with a different set of eyes.

And a different set of filters. I saw things other people didn't see and. I saw applications other people didn't understand or or didn't conceive of because they have a very specific way of looking at the world if you're a healer you see the world through the eyes. Of disease and healing there isn't anything else why would you ever consider studying healing art to get better at hurting somebody why would you you don't it just it doesn't register on the average healer's radar as right.

As something you do true. So for whatever reason. I. I had a different set of eyes.

Had a different set of outcomes. But it caused me to learn these things in a lot of ways better and diff from a different perspective. So that when it did when when something came up. I knew how to fix it because.

I also knew how to cause it if that if that makes any kind of. No. That that that's actually a very important point which is a whole thing we obviously haven't got time to get into which is. I wanted to talk about the whole mind control social engineering it's it's the whole getting into the mind of the person that's doing it.

So that you can protect yourself right. Big a lot big chunk of what we teach is is about protecting yourself from the influence that is being exerted on you not if it's exerted on you you know exactly mhm you know because the biggest one that you know the biggest the biggest crux of of everything. I teach is about self-awareness or awareness in general because without awareness there is no. Choice oh that's a good way to say it i agree awareness is everything to me awareness is also linked to consciousness.

But without awareness there is no. Choice that is absolutely true mhm um and you're allowing yourself more of the abilities and more multiple choices through more awareness absolutely 100% right. And um when it comes to martial arts because. I understood you're a black belt in martial arts we got a couple of those hanging around somewhere okay.

Right. I heard that's that's a good thing um what has martial arts taught you not only about obviously self-defense or or you know becoming physically strong. But about mental and and spiritual strength martial arts taught me that it's actually more the mental and spiritual side is actually in many cases more important than the physical side because if your spirit is strong if your mind is strong you can make your body strong in the moment when you have an indomitable spirit that will not quit that no. Matter how many times it gets up or gets knocked down it gets back up again you can't lose you may die.

But that you didn't you didn't lose in our world you you never fail until you quit. So if you don't quit you can never fail and. So one of the things that has happened to us as a as a culture a global culture is we have been what's. I don't want to say this in a way that's going to be there's no.

Way. I can say this without being we've been sisified basically is what happened is we've oh yeah we've been you know we we've gotten soft and that's actually in my opinion one of the reasons why we have this whole problem with. Russia right. Now that we're having is because the people running that regime are from a time where strength was measured in what you were willing to do and how much you could push back mhm and unfortunately for him he didn't count on the unity of the world like cuz he thought because we were all afraid of each other that we would just kind of cower behind our little video screens and not do something well surprise the world isn't the same as it was during the.

Cold. War. But there are still people who don't who who who still operate from what. I call the law of the jungle versus the rule of law we've become.

So. Oh that's that's that's and. I know exactly what you're talking about. But please.

Yes. Go ahead and and and that's one of the problems that we have is that at the end of the day when the power goes out we're back to the rule of the law of the jungle. But we're all operating from the law the rule of law as if that is the highest most uh baseline way to go and it isn't at the end of the day the only rights you have as a human being are the ones you are willing and able to fight for amen because the no. Government will guarantee you right.

In fact their job is actually in many cases remove as many of those as possible it's to take it away from you and to control you that would be my style security for your best you know for your greatest good right. So governments are a necessary evil because what's what's what's the other answer anarchy chaos no. There has to be a balance and and that's a and it's a dynamic balance and it will change as environments and climates and economics change. But at the end of the day there are people who look.

At the rule of law as the path of weakness you know because it it relies on a group to come and do your fighting for you exactly. So that's the thing to me it's not about neither complete rule control nor complete chaos which is not anarchy by the way anarchy just means no. Rulers doesn't mean no. Rules.

But the middle point would be sovereignty that people are self-governing yeah yeah. I know we're very very far from that. But that's where. I would like to help the lead and teach people as well it's to become self you know the pendulum swings and that's one of the things again if you look.

At the cosmology like especially the dowist systems they're going to tell you it's going to swing from yin to yang and back and forth and there's always going to and. I predicted. So much again. I'm not.

I'm not a. I'm not psychic i'm not some weird you know spiritual guru i'm just somebody who studies human behavior. But. I happened to see an analog you know back in 2016.

I stood in front of a group of persuasion students and. I said "Donald. Trump's going to be our. Next president.".

And they're like "Bullshit.". I said "No.". And here's why it had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with persuasion and human nature absolutely yeah and and this is that's why understanding human behavior is. So important exactly.

Then they said they said to me "Well. Then what's going to happen. Then you're going to see it swing the other way.". He said "We're going to go ape fascist for a while and.

Then we're going to and. Then the pendulum's going to swing where everybody's going crazy and ironically the reign of. Donald. Trump will actually be the rebirth of critical thinking the catalyst right.

We all need this. So many people some people need the pendulum to swing really far whereas others all right. With a little you know that's that was my point is because of his approach his his unique form of demagoguery he pushed people all the way to an extreme there's only one way the pendulum can swing after that all the way the other way true right. And now both sides are doing the same thing disinformation spinning the whole nine yards and what and and what does that force the people in here to do they have to think correct they have to look.

For they have to test the data because you can't trust the science you can't trust the media you can't trust social media. So what do we do we fact check everything welcome to the rebirth of critical thinking absolutely and that's that's what's going to certainly get us out of this in terms of a new level of consciousness is for people to actually think for themselves become more self-aware and start to make more conscious decisions and that was one of the things that. Martha. Arts really drove home is that at the end of the day the only one that can save you is you amen and when you were saying though that basically your spiritual muscle is what's going to change your physical state.

I found that to be quite powerful. So if your spiritual strength is there and you're all in no. Quit and that's why when you look. At the deeper more advanced practices in the martial arts they're almost always in regard to spirit or mental training like when the the the.

Japanese tradition. I think it's called misogi where they will they'll go and they'll meditate under an ice cold waterfall for hours right. To train the it's a spiritual training exercise mind over body there are certain esoteric systems of. Chinese martial arts where.

First you learn the physical. Then you let learn the energetic and. Then you learn the spiritual because in some practices in the martial arts they actually invite spirits in to take over your body to fight and if you can sense that you can actually exercise the spirit in the bad guy and he drops like a puppet to the ground because what was animating him is no. Longer it's it's it's again whether whether you believe in that stuff or not there are many traditions where in the.

BWA traditions especially where this is actually how it works you get the physical you get the energetic and. Then you get the n this the shenong or the spiritual practices which are designed to be able to let you fight evil or heal in the physical the energetic or the spiritual realms right. Which in essence makes it sort of critical for life is what. I'm saying as in martial arts is not just a hobby for some certain type of person to do i genuinely believe it's actually something that everybody benefits from in terms of self-awareness not being a to use your words because we certainly are in an age where for whatever reason strength or self-awareness or ability to you know have any form of self-direction is frowned upon now that's looked at as aggressive or toxic or whatever right.

So it's like well no. Actually it's about it's the the warrior in the garden right. And the right. To say and believe you know you know.

I have a right. To be offensive just as a just as much as a person has a right. To be offended yeah true and and and that's the whole point and if ladies and gentlemen we could just learn that that would be wonderful right. But again it's it's again there's there's certain biases inherent in human nervous systems that that make that that logical way of thinking really hard for people because emotion gets in the way belief systems get in the way the way the world should be vision you know the the the concept you know we talk about we look.

At. NLP right. We talk about all these different filters that we have right. I.

I take all that chaos of filters that you see on those charts and. I just divide it into. I just take the the brain divided into two sections the way the world is the way the world's supposed to be right. And the information we get from the vibrational universe is the way the world is and.

Then eventually what we deal with is the way the world's supposed to be the sooner we can get we can make those two match up as more clearly the more power we're going to exert in the world. But we all operate from a this map of the way the world's supposed to be well you'll never make the world the way it's you want it to be until you're able to accept it the way it is to align with truth that's exactly. Yeah the the more you resist it the more you're going to get. Yeah the that that disappointment of what you think it's supposed to be and and you're going to go more and more off track that's amazing david um final question unfortunately before you can tell people where to find you um what do in in your eyes.

What does it actually mean to be human like what are we even doing here what does being human mean oh man to be human is to be a student to learn from everything to to you know there. I forget who it was that said the the un the unexplored life the the un contemplated life isn't worth living. But remember each and every one of us whether you agree with me or not this is my belief system. So even though it's you can embrace it um every every single one of us came here to become more of who we're capable of.

And we chose a body and we chose parents and we chose a time and we chose circumstances that were designed to give us the opportunities to transcend limitations and step into that evolved self that we're all struggling to be that that thing that drives us forward that keep that's in the back of our minds or in our hearts every now and. Then that says there's more to what. I came here to do i'm here for something important what is it and. So and in the dowist systems they call it a golden path or returning to your original face and at the end of the day we're here to to learn we're here to learn sometimes it's learning things we didn't know sometimes it's learning learning to let go of things we thought we knew you know um learning goes both directions and at the end of the day if you want to get over your just ask "What did this have to teach me what did.

I learn from this what what good things can. I take away from what happened to me?". Because there's always something most important question yeah and even if you don't see it now keep going keep asking you'll eventually find it or it'll find you and. I'll.

I'll. I'll leave. I'll leave you with this another one of my. Davidisms that.

I always. I always tell my students and. I. I talk about on a lot of my videos is the quality of your life will be determined by the quality of the questions that you ask if you want a better life you want better results ask better questions perfectly said.

David where can people find you and your work and sign up for your courses check out some of those amazing healing modalities you know self-changing modalities belief shifting modalities you know you've got it all. So. Oh thank you. So much for and thank you for inviting me uh this has been fun and again.

I could. I could again talk for hours about this yeah this went by like this. So. But the best way to find me uh you go to if my my new website is david snidernlp.com that's david sniderernnlp.com all one word davidnne snidernlp.com uh if you have questions about upcoming trainings and events there is an events page which has our calendar on there you can also if you have questions about one-on-one trainings uh coaching programs um things like that you can reach out to my administrative goddess.

Stephanie. Ska at 858-282-4663 that's 858-282-4663 one more time with feeling 858-2824663 and. Finally if you're on the fence say "I don't know about this guy he's not wearing a vest today go check out our. YouTube channel.

David. Snder. NLP at. YouTube we've got over almost 300 videos on everything from uh dating and attraction to healing trauma emergency medical pain relief manifestation pick something that resonates with you and just jump down the rabbit hole and they're all amazing and that'll also all be linked below in the show notes for everyone and.

David. I also just want to acknowledge you i'm glad that you answered the call to from the universe and that you actually. So many of you here i. I.

I can't. I can't explain it any other way now the people who are watching this are wondering what the hell happened before the show. So you'll have to hang out maybe she'll give you a little outtake reel. Later on yeah exactly good hook.

All right. Thanks. So much. David all right.

Melissa take care have a great day.
