Title: tCSnzvfgPhk.txt
Video Id: tCSnzvfgPhk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCSnzvfgPhk

Uh yeah certified instructor and combat. Systema. Cinco mono. Escrima modernis.

I've got more energy healing credentials than. McDonald's sells hamburgers. I've been a. Reiki master teacher uh since the early 90s uh since uh before.

Reiki was even cool. I've been a hundred practitioner and a. Kabbalah practitioner since before. Madonna ever heard of uh.

Kabbalah. So. I'm very much a prima donna. Advanced.

DNA. Theta healing. Bankston energy and of course. I'm working on my doctorate in medical.

Qigong now when people especially first-timers see me talking about this stuff they often say dude what's up with that what what does any of this have to do with influence persuasion well it's what these things have in common that makes them relevant okay. And that's pattern recognition you see patterns are everything human beings are pattern driven creatures everything we do from the way we think to the way we talk to the way we move has a structure and a pattern to it and if you have the ability to recognize these patterns you can use them to influence people pretty much to do whatever you want them to do uh and and. Then some and that's what we're going to start talking to you about tonight is we're going to talk to you about certain patterns that are. Universal to human beings and if we understand these processes we can use them to get a predictable result and we can do it in an ethical and effective way.

So when people ask me what does all these things have in common pattern recognition what does pattern recognition have to do with human influence pretty much everything right. Pretty much everything. So let's jump in uh like. I said is this class for you well if you can answer yes.

To any of the following questions uh you're in the right. Place. So go ahead if you if this applies to you type it in the chat how many of you by a show of hands or show of me that's me in the chat would like to be more if you stay until the end of this webinar. I'm going to teach you the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone to like love trust and.

Obey you that you've ever seen and you'll you'll do it in such a way that people will actually like you and love you more for it it's amazing how powerful this is right. Um how to have people hanging on your every word it's. So it's. So simple to get people.

So hooked into you that um they won't leave you alone. So your problem won't be attracting people or connecting with people your problem will be actually getting them to go away. So we'll have to show you in the in killer influence how to do that we actually do that we teach you how to make people go away how to sell how to have people salivating to do what you want them to do right. Uh how to control your emotions and remove resistance to your influence and.

Finally we're going to give you the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum persuasion and transformation in minimum time. So if you're ready. I want to go ahead and start off with a simple question let me go back to my picture here how many of you by a show of thumbs up or a raised hand or that's me in the chat how many of you would like to be up to 30 percent better at everything go ahead and type that in the chat raise your hand type that in the chat cool all right. So excellent here's what we're going to do.

I'm going to tell you how it works and. Then we're going to play with it a little bit would that be okay. You want to be 31 oh. Mike is.

Mike is obviously a veteran he knows what's coming and that's okay. All right. So here's what we're gonna do now we're gonna go do we're gonna the secret to doing this is to be as playful as humanly possible as easy going don't take yourself seriously that kind of in fact when you come to killer influence in. June we'll talk about that when you come to our killer influence our.

CPI trainings or even identity by. Design one of the. First things that we have to do is we have to remove the. I'm too.

I'm too serious about my life stick out of our butts. So one of the. First things that. I do at the seminars is.

I have people stand up. I look. At. I haven't looked at the people meeting to the right.

Immediately to their left stick out their hand and go and. I have them do it for like a minute if you if you've experienced that in the seminar type. I did that in the chat can he just in case at least. I did that.

Bert. I did yeah right. You laugh the biggest challenge to being effective at influence is taking yourself too seriously seriously it's the kiss of death right. Now the reason.

I do. I. I do that with my group for two reasons one to get them over the hump of being made yeah thank you. Omar of being afraid of actually approaching or being made a fun of or whatever the.

Second is to prove that as a hypnotist. I can in fact get you to do something you don't want to do right. So obviously. I can't um.

I can't make you raspberry each other we actually call it the raspberry drill in our tally sheets right. I can't make you do that today. But if. I could.

I would. So we're going to do something almost as good. I want you all if you're driving by the way um and you want to participate in this exercise um pull off to the side of the road put the car in park turn the ignition off put the emergency brake on make sure a cop's not going to come over and tap on your window uh and follow along if you're wonderful if you're if you're listening to this webinar and you're driving if. I'm asking you to do drills please wait for the replay or or or go someplace where it's safe for you to do these drills.

I because again we work with altering. States. Of. Consciousness in this drill and teaching you how to control your psycho-emotional state.

So we don't want you focused uh you know being distracted by something when you're driving or operating heavy machinery or anything that requires your full and undivided attention. Okay. So for my sake for your sake. I want you to participate.

But if it puts you in any kind of danger to do. So wait until the replay okay. I'm not. I'm not that adamant to get you into.

Planet. David that. I want you dead right. Is it me or did it go dark.

I think it's you because none of the lighting's changed here. Roland okay. Um. Anyway.

So here's what. I want you to do. I want you to stand up and. I want you to close your eyes.

And. I want you to think or remember a time in your life when you felt one of two things either absolutely playful or the most powerful amazing pleasure imaginable now. I'm not going to ask you what the pleasure was. So.

I don't care how many. La how many state lines you crossed how many laws you broke. But substances were involved. I don't care all.

I care about is when you tap into that memory you tap into that experience it's the best feeling ever. So if you can do playful do playful if you want to do pleasure do pleasure both will give us the mental state that we need and they're often connected. So you get you get a you get a double whammy there. So here's what we're gonna do.

I want you to close your eye. I want you to stand up. First of all. I want you to close your eyes.

And. I want you to remember that time when you were absolutely 100 playful or feeling the most intense pleasure ever. I want you to close your eyes. I want you to notice something that there's a oh let's start with this notice imagine what it might be like imagine if you're back in that memory what might you see when you're in that place and what might you hear and what might you smell and what might you taste because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of being absolutely fun and playful or absolute pleasure or both and.

I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body or those amazing feelings start where they grow and where they spread from take a moment and point to where you feel it as you look. At that space with your inner eyes. I'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings just notice for yourself what color of colors that might be for you. First impression and now whatever that color is.

I want you to imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head. I'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of playfulness of fun of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating and protecting you from all bummers all downers all seriousness real or imagined well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants and everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited.

Supply when you know you've got that take a moment breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully sow completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true testing try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead now take a moment just really be in that state for a moment be in that feeling and when you're satisfied and only when you're satisfied stop testing and absorb yourself in it just dissolve in it and. Then when you're ready allow your eyes.

To open and type what you experienced in the chat foreign says yellow. Joy. Tatiana says excellent now here's here's why we do this on. First of all in the field of.

Hostage negotiation arguably. Next to maybe dating and pickup one of the most uh challenging field is hostage negotiation what the. FBI and behavioral analysis unit discovered is that when the hostage negotiator entered into a negotiation with a bad guy and they were playful and easy going and and more laid back they were 31 percent more perceptive 31 percent more intelligent 31 percent more adaptable. But even most importantly and this is really germane to tonight's webinar their counterpart the hostage taker was up to 31 more compliant now think about how often you get yeses in your life versus how many times you hear the word no.

What if 31 more of the people you interacted with told you yes. To what you wanted what would that do for your life type in the chat what that would do for you joyful enthusiastic okay. Feed my personal power more money absolutely that would be awesome right. Okay.

So here's the deal that's actually one of the the aside from the actual verbal techniques. I'm going to share with you tonight this is one of the single most powerful ways to up your closing rate when. I say close rate. I'm talking about getting a yes.

Getting somebody to want to do what you want them to do than actually doing it if you approach every single interaction in a playful easy going pleasure-based state people's mirror neurons will pick it up they will it will radiate that energy in their body they will feel it too and they will become more connected to you right. I'm going to show you uh in a few moments. I'm going to show you what we call the universal persuasion protocol this is a map that teaches you how to exert influence anytime anywhere under any circumstances regardless of context. But one of the.

First things it teaches you it shows it tells you to do after you know what you want to achieve is control your state right. Now we devote almost an entire day and a half sometimes to. State control training in our live. Workshop.

So we obviously. I don't have that kind of time. So. I had to give you something quick and easy that you can do right.

The moment you tap into this playful fun energy you radiate that out into the world and people's defenses go down people become more open to you people become more willing to be approached and you become more approachable right. So again when ladies talk to me about why guys never seen right. All the wrong guys seem to come up to them it's a lot of time it's because they're signaling in approachability right. So this is a really it seems like a little tiny drill it's something you should be doing three four five six times a day because the other side of that is the more pleasure you generate in your body the more body feelings of that are analogous to pleasure the more oxytocin your system secretes now why are we talking about hormones and neuropeptides and endorphins and stuff like that it's because oxytocin is known as the bonding hormone okay.

When people when a mother is with a holding a child she's her system is flooded with oxytocin yes. Kenny that's why we give chocolate at all the seminars because it's the aside from avocados which are not nearly as cool as chocolate um chocolate seems to have the highest level of naturally occurring oxytocin. Kenny's eating some now just awaiting our prompt well done. I've obviously trained you well my stallion right.

Um. But the other thing is that oxytocin if enough of it is secreted in the body generate a state we call neuroplasticity now what does that mean neuroplasticity is a term that talks about the speed and ease with which your brain creates new neurological. Connections in other words how fast you learn or in some cases unlearned stuff. So if you've got habits you want to get rid of and you want to accelerate that that process generate tremendous amounts of pleasure in your body.

First we call it oxytocin loading generate tremendous amounts of oxytocin in your system and. Then engage in whatever retraining you want to do because oxytocin has the ability to soften up past programming it's like melting the wax of a candle and letting it reform in a new pattern right. That's the best way. I can.

I can really explain what oxyto what enough oxytocin in the system will do one of the ways you can generate your own oxytocin is three ways right. First one chocolate or avocados. Second one lots of hugs for like 20 minutes at a time or ready for it 20 to 30 minutes of machine gun intense orgasms right. Now obviously logistically machine gun orgasms are not something we can do on a webinar although.

I do have a class for that um. But oxytocin and generating pleasure. Sensations laughter will do it as well um these are all things that will amplify the oxytocin in your system and not only will it make you more approachable it'll not only will it make the people you interact with more compliant to you it will actually cause you to learn and transform faster. So is that useful type in the chat if you think that's useful excellent okay.

So not that. I want you to go out and binge on chocolate dark chocolate is probably best naturally uh you know more organic dark chocolates are probably going to be healthiest. But uh. But again this is one of the reasons why we've done this we've done this for almost almost 20 years now and we we've always as long as we've been doing meetups and stuff like that we've always handed out uh chocolates and and coffee for people uh because it actually accelerates learning and there was actually a study.

I posted in my. Mastermind group that it's proven that this stuff actually does increase your intelligence right. Jacob says. I'm trying to influence my girlfriend into the orgasms.

I told her she could learn more uh yes. Jim we do have a see that the minute. I talk about it nobody wants to talk about persuasion anymore. I knew.

I shouldn't have said anything. But yeah it's called it's called. Uh sensuality enhancement. Erotic.

Hypnosis made easy all right. So let's get back to influence and persuasion. But to understand why. I spend.

So much time now on getting your state in control because one of the things that you're going to be learning as you go through the techniques today is how to create body feelings in other people. But we're going to do that we're going to give you the experience of it starting with you right. So the. First thing we do is we want to control our state the.

Next thing we do is we want to get. Rapport and. Then we want to use our language to amplify that emotional connection and get inside a person's psyche and their hearts and emotions does that make sense. So.

Tatiana is asking why is my hold on a. Second things are going by really fast. David why is my happy feeling is it my happy feeling is in the same place in my body where. I'd point to when.

I'm spinning or um because many times there's different vibrational frequencies that can be in the same area. So it's not uncommon a lot of times uh the things that make us feel good the heart is a repository for long-term memories. So if you have a negative memory it can be locked in the heart as well right. Next to a positive one right.

And it's really about the sorting system or the search engine that you're using right. In fact one of the things uh when we do some of our other healing workshops we'll show you a lot of times people will point to their heart because it's this not only is it the source of. Joy it's also the resource that the repository for a lot of long-term memories it's either in the heart or it's in the solar plexus is where you see a lot of that. So don't worry about it it's a it's a big space and it's vibrational.

So you have lots of uh lots of storage right. Okay. So how many of you would like to learn the secret back door into the human nervous system that leads to. Unstoppable influence and maximum attention focusing.

Connection in minimum time would that be useful okay. So the. Next technique we're going to talk about is one of my absolute favorites it's the simplest and easiest to deploy and if you apply this technique. I promise you your life will change okay.

Um. So what we're going to do real quick is uh just. So. I can concentrate a little bit.

I'm gonna. I have to jump out of this when the the chat window and. I'm going to go up and. I'm going to unshare my.

I'm going to reshare it because. I need to give you a different window and yeah there we go okay. So what you're seeing here. I don't know if.

I can let me just jump out of this okay. So what you're seeing here is a. Technique we call the echo technique this is a technique that is based on and. LP kind of was the.

First one to really discover this principle that. I know of um. But also other systems have discovered the phenomena too now uh if you look. At.

I think it's ariely's work on cognitive biases you'll hear you hear about a bias called the um the self-generation bias if you look. At. David. Grove's work on clean language you'll you'll be you'll see a version of this if you look.

At um. Alexander penland's research on honest signals from. Stanford you will find uh that this phenomena arises as well. So what does this mean anything the neurology generates the neurology accepts.

So the takeaway for this is the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the ones that just came out of their mouth if we call this in our world we call this the echo technique and the reason for that is because it's it it tells you exactly what you want to be doing right. So there's a lot of. Neuroscience that supports this now back in the in the in the early days of. NLP it was just something we observed right.

But here's a key takeaway for this human beings never never resist themselves anything the human the human nervous system generates the human nervous system accepts okay. So when you use a person's very own words with them they can't not pay attention and the reason for that is they're moving through the world projecting a checklist if you will of themselves out into the world and looking for the people who match one of the fastest most powerful ways to. Signal a match is to give them their very own words back to them okay. Um before.

I jump into the all the reasons why we do this does anybody have questions about this of what. I've talked about. So far yes. Give them their words back to them.

Kenny no. Questions we're good to go all right. So why do we want to use this hey it will literally force a person a person's neurology to pay attention to you how many of you by a show of hands in the chat have ever been at a party and maybe there's a lot going on it's noisy and you're on one side of the room and there's people on the other side of the room and somebody across the room mentions your name to somebody else and from across the room you go hello right. How many have ever done that how did that work why does that work it's because you have two levels arguably more.

But for simplicity's sake you have two levels to your awareness you have your focus of attention and you have your unconscious attention you're other than conscious mind the part of you that controls your heartbeat that controls your lungs that keeps your your hormones balanced is constantly scanning the environment for anything that is potentially relevant to you and. So even though you're you're a deep conversation over here and you're talking about this and that the moment your unconscious mind detects anything that's related to you it pings you right. It draws your attention to it you've all been in situations or circumstances a party uh maybe a a dance club or a wedding reception where you're you're doing something and and if you feel something on the back of your neck and you look. Around behind you and all of a sudden you see somebody staring at you either with good intent or not.

So good intent right. Same idea your proprioceptive neurology that part of you that's constantly aware of the spatial relationships between you and everything else is constantly scanning that environment looking for anything that it thinks is important now how does it how does it determine if things are important well it's either something that signals friend or pleasure or or uh. Danger right. So when you start to use the echo technique even if you don't do it well you will neurologically force a person to pay attention to you and remember saying can you not influence that person across of course you can of course you can we train you how to do that right.

But we're we're at the the you know we're at the kindergarten level that. So people can the mass majority of people can go out and make changes. So. But the best part about the echo technique is you have to remember that human beings have filters to their awareness they have filters to the data that they can consciously process and when people speak the words that come out of their mouth this is important the words that come out of their mouth are a key to lock fit to every filter need and value that they have.

So when you go and give them their exact words back to them they feel instantly heard validated understood and approved of think about that for a moment what would it be like if you talk to somebody and every time you have we're in a conversation with this person they made you feel like you were the most important person in the world what would that what would that be like what would you do for that person type it in the chat anything right. And that's again the power and the danger of the echo technique okay. First and foremost this is not new age hamambo jumbo it's not pseudos this is neuroscience now this is the. Neurology of it right.

If you use it it will work now a couple of things. I want to give you. I'm going to give you some other reasons why we want to use this. I'll give and.

I'll do a little brief one-on-one you know. David doing to you know being uh split personality from home. So you can see what this sounds like in application. But um there's two ways you can think about the echo technique you can think about it like a persuasion trick and if you deliver it congruently it will still work.

But. I want you to think of the echo technique now as your normal go-to way of moving through the world every time you meet someone. I want you to just instinctively. Echo something about what they say or do.

I like words better than gestures because they're they're easier to track and you don't look. Weird doing it okay. And. I want you to to come from the place and we teach you this in killer influence.

I want you to come from a place of absolute sincerity and a sincere desire to connect and understand the person you're doing this with not to. But with and what happens is when you do it that way even if they realize you're repeating their words back to them it will not matter because the worst that can happen is. I say why are you repeating everything. I say all you got to do is look.

At them and from the the place of true sincerity say. I just want to make sure that. I understand you and communicate to you that. I understand what you're saying is that okay.

Now if they say no. You've got bigger problems. Kenny says. So every time we meet new people it's a good idea to develop the habit of echoing them.

So they feel better yes. Yeah here's the secret to this do this on people again don't take this in a negative way do this with people who don't actually matter and what do. I mean by everyone matters okay. Let's let's be honest everybody has value.

But here's the thing if you. J the best way to practice this is to move through the world making everyone you meet feel really really good just for having met you okay. And. Then when when you're in front of people who need you need something from or to do something for you you have you'll have practiced this.

So many times and be. So congruent with it it'll just go it'll just become a natural part of your speaking the fast the more reps you get with this the more powerfully you'll integrated into your everyday. Mormon speaking now. I'm going to tell you right.

Up front it's going to feel weird when you start doing this okay. It's called the spotlight effect the spotlight effect is that feeling of self-consciousness we experience any time we deviate from something that's not intuitive for us it's like we're wearing somebody else's clothes or we're doing a script and because of the projection phenomena that human beings have we think that because we know we're doing something different from what we would normally do that everybody else is going to perceive it too and that is completely false human beings are tremendously tremendously selfish creatures and that's something that you can use to take to the bank or to find the right. Kind of people okay. It's not selfishness is not a bad thing if it's managed right.

You just have to find people who manage it better than others does that make sense right. Cool all right. So some of the benefits of the echo technique once again um is it can it can literally hold on a. Second all right.

Um it's uh by the way how many of you hate small talk this was one of my biggest things is because um. I. I'm if if. I'm surrounded by people that are talking about things.

I'm interested in man. I'll just talk my head off right. But if you're around people that you have nothing in common with you don't know from. Adam boy conversations can be painful true not true not true yeah the beautiful part one of the neurological effects or side effects of using the echo technique with another human being is what we call the self-disclosure phenomena what happens is when a person starts receiving their very own words back to them they start talking more they feel safe they feel comfortable they feel validated and who are they looking at when all those feelings come up they're looking at you guess who gets connected to all those feelings does that make sense that this again that's the.

Second reason to do this right. Um um it sends powerful here's here's another thing the echo technique sends powerful signals of sameness to the person you're talking to. So not only are they hearing their own words back not only are they feeling heard understood connected and validated they start to think oh they're just like me and if someone that's called the idea that's called the self-generation bias or the identification principle when people start to feel that you are like them the bonding accelerates the barriers to intimacy and. Trust go down intimacy comes up trust comes up connection goes up and they will fight to keep your attention they will fight to keep you as part of their life in whatever context you're you're interacting with them would that be useful type it in chat okay.

One technique plus playfulness equals this think about it all right. That's two right. So again it matches every filter they have it signals validation trust and connection it makes them feel you're just like them it primes them to keep talking and that's the beauty of it because the longer they talk the more attractive you become and when. I say attractive.

I mean in terms of trust or poor physical or romantic attraction um you name it they just go up it's not uncommon for people to to be on the if we have we have a protocol called three magic questions which we may get to today um depending on on what your questions are where you want to go um that teaches you how to go from complete stranger to boring on the verge of falling in love in as little as 20 minutes if you can. Echo their words properly pay attention to their non-verbal cues and just have them keep talking okay. It's it's that powerful okay. So when we um we when we train this we have a specific formula that we teach people.

So because it's a webinar and. I don't have time to give you the full five-day training. I'm going to give you what. I call the sample platter okay.

And. I'm just going to move you through each of the different things as much as possible um we got like three or four more drills that we're going to do and. Then if it's okay. With you uh.

I'd like to share with you some programs. I've put together to help you learn this material better is that fair would that be okay. Type in the chat okay. Cool all right.

So what. I'm going to share with you now is called the master. Echo sequence. So for babies and.

I don't mean to call you babies. But for people who are brand new to our. Technologies it's good enough it's good enough to just use their words that come out of their mouth as often as you can for people who want to actually become agents of influence human influence technologists or technicians as. I like to call them we have a.

Next. Level algorithm that we use it's a simple there's five or six steps to it it's things you do that you build the echo we call this the master. Echo sequence okay. So the master.

Echo sequence is very very simple let me make sure. I can fit this on the screen good all right. And the way the way this works is you ask a question you pay attention to the response that you get you validate what they said and. Then you ask another question okay.

So let's let me let me repeat that three more times. So you can write it down or if you want to take a screenshot you can you ask a question you pay attention you validate their response you. Echo their words you ask another question one more time with feeling ask a question pay attention to the response validate the response that you get. Echo their words ask another question now you often hear me you'll have to.

You'll often hear me say it like this ask the question pay attention validate. Echo ask again it's the same thing right. Every whenever you don't know what to say where every whenever you don't know where to go. Next in a conversation repeat the.

Last thing they said and. Then either wait or ask a question it's really that simple you'll net if you follow this formula you will never ever run out of things to say again you will be people that you meet people that you meet will literally think you are the most fascinating person they've ever met and 85 or more percent of the conversation they're they're carrying this takes. So much pressure off of you to be cool to find the right. Thing to say to you know to be witty or charming if you are those things great this will only help you.

But if you're someone who's you know maybe in need of some remedial social skills or or you know you're a bookworm or you spend a lot of time around. Tech where you don't have to deal with people because you know technology doesn't really call you names or it does fight back. I have noticed that. But uh.

But the idea here is how to take your skills to the. Next level and this this thing it gives this particular technique combined with your state control is some of the biggest most powerful persuasion amplifiers imaginable now um back in the early days um. I had. I saw.

I have a huge uh rep uh curriculum or not curriculum uh resume martial arts resume. I was a professional martial artist for many many years in fact. I'm contemplating getting back into the game um. But.

I got to get back into my fight and wait if you know what. I mean um. But. I'm starting.

I'm thinking about starting to teach again especially now that. I'm doing a lot of the energetic medicine be that as it may when. I had my school in. Coral.

Springs. Florida people would call me up it was my school was called. Coral. Springs martial arts academy.

Then we changed it to. David. Snyder's. Street defense.

Institute we were in. Coral. Springs. Florida and this was how.

I got 80 or more percent of my people to show up. I'm actually lowballing it most of them showed up when we used this process. But every now and. Then.

I forgot to use it and they didn't show up. So. I'm telling you right. Now if you use this process people are going to show up would it be useful to have more people showing up in your life that you actually want show up for sure right.

So here's what it sounded like. I'll give you a brief demo. Then we're going to go into the. Next piece which is taking it builds on the playfulness it builds on the echo technique and.

Then we're going to jump right. Into a person's heart find their heartstrings and play some notes and we're going to show you how to put it all together into a powerful. Unstoppable uh persuasion engine okay. So it's not it sounds something.

I don't have a. I'll use my. I'll just. I'll just pretend all right.

So ring ring. Coral. Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can.

I help you oh hey. David my name is. Bernice and. I saw your sign and.

I was looking. I was interested in karate lessons for my 10 year old son. Josh oh hey. Bernice thanks for calling until you saw our sign and you were interested in karate lessons for your 10 year old son.

Josh yeah yeah don't laugh that's what they do yeah yeah. I saw your sign and uh you know. Josh is a great kid uh and he's really smart. But he's um he's a little small for his age and because he's.

So smart uh his teachers have moved him up a grade and. I'm afraid that the because he's a little bit smaller that that the kids might pick on him a little bit and. I'd heard that martial arts was a great way for for kids to develop focus and concentration and discipline and. I was just wondering do you have anything like that for for a 10 year old a 10 year old boy hey.

Bernice. So let me let me see if. I understand you correctly. So uh you saw our sign and you're looking for a karate lessons for your 10 year old son.

Josh and you say he's a good kid uh and he's really smart um. But he's a little small and his teachers are moving him up a grade and you're afraid the bigger kids might might pick on him a little bit. Yeah. David is can you help me absolutely for centuries the martial arts have been a powerful way for small people like.

Josh to develop the skills to protect themselves. But not just that to develop the confidence and the focus and the concentration that allow them to excel in life now we have a program specifically for kids like. Josh in his age group where they're going to learn how to protect themselves from people who are bigger than them how to devote focus and concentration uh and and really have that confidence to move through the world and be their best versions of themselves. I have a.

CL we have a three-day trial class it's two uh it's one private class and two groups as it comes with a free uniform and. I have. I have an opening today at 5 30 or. I have one tomorrow at 5 45 which would be easier for you and.

Josh to come in and try a class out um let me think you know maybe maybe tomorrow because 5 45 he can get home from school he can do his homework he can he can eat his dinner and. Then uh he'll he'll his plate will be clear and and we can we can come and we can we can try things out great. I'm going to pencil you in you and. Josh for tomorrow at 5 45 and uh we'll be prepared to get him on the fast track to become the best version of himself and have a lot of fun doing it.

Bernice it's been great talking to you do you have any other questions uh before before we hang up no. David. I think um. I think that's it.

I'm. So excited thank you. So much for your time you have you have a great day. Bernice take care click okay.

Aside from me getting my phones mixed up feedback what did what did you notice about the interaction total. Echo right. How much of what again obviously. I'm doing both sides.

But how much of my my verbiage as the proprietor of a martial arts school was original right. That's what it's like now. I'll tell you right. Now eight to nine eighty to ninety percent of the people that.

I did that with showed up continually right. And you know that little thing where. I said yeah that's exactly what they do when when you talk to people and you give them especially in that context and you give them their exact words back they think this guy's brilliant he knew exactly what. I wanted right.

It signals understanding right. And the barriers drop. So if you if you want to apply the master. Echo format.

Bernice felt acceptance for herself and her son absolutely she felt completely safe with me because she heard exactly what she wanted to hear what did she want to hear exactly what came out of her mouth exactly what came out of her mouth that's what it looks like in application if you want to see what this looks like in people who are testing me go to my. YouTube channel when you get a chance type go to some of the early early videos where. I'm teaching this and you'll see people challenging me from the audience and. I'm literally using the echo technique on them while they're challenging me and they don't catch it they don't catch it okay.

I did this at spycraft when. I was co-teaching with. Chase use guy stood up started challenging me and. I'm and you hear if when we release the videos you hear the entire audience is cracking up he can't figure out why because.

I'm echoing everything he's saying and he's arguing about the echo technique. Lisa says. I'm autistic and your advice has really helped me communicate with people that. I'm listening to fantastically.

So that is exactly why. I do this to help people um. I had a gentleman. I had an autistic gentleman who came to our face reading class and after the face reading class he came up to me and he said thank you.

So much for this class because now. I actually can begin to understand what. I'm seeing in people um when. I talk to them right.

This this. Echo technique is exactly like that it allows you to simultaneously understand people better pay attention to them more fully and make them feel important. Lisa says. I remember that class it was amazing absolutely okay.

So that's the echo technique now we're going to take it further right. How many of you would like to literally have people salivating to do what you want them to do just whatever product or service you have uh whatever relationship you want what would it be like to have them salivating to to work or be with you in that context would that be useful okay. So what we're going to talk about. Next um comes in two flavors how many people here would like to be more motivated to do anything yes.

No. Okay. Me me good. I got your attention.

So what we're about to do together now as a class is called the emotional motivation checklist let me repeat that the emotional motivation checklist now the reason we call it the emotional motivation checklist is because this particular version of this process is for you it's to use on yourself. But it gives you an experience of what the person you're going to be using it with is like right. We when we use this with other people like for technically for me because. I'm doing it with you.

I'm using what we call the emotional bonding checklist because you're going to be using it on yourself it's now the emotional motivation checklist the process is almost exactly the same the difference is is that when. I start to utilize this with you it's going to bond you very powerfully at a deep level to me and what. I'm offering you and that's what you came to learn how to do true or not true type in the chat true or not true okay. Best way to understand how to do it is to have it done right.

So before you go rushing to buy everything let's experience the emotional bonding checklist or in your case the emotional motivation checklist this is something that if you are if you are into law of attraction if you need to get your energy marshaled or your resources focused on a goal this will do it faster than anything else okay. For those of you who are interested. I'll be doing a 45 minute uh talk tomorrow for the best you. Global.

Summit called the ultimate sales formula how to sell things to anyone anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason this is going to be a big part of it because once you understand this this is the heart and the soul of everything human beings do you've often heard me say in other trainings that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less up if you've heard me say that type it in the chat if you've never heard it before go ahead and and say that. So. I know who. I'm dealing with right.

Perfect excellent when you do this it's going to generate in the client if you do it right. It's going to generate some of the most powerful body feelings imaginable positive or negative right. And. Then again and because we can generate these powerful feelings we can now manage them wait let's practice the echo when we answer okay.

So let me let me share my screen really quick we're going to take this in stages. So for this exercise now you've got to participate if you want to experience it and understand the power of this. I need you to do what. I tell you to do is that fair are you willing to do what.

I tell you to do to have the experience and get the benefits okay. Okay. Very good. So get out a piece of paper and a pencil.

I would prefer a piece of paper and a pencil or pen and a pencil or pen and paper because when you kinesthetically write things out it activates more of your brain right. In fact one of the ways that we teach hypnotic language at killer influence which you'll learn um. January 20th through the 24th if you when you show up is to write hypnotic language because you can't listen to hypnotic language and learn it it overwhelms your brain and you forget what you just heard. But if you write it you retain it.

So on a piece of paper. I want you to write something for me when you enrolled in this webinar when you signed up for the webinar there was something you wanted to be able to do it was something you wanted to be able to do. I want you to write at the top of that page what you want to be able to do as a byproduct of this training just go ahead write it what you want to be able to do as a byproduct of this training and when you are done type done in the chat excellent. Natalia says done.

Kenny says done perfect now underneath that statement. I'm going to ask you to write another question what is it and uh you can you can think of it one of the two ways we'll start we'll go with the basic one what's it going to do for you and what's important to you about it. So underneath this the the question you just wrote. I want you to write the following question what's it going to do for me and what's important about it and.

I want you to answer that question take a minute write out the answer use the exact words that pop up in your head this is really important what's it going to do for me what's important about it and when you're done type done in the chat excellent perfect now under that think of this as like section c. I want you to write the question what's important about that. So look. At the answer to the following the previous question of what it's going to do for you and what's important about it and if you got those things right.

If if you got the technique to get that result and you've got that result in the way that's appropriate and measurable for you what's important about that what's it going to allow you to do or feel or. Express just what's that going to do for you what's important about that write that answer out done perfect and. I want you to do it one more time underneath the answer to that question. I want you to write out ultimately if you had that what would that do for you or allow you to experience pay attention to the answer and the feelings you have as the answer comes up and when you're done just type final at the end.

So. I know you're at the end of the sequence excellent very good all right. So now just for those of you who like a little bit more comprehensiveness and to show you. I'm not holding back here's pretty much a copy of what you just did.

So if you want to take a screenshot of it it's not exactly verbatim. But it's close this is called the emotional motivation checklist. So go ahead take a screenshot of it because what we're going to do. Next is going to be really powerful and when you're done type done in the chat okay.

Good all right. So here's the exercise now. I want you to take your piece of paper. I'll use this.

I want you to take your piece of paper. I want you to hold it at about a 45 degree angle to your head and. I want you to read the only the answers to those quests to those four questions out loud five times in other words if if uh. I ask what's important about that.

I'll. I'll be. I'll be able to make more money. So.

I can enjoy my life better what's important about that. So. I can have more freedom uh what's important about that freedom. I'll be able to do whatever.

I want to do just repeat those answers verbatim five times out loud and when you've done that type done in the chat perfect. So here's my question for you remember what you felt like before you started writing remember what you felt while you were writing and now remember what you felt after speaking the answers to those questions out loud and tell me and write down the sequence bad girl okay. We got some weirdness going on here how many people noticed how many people noticed strong emotions when you repeated those words out loud. Lisa says calm read five times now my heart is racing in flush and my neural network is on fire very good uncertainty and more confident yeah it made me feel more real.

I noticed strong emotions before. I read it out loud yep okay. Now the reason this works. I'll explain after the.

Next piece right. So for those of you who are ready to take it further. I have some programs that. I'd like to share with you to show you how to level up with this are you guys ready for that is that can.

I show you that now good all right. So uh bear with. I switched screens yet again okay. So this is where we're at and for those of you who are ready hold on a.

Second wire here we go um with your permission. I'd like to talk to you about the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion home study program right. This is a program that.

I put together for people who are basically stuck at home for people who want to amplify and be more effective in their life to get the things they want the way that they want it by their standards and their and their intentions expectations and it's designed to teach you how to become a master of human influence right. From the comfort of your own home with me as your guide with me as your teacher and this particular program is all about getting more from you the life that you want getting more yeses uh getting more fun more freedom more power more confidence uh the ability to help more people making more money closing more deals getting more dates helping more people feeling more confident and. Powerful it's about truly winning the game of life and becoming more. Charming charismatic and irresistible on the way um.

So here's what. I put together now this offers good for today. June 8th 2023 at 11 59. PM it expires um our our call our our administrative goddess.

Stephanie is standing by uh our. Holly and our our pet. Bigelow and our on our. Henry.

Krause and a bunch of our team are monitoring chats and communication lines. So if you have questions or issues we can help you with that. But this does expire as of 11 59 pm tonight. So um the clock is ticking.

But we have until 11 59. PM. Pacific time. I should imagine okay.

So here's what you're going to get this is a set you get 17 videos that teach you the seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol this is a six step formula three of which you've just learned by the way you've learned three of those steps. Natalia says help me land my dream job excellent and what we're going to do is we're going to teach you how to think like a master of influence professional persuaders agents of change and transformation they think differently they look. At the world through a different set of lenses we're going to teach you how that works.

So you can apply it to your life and move through the world naturally wielding more influence as a byproduct of the training okay. If you're tired of being at effect in your life if you want to be more of the causal agent be more in control of your destiny it starts with how you think about the world around you and the people in it okay. So we're going to teach you three aspects one is called the eye identity model which is all about you. I2 which is all about personality profiling and behavioral profiling and.

I3 is all about influence you're going to learn all about these things and why they matter it's a 297 value and we're going to share that with you right. From the get-go we're going to teach you the keys to controlling your psycho emotional state at will and. On. Demand.

So no. One else can do it to you without your permission ever again this is all about learning how to be in control the most important person in the world to you that's you we divide uh. State control training into two very two modules one is called physiological. State.

Control what you do with your body and. Then the site on volitional or willpower based. State control or cognitive. State control which is what you do with your mind and you have to learn the physiology.

First before before you can effectively use the psychology and this is again one of the most important modules because without the ability to control your state you are at the mercy of your environment you're at the whim or mercy of anybody who knows how to get under your skin in and you have apps and you're at the mercy of whatever. Rapport and connection that you generate. But if you understand how to enter and exit any psychomotional state at will nobody can knock you off your game for more than a. Second ever again and you'll get back to it instantly this is worth its weight in gold we should be charging 2979 97 just for that because it's.

So important we are the only people teaching this level of. State. Control at this level. So if you want to get a a leg up this is going to do it for you it's a 297 value.

But we're not going to stop there we're also going to teach you some of the most powerful. Rapport getting skills on the planet now most people like an. NLP and things like that they're going to teach you how to copy someone's gestures or you know and for most people those things are like trying to walk and chew gum at the same time they can work. But there's a lot involved we're going to show you three categories of report what they're useful for how they work and the simplest most effective way to employ them at will anytime anywhere.

But we're not going to stop there we're actually going to combine your state control training with your power. Rapport skills. So that you can literally sync up with another person's neurology kind of like your. Bluetooth syncs up with your your car and transmit feelings and emotions back and forth.

So not only can you send information you can tap into another person's body and find out what they're feeling. So you know how to deal with them and move yourself through states that allow you to influence them and we talked about mirror neurons and how uh when you're in a joyful playful. State you emanate that and a person's mirror neurons pick them up and they go into a similar. State we're going to show you how to tap into that phenomena and make it accessible to you on demand as one of the most powerful covert invisible uncatchable persuasion amplifiers on the planet okay.

And we actually teach you how to test it okay. If you saw my if you saw my video on. YouTube called uh empathic superpowers you actually see one of the bridging drills one of the tests that we use where we literally sync up with another person's nervous system and we transmit emotions back and we actually well that's just the physical test the extensions are transmitting emotions back and forth. So you see we do this right.

We've done this through. Zoom we've done this with people across the planet with the cameras off you'll learn how to do it too it's a 297 value and it amplifies everything else that came before it. Then we're going to teach you the seven most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns that exist let me ask you a question. I want you to use your imagination from imagine what your life could be like if you had seven superpowers on top of what.

I just talked about seven discrete superpowers the ability to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your subjects what could you do with a power like that even if those things have absolutely nothing in common you can make anything you point out cause something else in their mind right. What if you had the power to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your subject even if those things had absolutely nothing to do with each other in other words you can make anything you want mean anything right. That's super power number two superpower number three what if you have the ability to powerfully and directly influence a person's focus of awareness and cause their mind to pay attention only to the things you wanted them to pay attention to to the exclusion of everything else and on top of that trigger their subconscious mind to automatically run any program you can describe what could you do with a power like that right. That's super power three and four.

But it's one pattern that does it okay. What if you have the ability to force a person's internal mind movies without coercion without. Force without deceit to be exactly what you describe in an absolutely compelling way with zero chance of being misunderstood or misinterpreted what would that do for your ability to get what you want imagine it for a moment okay. That's just part of what you're going to be learning in the hypnotic language patterns module okay.

When you're typing exactly the same. Jacob you get it to work exactly the same way in typing that you do in speaking it's lit any place where language is involved and doesn't even have to be. English most of these patterns work okay. It's that powerful and it's that.

Universal. But it's a great question thank you for asking that. So 297 value as you can see just from how. I've described it and.

I'm under describing what these things can do just. So you know um it's worth way more than 297 dollars. I'm going to teach you once you've done all that how to manage the emotional states of others how to tap into their emotions figure out where they're at decide for yourself where you want them to be and systematically move them through processes that result in them becoming in the emotional state that you need them to be in. So they'll do what you want them to do because it's their own idea to do it right.

It's a 297 value we're going to teach you how to tap into and utilize somebody's own personal. Behavior code how many of you remember um a movie called uh. Star. Trek.

The. Wrath of. Khan you guys remember that okay. It's an old movie all right.

But in that movie. Kirk and and con are faced off and and. Khan has completely decimated the. Enterprise and.

So. Kirk pulls a trick he has. Spock secretly access what he calls the prefix code it's an anti-hijack device installed in every. Starship that allows the good guys to take over the bad guys ship and make it do what you want every human being has a prefix code for every.

Behavior that they engage in and it's hidden in the structure of their words. I'm going to teach you in no. Uncertain terms how to identify that code and feed it back to people. So that they automatically do what you want them to do and they'll love you for it and they'll think it's their idea would that be useful type in the chat if you think that's useful are you interested there we go okay.

We've got some people. I think you're in trance it's okay. So. Then.

Finally we're going to teach you a little bit we'll go even deeper into what we've talked about today how to emotionally. Bond anyone's deepest desires to get them to do what you want them to do you felt a tiny bit of it today right. We're going to go even deeper it's a 297 value. But as you can see it can change your whole life we're also going to include a 240 page killer influence mind control.

Manifesto this is uh the actual manual that we use in our live killer influence trainings and it has not only the seven stages of the universal persuasion protocol it has modules on. Advanced proxemic hypnotic operators um social hypnotic operators how to detect lies how to uh use meta programs these are all different aspects of the human nervous system that can be delivered in normal everyday conversations and interactions that are impossible to detect and cause it amplifies everything we've talked about even more proxemic hypnotic operators are the ability to manage the spatial orientations or relationships between you and other people simple things that you wouldn't even think about that don't rely on language for example standing on somebody's non-dominant side will cause them to like you more than if you stand on their non-dominant side sitting at the head of a table will cause you to be given more. Authority than if you sit at the in the middle of the table or at the uh on a diagonal to the table these are things that have nothing to do with language. But are powerful amplifiers to your ability to exude and exert more.

Authority and. Rapport and connection with the people around you and you can't get caught right. So the entire minute was just chock full of some of the most powerful persuasion and influence modifiers and amplifiers on the planet okay. It's a 418 value we're going to include this for you absolutely free you're also going to get access we'll talk about this very shortly to an online community with more than 210 active members okay.

So think about what. I've talked about and realize we're not even close to done total value would be 2 497 dollars. But as you can probably guess because. I like to give a lot of stuff away we're going to include if you grab your course right.

Now today we're going to include these special bonuses. First one is called. Weapons of. Mass instruction one of the most powerful uh.

Global influences of our tools of mass influence on the planet is the. Art and. Science of story and metaphor um for many years. I would hear over and over and over again that stories were the most powerful persuasion tool on the planet and every time.

I would go to a class on storytelling all. I would get would be things like the heroes. Journey or confusing ericksonian metaphors and. I realized that if.

I was gonna learn if. I was gonna learn how to fully tap into the power of. Storytelling and metaphor. I was gonna have to create it and and.

So. I did and. I went in a very different place. I looked at what corporations were doing.

I looked at what the neuroscience and the social psychologies uh studies were doing uh with regard to persuasion and influence and. I can condensed it all into six modules that comprise one of the most powerful trainings on how to use story to influence people to do what you want them to do anytime anywhere under any circumstances. So let me give you just a brief rundown of the modules the. First one we're going to talk about is the.

Neuroscience of. Storytelling house how stories affect us on a neurological level why they work and why you want to be using them right. We're going to talk about stories for connection one of the most powerful ways to connect with people is through story. So we'll give you templates that you can follow things that you can do in a line at.

Starbucks at the line at the movie theater little short vignettes that have a hook. And a boomer would call a boomerang that just allow people to bond very very quickly and they're usually humorous little anecdotes. But this is one of the most powerful ice breaking tools and if you use it in conjunction with a three magic questions protocol it's just um off the charts powerful now we're going to talk about. Alpha stories now.

Alpha stories are the types of stories that most of us are familiar with if you've ever gone to a motivational speaker or you've read. Chicken. Soup for the. Soul um or a corporate retreat and they're they're doing all these things to unders you know to motivate and inspire you and get you to to rush to do something get out and sell more or whatever these are called.

Alpha stories. Alpha stories are stories that have a persuasion amplification effect they give more push to the persuasion right. Um this is the and. But there's also another kind of story it's called an.

Omega story. Omega stories are based on something called. Omega strategies nah. So let me um.

I'll say. I accidentally muted myself um. So let me let me kind of explain a little bit the difference between an alpha story and an. Omega story.

So if you imagine. I have a big old filing cabinet like right. Here right. And it's loaded with like phone books or files or whatever and.

I need to push this thing across the room and. I'm by myself right. Well if. I push and it and there's too much friction there's too much weight.

I get extra people to help me push and now. I can push the filing cabinet across the room that's an alpha story right. And they're very powerful and they're useful in many different contexts everything from team building to therapy to dating to. I mean they're very very powerful.

But there's another kind of story that doesn't work by amplifying persuasion push they work by eliminating and reducing resistance to the ideas in the story we call these. Omega stories or. Omega strategies. So in an alpha story or an alpha system strategy.

I'm going to push the filing cabinet and. I'm going to get more and more people to help me push. So. I'm adding more amplitude more energy to the message an omega-story.

I have myself. I have the fine cabinet and maybe. I get some rollers or. I get a dolly or.

I put oil on the floor and now because. I've resolved and reduced the friction. I can now move the filing cabinet myself very very easily because. I've eliminated the resistance to the training.

Omega stories work even when the person hearing the story is diametrically opposed to the theory the principles or the morals embedded in it it will still soften statistic science it will still soften and create compromise in a person now there's certain neurological there's certain characteristics that stories have to have to maximize the neurological impact on a person's nervous system there's six there's five or six of them we teach you step by step what those are we give you a checklist. So that you can actually test your story and rate it based on its transportability quotient which is one of the phenomenals we look. For we'll talk about identification principle which is another way of saying self-generation bias which we mentioned at the beginning of this webinar to create these irresistible stories and. Then.

Finally one of the most powerful things about story is its ability to transform to transfer other persuasion techniques. So um how many people here have ever let me let me open up the the chat how many people here have ever saw the movie. Terminator right. So the very.

First. Terminator you'll remember that when they when they traveled through time right. And they traveled through time they could only send human beings because nothing in our only organic stuff would go through right. So how did the machines beat that they wrapped the machine in living skin organic tissue and now the machine was able to pass through the portal just like a human stories have the ability to insert other persuasion techniques into the minds and hearts of other people and in we call these ninja stories right.

And there's about. I think seven to twelve of them everything from embedded commands analog marking semantic priming uh behavioral priming uh nested. Loops these are all things that you can embed within a powerful story that amplify modify and install programs into the minds of your listener if you've ever ever been to a seminar with. Tony.

Robbins uh t harvicker [Music] um. Dr uh. Joe dispenza um or any of those people this is what they're doing to you okay. This is what they're doing they're actually using stories and hypnotic constructs as a way to.

Prime you to take certain actions against certain behaviors right. I'm not going to pass judgment on that they help a lot of people right. Weapons of mass instruction is going to teach you step by step how to do exactly what they do from a storytelling perspective it's going to teach you all of the techniques that you can embed that's what weapons and it's all about getting people to rush to the back of the room to raise their hand to either enroll in your business become captivated by you inspired by you um buy your book. Become a client your coaching you know coaching clients whatever that's what this is for okay.

It's a 1997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you one of the. Next few people that to grab your your product before the end of the program okay. So once again uh total combined value everything we've talked about. So far is 4 487 dollars if you grab it now okay.

We're also going to include though how many of you have ever been told no. And didn't have a good answer for it how many of you have ever had a limiting belief that's kept you from taking an action or something or you've had a client who had a limiting belief that stopped you dead in their tracks what if for every objection that you encountered every argument you were in every limiting belief that held you back you had 14 different ways to absolutely and utterly destroy it in seconds what could you do with a power like that what couldn't you do with a power like that that's what this. Next bonus is all about. Renegade reframing is all about how to overcome any objection or change any belief during normal conversations in seconds we're going to give you 14 specific patterns that when you apply them to any objection any argument any belief it instantly disrupts the pattern remember somebody was asking earlier how do you disrupt a pattern and install a new suggestion each of these 14 patterns will do exactly that and allow you to install a new perspective on the subject that allows people and makes people want to take the actions you want them to take this is what you use if you screw up the universal persuasion protocol if you get the emotional bonding checklist wrong you hit them with one of these patterns you.

Echo their words and they're back on track they're back on track it's really really powerful and these patterns will and when you apply them to yourself you can't go back to thinking the same way about your limiting patterns ever again we do this in our in our coaching classes all the time. Alana says hey everyone learn these skills help me and. I am now. OMS.

Health competition which is for a veteran charity cause help me support okay. All right. Um let's let's. I appreciate the uh the charity there.

But let's focus okay. Anyway um. So that's what we've got um it's bonus number two it's a 1997 value and by the way this particular uh training comes with a card game it's called the reframe game uh it's in the back of the manual you you print these out you cut them up and you can actually practice like little drinking games and stuff where somebody spits out a belief you throw a card at them and they got to use that reframe pattern to overcome the objection right. Uh it's really really um really good okay.

Uh. So two total value is six thousand four hundred eighty four dollars if you register before the end of the webinar uh we have hypnotic presentation skills remember. I talked earlier about teaching you step by step how guys like. Tony.

Robbins and. Mark. Victor. Hansen and uh.

T harvecker and. Dr. Joe do things from the stage this is the course that pulls back all of the curtains it will teach you two forms of presentation one for small groups and one for large groups it'll allow you to easily and naturally influence large groups of people to rush to the back of the room we'll teach you how to hold a microphone how to engineer a talk that subliminally primes and programs people to take the. Next step with you and want to do it uh if for no.

Other there's the reason to get this is for no. Other reason is to learn what other people are doing to you. So you can protect yourself from it and again it's based on having the the killer influence system. First and.

Then this uh it also covers how to take the content that you create and use things like. YouTube or. Instagram to create powerful content for your your subscribers as well. So we teach you that as well and it also reviews the uh the ninja module stories or ninja star modules okay.

Uh. So 1997 value once again we're going to give this to you absolutely free uh it's an 8 481 value when you register before the end of the webinar. So let's look. At what we got right.

So you get the 17 video seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol valued at two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars you get the. First bonus which is. Weapons of.

Mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling. Secrets recorded live plus the manual it's a 1997 value you get a copy of renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief during normal conversation in seconds. So 1997 value and. Then you get the.

Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers it's a 1997 value all these come with manuals uh and about 20 to 30 hours of training. So there's a lot of training here okay. Total value if you do the math and wanted to buy them individually which some of these you can't they're not actually on our website you can only get them uh through this webinar uh it's 8 481 dollars. But obviously.

I want today because you spent time with me and you're you're doing the drills and getting the skills. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible. I want you to have zero excuses for doing this. I want you to get off your butt get in the game and get everything you want the way you want it.

So for today only. I'm not you're not going to pay eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars you're not even going to pay six thousand four hundred eighty one or five thousand three hundred forty seven or three three four seven hell you're not even going to pay 23.40 that's 100 less than just the the the regular price of the persuasion course for those of you who are truly ready to level up we're ready to do the drills and get the skills to hear more yeses to get more of the things you told me you wanted if you truly feel you deserve it you can get it all for a low one-time installment of just 9.97 that's it or if you need a little extra help you can reach out to. Stephanie at 858-282-4663 or. Stephanie nlpower.com and break that up into three easy installments of just 397. all you got to do to get started now is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go it's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go now for those of you who are on our.

Last webinar you may have noticed something there's an extra discount here our regular. Last time we made this offer it was 1497 bucks this is a uh we've decided for today to give you the original webinar special which is 997 you get all the courses. I've just outlined and if you need a little extra help for those of you who said hey. I need a little extra help we can break that up into three easy installments of just 397. all you got to do to get yours right.

Now is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o go now before all the slots are gone um for those of you who are maybe on the fence or like well you know this is my. First time in. Planet. David.

I haven't had a chance to to. Really test a lot of these things out in the real world how. I know that really work for me right. For everyone who grabs their course today we're going to give you a unconditional 100 60-day money-back guarantee if you're not satisfied with the program if you're not on the fast track to making more money closing more deals reaching your.

Financial. Freedom feeling more secure and confident winning in. Social encounters and moving through the world from very a much more empowered place if you're not seeing the yeses that you want to see or hearing the yeses you want to hear if you're not satisfied in any way if in fact if we're not over delivering on what we're promising here if you're not satisfied all you got to do is pick up the phone send us an email and we will give you a 100 refund you have absolutely zero risk if this doesn't work for you we don't want your investment we don't want your tuition. But.

I know it will if you actually apply it because it's work for everybody who has used it right. Don't take my word for it listen to the read what the people in the in the chats who've been using this stuff for a while have to say about it it's a 100 satisfaction guarantee and if it's not working for you and we can't help you get you know over your sticking points we'll refund every time right. So get yours now just go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go go right. Now www.killerinfluence.com forward slash.

Geo remember he who hesitates is lost as they say right. There's a more earthy um cliche. I used to use. But.

I don't want to offend anybody um. But uh the late. Ed. Parker used to say he who hesitates meditates in a horizontal position right.

So go right. Now get your course let's get on the fast track to becoming masters of persuade and influence let me guide you step by step through the. Art and. Science of human influence.

So that the one word you never hear unless you want to is no. Right. So if you haven't given up click that link right. Now www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go now if this wasn't amazing enough already if.

I haven't titillated you enough one of the things that. I've found in people is that the people who take actions get the gold the people who get to a something. First often get the most. I've also learned from my.

Behavioral. Studies that the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced and. I want you to get on the fast track to doing the behaviors that lead to success. So for you fast action takers if you grab your course before tonight.

June 8th 2023 11 59 pm we're going to give you the following special fast action bonuses. First and foremost we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program this is a.

Hands-On live virtual training that we do on the. Third. Saturday of every month you literally come in um at 11. A.M on.

Saturday and. I go around the chats and. I say hey what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today what are you learning and. I write them on the board.

I look. At where they all connect and for the. Next four and a half to six hours. I drill the entire group on those exact skills until they can do them in their sleep you will not get a certificate from the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program what you will get is the opportunity to get. Hands-On training real world feedback and work with tons of like-minded people just like you who only want to get better and be able to talk to people about this stuff without people looking at them like their witches or warlocks or whatever okay. It's a really really special place and we cover everything from energetics to influence to attraction to marketing to spiritual spiritual spirituality therapy trauma resolution you name it we talk about it it involves mind energy or.

Mind. Body energies we do it now the best part about this aside from the. Hands-On training and being part of a community of hundreds of people all wanting to work and get better is we've recorded we've run this program for 11 years straight we started in. October of 2010 we have video recorded every single session of those monthly meetings since 2010 as a charter member of the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program you will have an unlimited access to the entire 11-year archive video footage on everything from energy to influence to therapy to trauma resolution to manifestation accelerated learning dating and attraction. Law of. Attraction psychic skills you name it okay.

Um stuff that's never been seen on. YouTube never been seen on. Facebook. You can binge watch it for the entire three months that you're in the program and if at the end of three months you decide you love it which most people do we'll show you how to how to continue your membership okay.

It's a 1597 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free just for being one of the. First people to raise their hand and grab your program before the before the bonuses go away now these fast action bonuses are only good while. I'm physically present on the webinar. So when.

I log off right. Um these bonuses go away the other stuff is available until 11 59 pm tonight. But these fast action bonuses uh they go away when. I log off.

So if you want to be part of the part of the party grab your course now right. We're also going to include for those of you who want to get started right. Now we're going to give you a copy a bonus copy of our stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course now stealth is an acronym it stands for strategic suggestions who emotionally. Amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis this is one of the fastest learn it now hypnotized people tomorrow programs we've ever put out it comes with a ton of free bonus videos on instant inductions the most powerful language patterns that exist lie detection uh.

Criterion value solicitation um it has manuals it has transcripts it has. PowerPoints uh we're going to give this to you free there's only you only need to watch two videos like we're about 45 minutes each and you'll be able to use these hypnotic language patterns instantly out in the real world there's another two hour video we'll teach you five or six instant induction if you want to go out and start hypnotizing people overtly we'll show you how to do that they're all included as part of this training program it's a 997 dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free for raising your hand and saying. Hey. I want more from life.

I want to get started right. Now total combined value is 11 075 dollars. But we're not done yet hold on to your hats because for the. First 21 people to register today.

I'm going to include a free. VIP ticket to our. Next killer influence 2023 secrets of covert hypnosis five-day hypnotic persuasion certification boot camp it's going to be here in. San.

Diego. June 20th through the 24th in that you will cover every single thing that we've talked about in the persuasion protocols you'll learn how to instantly and rapidly connect with other human beings how to think like a master of influence you learn the seven most powerful language patterns that exist control your psycho-emotional state. So nobody else can do it ever again transmit your body feelings and your emotions into other people. So it primes them to think the way you want them to think and.

Then close that circuit with your language. So everything. Wells up inside of them like it's their own idea how to emotionally. Bond people to your product or service how to break the con break the ice in normal conversation go from stranger to.

Intimacy in as little as 20 minutes how to remove resistance to any form of persuasion or any task you want somebody to do even if they told you they didn't want to do it we're going to teach you about proxemic hypnotic operators how to use the spatial relationships between yourself and others to maximize your impact on them how to use meta programs these are context-free filters that people have in their heads that come out in their speech. So if you can recognize it and match their filters it's like that prefix code we talked about where people will just start to think the way you want them to think and process the information in your communication the way you want them to process it and they'll tend to do what you want by default we'll teach you uh how to simple lie detection skills there's even a course called. DRT dirty rotten tricks these are what we call gray hat persuasion tactics that you can pull out in cases where you might need a little extra. Mojo we're going to talk about 90.

Second persuasion and pro on behavioral profiling how to look. At somebody how the way they're dressed how the way they talk their jewelry their facial. Express their facial expressions and their facial markings and create a powerful psychological profile that you can use to gain maximum influence on them in the shortest amount of time possible this there's all that and even more that we're going to cover in this five-day event it is a. Hands-On training is some of the most fun you can have with your clothes on we'll talk about a four horse four horsemen of irresistible hypnotic influence.

Authority attractivity affinity and acquiescence these are for macro categories of you and influence that once you mash them people will automatically want to do what you ask them to do they'll feel compelled to do it and they'll want to please you because of it um if you want to learn how to manage attraction and generate attraction in other people be perceived as attractive we're going to show you how to do that that's all part of this training on top of the seven most powerful language patterns that exist and. So much more. So this is a great time this is a prerequisite for many of our more advanced teachings like vibrational influence or um the. NLP classes that we teach the certification classes that we teach and remember killer influence was named the number one.

NLP training program in the world three years in a row okay. So by all means grab your course now it's a 3150 value if you try to get in at the doors 31.50 for those of you that are ready to level up to be in a room with me and a bunch of highly motivated other people just like you for five solid days this is yours grab your grab your course right. Now total combined value for our entire program today the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion home study course 14 225 value all you gotta do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go before.

I log off the webinar and we'll give you the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course and that. VIP super ticket to the five-day killer influence certification boot camp live here in.

San. Diego. So once again let's review secrets of human influence um hold on a. Second secret to human influence home study course 2497 value.

Weapons of. Mass instruction 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free. Renegade reframing 1997 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you. Charisma and conversion 1997 value we're going to give that to you free.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program 1597 value we're going to give that to you for free you're gonna get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course 997 dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and to put the cherry on the. Sunday to make sure you not only learn these skills. But you embody these skills if you can do them anytime anywhere under any situation or circumstance for any reason we're going to include for you the three the free.

VIP super ticket five-day certification boot camp live here in. San. Diego. California.

June 20th to the 24th now the best part about our. VIP tickets is they don't expire. So let's say you grab your course today. But it's too short a notice you can't get to.

San. Diego on the 20th that's fine all you have to do is pick up the phone or or send. Stephanie an email we will move you to the. Next killer influence training let's say you can't make the training.

But you have a friend who does you have this. VIP ticket you can gift them the. VIP ticket and they can come in place of you not everybody's optimal choice. But hey.

But let's say something happens at the. Last minute like maybe you're planning on coming something comes up at the. Last minute and now you can't attend well congratulations all you got to do is pick up the phone give. Stephanie a call we will move you to another training you don't lose this ticket until you use this ticket now let's say you you you're planning on not coming it's too close to work uh there's too many things going on maybe travels a little too too expensive.

But all of a sudden something happens at the. Last minute where now you've got the money you've got the time you can get to the training. But it's sold out it's full if you have one of these. VIP super tickets we will make a seat for you at the training nobody gets turned away all we ask is that you let us know you're coming okay.

If we decide to raise the price six months from now and you have one of these. VIP tickets you don't pay a dime extra you don't pay anything because you have a. VIP ticket whatever the price is your price is guaranteed you get to walk in for free okay. Um there are not many good they're not they're not a lot of deals better than that all you got to do to get yours right.

Now and. I really really really really really really really really really really recommend that you do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go right. Now www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go.

So while you're doing that remember you get it all for one low investment of 9.97 do the math 997 or three easy installments of just 397. right. If you tried to buy all this individually it would cost you pardon me my. French out the butt for that 14 225 value yours for just 9.97 break it up into three installments just let. Stephanie know you need a payment plan and we'll take care of you.

Stephanie is our administrative goddess. Holly is is uh her close. Second uh. Brandon and.

Henry are in the background. Seth is out there somewhere. So they're all helping you in any way that they can um. I do recommend that if you do call.

Stephanie at 858-282-4663 that if you get her voicemail you leave a message because if you leave a message and contact information. Then you will qualify for bonuses if you do not leave a contact information and you call the. Next day you will not qualify for any bonuses. So if you call keep in mind that the lines will be busy okay.

Leave a message we will get back to you within 24 hours if not sooner to get you taken care of if you buy your product right. Now and you have a question on how to access it pick up the phone give. Stephanie a call or send her an email we'll walk you through the process of getting access to your account you can start downloading and streaming and viewing that stuff right. Now all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go now we're going to take a seven minute intermission while.

I use the restroom when. I come back we are going to pick up where we left off we're going to start building on the foundations we laid in the. First part of our webinar and we're going to continue to teach for another half hour 45 minutes whatever it is. So that um we we give you more stuff now the other thing that.

I want you to understand some people mention. I have a course if you are a customer of. Planet. David and you have one or more of the the products listed in this bonus package we will let you substitute other programs of an equal alerts of value.

So let's say uh you have weapons of mass construction well that's okay. Go into our catalog find another course that has the same price or lower let. Stephanie know we'll swap it out for you we'll let you customize the package as long as the prices are the same because that messes with our bookkeeping okay. All you got to do to get that ball rolling is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's.

HTTP colon backslash www.killerinfluence .com forward slash. Geo. I know the links are in there. But.

I just wanted to feel like. I actually am doing something to help promote. So. I'm going to go ahead and take a seven minute break we're going to come back at six oh three and we're going to circle back and we're going to continue to teach and we're going to customize the remainder of this webinar to exactly the things you want to know about exactly the things you want to learn about will help you troubleshoot some stuff it's our free it's our play time okay.

Click this link. I'll see you in seven minutes www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go we'll see in a little bit. So um. I got done with my break a little early.

I know some of you are still on break or processing your orders with. Stephanie and that's fine. But if you have any questions uh pertaining to what we've covered. So far or about the package or about the training um when would now be a good time to type your questions in the chat foreign apparently my link was not correct.

Mike says are we coming back to. Dallas um it's entirely possible uh our the face reading class was a huge success. I literally taught 10 days uh worth of material um in three. So you guys congratulations on how rapidly you assimilated a lot of that.

But yeah uh. But probably not till sometime in 2024 if we come back what else you got any other questions and antron's saying normally see uh your webinar on. YouTube. But.

I did not get a notification that is true um. First of all we were late in getting the notifications out to the. YouTube channel the other thing was is um we were having some technical issues uh with regards to our streaming software um and specifically how it was uh cooperating with the cameras and. So.

I made it. I made a executive decision not to risk crashing the whole webinar. So. I could stream to.

YouTube um uh we'll be working on uh getting the bugs out um. Next week. So the. Next time we do a webinar we'll also be streaming once again uh to.

YouTube what. I may do is. I. I if the video from this particular webinar is is good.

I'll post the replay on the. YouTube channel. But. I'll do it as a.

Premiere and. I'll actually be live in the chat during the webinar. So people have questions uh. I can answer them.

I have to find. I have a. I have another event to do tomorrow. So.

I'm not sure if. I'll be able to do it today or wait till the weekend to do it. So um. But that's kind of what happened all right.

So here's my question for the free for you guys what do you want to learn. Next what do you want to know about this is your now this is again. I've shown you what to do to level up your skills now let's troubleshoot let's let's build on the foundations let me do this really quick let's build on the foundations that we laid uh at the beginning of the webinar what do you want to be able to do do. I feel like.

AI will dominate. The copywriting. Arena yes. And no.

I think as. AI gets smarter it'll become more human which is terrifying in and of itself. But no. I don't think.

I don't think. AI will fully ever replace human copywriters for a very if for a very long time if at all now if you have no. Talent. OR understanding of human beings uh.

Then. AI is probably the way to go if you're not willing to hire somebody who actually knows how to write good copy um. But in terms of getting deep psychological input into what people's triggers are and how to really reach inside them. I think you're going to need a human for that for a very long time.

I really do right. Omar wants to know how to lead interactions. So. Omar tell me what that means to you when you talk about how to lead an interaction um give me a context or give me uh an example how to better tee up ideas.

Natalia what does that mean sweetie here's the secret the better the question the better the seminar right. A lot of. I. I love to answer questions.

But the more. I know about what you want and and there's three areas that people normally want to cover let me just kind of prime the pump a little bit and. I'll answer whatever questions you want remember today's class is about influence. So a lot of people usually want to know more about the emotional bonding checklist sometimes they want to know how to remove resistance to persuasion sometimes people want to know how to generate intense emotional connections bordering on love and attraction.

So those three are on the table persuasion how to get by and partial biome before the idea um okay. Persuasion is not my forte um can we talk about something. I teach although they are good books by the way and there's a lot of stuff that overlaps it's just not it's just not my focus okay. So.

Omar's saying. So let's say. I approached an individual a potential customer someone. I'm interested in dating usually it feels like.

I'm just throwing conversations conversational dice before. I get too close to ask for the day okay. So remember that when we talk let me go back to um let me re-share something. So if we're talking about attraction.

Then what we want to begin to do is we want to generate a sequence of states okay. So let me go to where is it okay. All right. So.

Omar's question was about attraction uh. So let's talk about three magic questions and how that relates three magic questions is all about how to make people like trust and even love you in as little as 20 minutes or less now three magic questions is a conversational framework that allows two or more people who are strangers to rapidly generate a pleasurable stimulating conversation that triggers deep levels of emotional uh attraction trust and bonding to use the the three magic questions we're gonna we're going to use the master. Echo sequence. I'm going to make this just a little bit smaller.

So it fits on the screen okay. So we always use the master. Echo sequence what's the master. Echo sequence you ask a question you pay attention you validate you.

Echo ask again now because this is about attraction now let's talk about this really quickly three magic questions was originally designed for women to use with men to do two things simultaneously. First was to trigger attraction. Second it was to trigger enhanced self-disclosure for the purpose of gathering information about the person. So the woman could make an informed decision about whether this person was a fit for her or a hell no.

Or something in between right. When. I got my hands on this protocol. I modified it.

So it could be used by either gender when some of my students got a hold of it they modified it. So it could be used in business in depositions jury selection uh therapy client relationships there is no. Place at this part even though we're talking about attraction context there is no. Place that this protocol doesn't work.

So. I want to be very very clear unless we you know these people always talk about attraction. I got. I got to make sales this will if you do this at a networking function people will be calling you all hours of the day and night because you'll be the most fascinating person they've ever met that.

I have never met anyone like you and you you won't be a mystery went to ask for the date or when to ask for the meeting or whatever okay. Does that make sense if you're with me. So far type it in the chat okay. Cool all right.

So remember that this protocol uses the echo technique. So get really good at the echo technique and. Then integrate it into this now three magic questions is a code it's a code that stands for three levels of question okay. So the.

First level of question is called location occasion what is location occasion about it's all when we do location occasion we're always asking. Jesus this is really big um we're asking superficial questions about the venue or the subject's reason for being there. So when human beings are moving through the world they can be in a in in one of several. States they can be internally focused in their head making pictures or making movies or thinking about anything inside right.

This is where most of us spend most of our time they can be externally focused they can be out of their head paying attention to what's going on around them right. They can be associated or they can be dissociated what does that mean. Associated means if you're ever if you ever like play a. First person video game and you're seeing it like us through your own eyes.

That's an. Associated perspective that's where you tend to feel things most intensely you tend to be most present okay. Dissociated is like you're watching yourself on it like. I'm like right.

Now. I'm looking at the screen and. I'm seeing myself on that screen okay. That's a dissociated perspective right.

So people are either going to move through the world either internal. Associated or internal dissociated or they're going to be external dissociated or external associating the three magic questions protocol has one or the level one questions have one purpose only this is important it's to get them out of their head and into the world focused on you the set the the state is called external dissociation okay. So how do you do this it's really simple you ask questions that relate hold on a. Second.

I see a typo you ask questions that relate to why they're there or who they're with. So you might say hey. I'm curious what do you think of the drink specials here tonight right. Or you might say.

I'm curious if you're on like a wedding reception what do you think of the band what do you think of um the centerpiece right. Right. So level one questions and pretty much all the questions are always open-ended. So when you're doing this process you never ask a question that can be answered yes.

Or no. Right. The moment you ask a question that can be answered yes. Or no.

The conversation stops especially if they're strangers okay. You always ask questions that require the person you're asking to give you an explanation an opinion or a story. I'll give you a really quick um example um. I just got back.

I just the reason. I've been away for a while. I've been in. Australia for the.

Last almost three and a half weeks right. And one of the things that happens a lot of times when you're on an airplane is you wind up sitting. Next to people who are bored and who who uh who just want to strike up conversations with you that you don't necessarily want to talk to. So.

I'm on my way home from. Australia and there's a gentleman sitting. Next to me who is into all things. Forestry and.

So every now and. Then. I just want to field test my stuff make sure. I'm still uh.

I'm still relevant. So uh just uh for the sake of it. I just hit him with the three magic questions. Pro.

I asked him why he was here and what he was up to and from there. I just kept asking questions validate paying attention validating echoing and asking again he talked. Non-Stop almost the entire flight until he fell asleep right. I didn't say 10 words he never got my name.

I knew about his kids. I knew about. I knew about his life. I knew how you know where he worked and.

I almost knew. I actually almost knew how much he made he gave it to me right. Why because. I started with a superficial non-threatening question.

I asked the question. I paid attention. I validated his response. I echoed his words.

I asked another question okay. So once again when you start to do this process always try to get something that requires explanation opinion or story use the echo technique as much as you can through the entire process and you will start to see indicators of. Interest trust and attraction being generated spontaneously very very quickly okay. So um we'll talk about softening um softeners are ways to lubricate the conversation.

So it doesn't sound like an interrogation. So let's say for example uh let me uh let me put the big picture back up okay. So let's say we're talking about what do you. I'm at a wedding reception.

I'm going to approach someone say. So. I'm curious what do you think of the band right. I can see.

I can go up to him and just say hey what do you think of the band or. I could say. So. I was wondering what do you think of the band or.

I'm curious what do you think of the centerpiece right. So one of the things that you want to be very very uh close attention to when you're doing this out in the real world is that you soften it a softener is basically a little phrase that you put in front of what you're doing you're about to say that basically explains to them this is why. I'm about to tell you what. I'm about to tell you okay.

So again your level one questions are always superficial they're about the venue or the subject's reason for being there and you ask them in an open-ended way. So uh this is one of my favorite stories one of my students came to one of my attraction meetups one time and. I was teaching the three magic questions protocol and he went out that night to. I think the local sports bar or some kind of.

Club he walked up to a lady he thought was attractive and he said hey. I'm curious what are the drink specials tonight and he did the echo validated. Echo ask again process and they are now married um. So this is a really really powerful process um several years ago.

I was teaching a killer influence training and. I had no. Less than five personal injury attorneys show up one of whom became one of our top students he took. Over 80 pages of notes and uh started using this process in jury selection and started winning seven and eight figure verdicts left and right.

He beat. Boeing he beat. General. Motors and just won these really really powerful verdicts by making everyone on the jury panel absolutely love them right.

And there's a whole there's a whole psychology behind it. But it was basically this process um level two questions before. I go on to level two questions let me um go back really quick and ask if you have any questions about level one is there a list of softeners. I can refer to uh we teach them in killer influence.

So if you've got the um if you've got the courses or you get the manuals there should be a list of softeners in there some of the ones that you can use or. I was wondering. I'm curious let me ask you this um just. So.

I understand you better these are all really good ones. I want you to understand how they work you can make up tons of them on your own okay. Does that help yeah the manual helps right. There in fact there's a lot of stuff in the manual we didn't talk about because there's just too much to talk there's too much in the manual compared to what we have time to we just overwhelm you with everything that the manual is worth its weight in gold really is when we.

First created it it was the size of a old school. Yellow. Pages right. And it was mostly bullet points.

So yeah um any other questions about level one of three and. Magic questions okay. Brad is saying in the. Last couple weeks.

I've had two different women ask for my help one is diagnosed depression and wants to be happy the other has diagnosed. PTSD and has been through the list of help the. First. I'm telling giving her a referral to get from her doctor in a.

Second says she has done this. So many things she thinks she can choose things to do on her own and have several. I filled them both there's no. Guarantee.

But they both believe it might be the answer advice um okay. First and foremost um not an influence question. But. Brad if this person is is.

So sure that they know what to do um that's a control issue right. If this person actually knew how to fix their problem they wouldn't be sitting in your chair right. So. I would re-evaluate them as clients and.

Then refer them out right. Because. I have a feeling you're going to have nothing. But problems with that client that's just my my intuition on that okay.

Omar says. So the idea of level one questions is to get them out of their heads and grab their attention that's it and to do it and this is this is important and to do it in a non oops. I want to say. I muted myself yes.

To get their attention in a non-threatening way. But to do yeah to do it in a non-threatening way okay. Um because anybody can walk up to anybody and just start asking questions the problem that we have when we approach. First of all how many people here by just a show of hands think they have some level of approach anxiety like walking up to somebody and talking to them is fearful in some way or or causes anxiety okay.

Congratulations you're a human being every human being on the planet has some level of approach anxiety okay. It's a normal mammalian response the problem is nobody told you that and. So because you think you're supposed to be fearless and courageous and talking to people should be easy that it is no. The idea that if you feel any kind of an energetic increase your heart rate starts to speed up you get a little sweat keep in mind that that's just a normal response to meeting somebody you have never met before okay.

So that's the. First thing the. Second thing is remember that when you apply this process you're the one testing them you're the one that wants to find out if they're actually worth getting to know and that's what this protocol was originally designed for it was designed to teach people how to create conversations find commonalities and evaluate the answers a person gives you and determine where they should fit in your life that puts you in the dominant or alpha position remember the person who asked the questions in a conversation is is the alpha in the conversation the idea is to get is to be asking the questions and letting them do the talking. So that they fall in love with you in whatever context is appropriate okay.

You don't have to worry too much about what to say because what you need to say to them will come out of their mouth right. But. I wanted to just to just touch on that approach anxiety thing a little bit because a lot of us and. I.

I spent a lot of years 15 years clinically helping people deal with this a normal human being will have some level of approach anxiety okay. The problem is is we we start creating narratives around that feeling and before you know it what started off as a little twinge becomes this raging uh emotional storm because of the narrative we've assigned to it all you have to do is is reframe the feeling to mean something else and you're going to find you approach people much more easily the other part of approach anxiety is uncertainty what. I mean by that is when you approach think about this for a moment if you could look. At somebody and know in just a few seconds with a high level of confidence that they actually wanted you to come and talk to them and you knew exactly what to say to them without tripping over your tongue or sounding stupid let me ask you a question how nervous would you be about going and talking to them scale of zero to ten type it in chat zero to one okay.

Very good anybody else is there is what does thumbs down mean. Edith zero does that mean no. Nothing. I need a number trying to type eight.

So you would still have an eight at. So on a scale of one to zero to ten you're you're your level of nervousness would be an eight or your level of confidence would be an eight even nervous okay. So even if when you if you looked at them and from what you saw you could know with a high degree of certainty that they wanted you to come talk to them you knew exactly what to say without making a fool of yourself you would still be you would still be an eight and it's okay. If you are that's fine we'll work with it okay.

I'm gonna fix it okay. Well we have a webinar for that it's not this one. But we'll work on it. But you can take that same process.

I have a fear of acceptance okay. So. I see we might have to fix some people today anybody else okay. Let's play a game um.

But before we do actually no. Well we'll do this game we'll review the offer we'll come back we'll talk about level two questions does that sound like a plan yes. Or yes. Okay.

So once again if you're going to do this drill don't be driving all right. So here's how it works. I want you to close your eyes. I want you.

I'm wondering if you could imagine something for me. I'm wondering if you could imagine a place that was. So positive. So nurturing.

So loving. So caring. So forgiving. So protective and nurturing protective a place that was.

So absolutely safe that no. Negativity of any kind could exist there for even a fraction of a. Second without being immediately vaporized or turned into its opposite. I'm curious.

I'm wondering if you can imagine what a place like that might be like now you don't need to type it in the chat just follow along and. I always wonder when. I guide people through processes like this what might that experience be like when you're in that place what might you see what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you're truly safe. I'd like you to notice and become aware that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow and where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel it look.

At it with your inner eyes. And notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings. I'm curious what color or colors that might be for you. First impression now you don't need to tell me just experience that for yourself and when you know you've got it imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of safety a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all threats all dangers real or imagine while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that. I.

Want. You to. Breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a building anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you take all the time you need in the. Next few moments to test that and when you're certain it's locked in type in the chat how you feel now antonya says remarkably good crystal says lighter she says great excellent. I feel shimmering inside of me he just says peaceful here's the best part the more you practice that simple technique the more you'll move the work through the world.

Melissa says sweaty that's normal by the way that means you're clearing stuff okay. Um the more you do this exercise the more you'll move through the world feeling safe and radiating safety out into the world okay. This is called resolution frequency generator okay. This is something again we teach this and we'll teach variations of this in killer influence identity by.

Design things of that nature it's a way of understanding how to take control of your nervous system. So if you see somebody that looks interesting the. First thing you want to do find a bathroom stall somewhere out of sight strike a power pose breathe that safe energy through your body think about approaching them notice any place in your body we're feeling start breathe the safe energy again and dissolve it okay. In other classes and other trainings like how to reprogram subconscious mind or hidden.

Laws of. Attraction we'll show you how to decimate the reasons behind those feelings. But we don't need to go into that we don't need to do all that to fix stuff in the moment right. But the more you do this the more once again your brain will build the power of this and become more neuroplastic was this useful.

Jessica says warm inside was this helpful okay. All right. So um as a just again to remind you that these are part of this is part of the training that we give all of our killer influence students and things of that nature learning how to control your state right. So one of the things.

I want to remind you is that these fast action bonuses they go away when. I log off the webinar. So just as a reminder what you're going to get is the secrets of human influence home study course it's a 2497 value will also include the weapons of mass instruction it's a 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free the. Renegade reframing the art of conversational belief change is a 1997 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you.

Charisma and conversion this is an amazing course teaches you how all the high level speakers have people stampeding to the back of the room to sign up for coaching. Black. Books buy products or. Services more trainings things of that nature it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you free if you're one of the.

First 21 people to register for um this package before. I log off the webinar we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to the nlpower. Mastermind mentoring program it's a 1597 value we're going to give it to you free we're also going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at 997 dollars we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the killer influence. VIP super ticket the five day live certification boot camp here in.

San. Diego. California it's a 3150 value we're going to give this to you for free it's going to be. June 20th to the 24th 2023 here in.

San. Diego and if for some reason you can't make that training the. Next killer influence we schedule will put you on the guest list and you can attend that one for free total package value if you grab it today is 14 225 dollars. But you can get it all for one low installment today of 9.97 or three easy installments of just 397 each.

So for those of you who are ready who want more of the good safety training that we just did and a lot more all you need to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Bill click the link right. Now and go to www.killerinfluence.com click the link click the link click the link www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go. Dash hi.

I think is what they have uh in the in the uh in the training there okay. So uh moving back to participants and. Jessica says it was useful yes. It is this is a really important thing.

So let's talk about level two questions now okay. I gotta change my screen again. So when we look. At level two questions right.

Once again everything we do at level two questions is using the echo technique. But now what we're going to talk about is we're going to talk about career pleasure and passion now the original version of this when we did it and again we're going through a basic version here we in killer influence we've got we go through two or three more levels of this making it even more powerful. But for today's training this is good enough to get you started if you want deeper training grab your package and uh and start training uh this material at home. But level two the original the level the original um level two question was only about career and we modified it a little bit because sometimes you're going to see someone that you're interested in who doesn't like their job right.

And. So one of the things that happens with level two questions is we are tapping into the same hierarchy of body feelings that we tap into during the emotional motivation checklist how many people here remember the the emotional motivation checklist of what's important about questions you guys remember that yes. Or yes. Okay.

So when we start hitting level two questions we're tapping into the same. Reservoir that we're doing in the emotional motivation checklist and the way we do this is through a process called. Identity or identification human beings can't talk about themselves even if they're talking bad crap like they're talking about how their life sucks they can't talk about themselves without feeling good that's what's funny about this right. But a lot of times when you talk to people about their job they don't like their job you don't want people feeling crappy looking at you.

So we we modified it a little bit. So people always have an. A lot of people have an idea for a book. Or a business they have things that they're passionate about they're things that they do for pleasure they do for fun what you want to do at level two questions is ask open-ended questions about one or more of these topics what do they love about their job what do they find most challenging where do they see themselves in five years.

A lot of times what. I'll tell people something like. I'll say things like. I'll ask somebody because.

I'm curious just. So. I understand you better what do you do for a living you know that you know that you know that that pays the bills and they'll go well. I'm an accountant oh wow and.

I'm curious just. So. I understand um are you are you doing it because it pays the bills or because it it's what it's what makes your heart go pitter-patter and nobody's ever asked them that before right. So you want to ask interesting questions questions that aren't like.

Cookie. Cutter. But you want to start off with the basic idea. So.

I'm curious let me ask you this um what's important what's what's fun about being an accountant what do you love about it and they're going to give you a story or you might say something wow you know. I know there's a lot of people who are drawn to accounting now. I've. I've had a math allergy since.

I was 12. So. I'm always curious how people come to the the occupations they choose. So.

I'm curious what's your origin story how did you how did you decide to become an accountant were you like did you wake up one day numbers are my game or did your parents were your parents accounts and you wanted to follow. I'm curious just you know what what what's what's behind that right. And be genuinely curious about people right. And what will happen is they will tell you their story and the best part is all the emotions all the the joys and the the victories and everything that's incumbent in that story will be linked to you and all the while they're giving you their attitudes their perceptions their their their way that they they see themselves their sense of possibility their sense of limitation all these things are coming out in the things that they say to you and you're as a good little influence persuade in.

Persuasion. Master are taking notes yes. No. Yes.

No. This is what they said this is what. I interpreted as right. And.

So all the longer they talk the more connected to you they come they become right. And all you have to do when you talk to them is use their words okay. And they'll continue to talk and they'll continue to feel good about you right. So careers passions.

Pleasures are the super glue now most people you never need to go beyond level two questions to get a powerful relationship in fact you should only ever go to level three questions if you've come to the decision that they are somebody you want to be a permanent part of your life an intimate friend in whatever in whatever context intimacy is is appropriate okay. And the reason for this is is because if you do this with the wrong people in the wrong context and you go to level three question you will have a stalker on your hands okay. For most types of relationships it's never necessary to go beyond level two okay. So what will happen in level two questions is you'll ask a question he'll pay attention he'll validate their response you'll.

Echo their words you'll ask him the question they'll start telling stories as you're listening to their response your brain is going to do what we call a transderivational search a transderivational search is your brain's search for meaning in other words when you hear a story about a great vacation the person in front of yourself they say they talk about they went to. Hawaii and how they loved it. First thing that happens when those words hit your brain is the brain goes vacations vacations. Hawaii tropical vacation or what have.

I done that's close and maybe you had maybe you took. A vacation to. Fiji or the. Bahamas or maybe you didn't you didn't get to a tropical location you went to.

Europe right. Your neurology is going to search through its memory banks and find the closest analogy to what the person is describing this phenomena is a natural part of human communication in my world and in this particular. Technique we call it analog matching and you'll see it every time somebody's on a. First date person tells a story the other person.

Waits patiently for the person to finish talking. So they can tell their story and. So you stand there and you start swapping stories right. That's an organic process that's going to happen the way you hack this is when you.

Prime them to tell their story you pay attention to the words they use and when they're done telling their story you tell your story briefly. But when you do you use their words in your story as many times as you can and what will happen is it will take something that's somewhat similar and make it do this it will bond them to you on a deeper level it will create that same sense of they're just like me because they can relate to you more profoundly it takes away the mistranslation it takes away the distancing filters that keep you from connecting even more fully okay. So once again we'll cover this far more in depth in the live training because you'll actually get to practice it with lots and lots of different people in lots and lots of context from everything from job interviews to uh speed dating to sales presentations to networking functions we we role play all of it right. Because again it's it's one thing to see it on a webinar it's one thing to watch it on a video it's a very different thing to go through it and live it live okay.

Questions about level two questions going once going twice is this useful. Antonia says yes. Crystal says yes. Okay.

So ladies especially. But guys too. But ladies especially remember if you're using this to vet potential dates or romantic partners there's two fundamental aspects to this the. First one is the attraction generation prospect.

Aspect of it it's very very easy very very easy to be to seduce yourself into a relationship that's not good for you okay. Why because when you start generating and start utilizing three magic questions you're going to generate connection and. Rapport is a two-way street that's why uh when we teach you that's why when we teach you the. CPI model the universal persuasion protocol it starts with know your outcome control your state get.

Rapport use your language why does. State. Control have to come. First because you are going to learn how to generate very very very powerful states of rapport chemistry and connection with another human being and if you don't and reports a two-way street it flows both ways if you don't know how to control your state you will fall victim to the very connection you're supposed to be controlling.

So you have to have that. Hands-On training to really. Master this process if there was a. Jedi skill in.

Planet. David it would be the state control right. Because you can put the whammy on an entire room and not even open your mouth eighty percent of your of your influence is done before the words come out and that's just one piece of the state control training right. And it's one of the things that we don't we don't we don't give out to the public.

Beyond a few morsels here and there because it is one of our trade our. Trade. Secrets okay. Um.

But the reason. I say this ladies is the. Second part of three magic questions is to elicit information is to extract data about the person in front of you. So you can profile them.

So you can make a decision is this person a fit for me or isn't it and you need to be able to make a qualified decision based on the data and if you're at the mercy of. Rapport what's going to happen is you're going to give people the benefit of the doubt that you shouldn't okay. From this point forward whether you're a man or a woman regardless of what your gender preference is as a romantic partner you no. Longer date people with potential potential is off the books you now actively seek to date people who are a fit for you who are actively maximizing and actualizing their potential right.

If you're looking at somebody from across the table and you're going oh man with just a little a few tweaks he could be amazing or she could be awesome get out assume the person in front of you is not going to change can you be happy with this person for the. Next 20 years as they are right. If the answer is no. Take your time slow down evaluate okay.

Again we'll cover all this in the live event. But for those of you who want to use this understand that there's two aspects to three magic questions there's the attraction and connection generation and the testing the evaluation part of it the analysis part of it if you're having any doubts at level two by no. Means should you go to level three right. I just want to know and he must be willing to make the hard decision if the person's not passing your test if they're not matching your checklists eject right.

They're better fit for somebody else um. So the good the good and bad news is those of you men are men or women who use this you're going to be be generating more attraction and more people than you've ever done before the suck part is you're going to be saying no. To more of them because they don't fit they're not a fit for you right. So.

I promise you that's what. I teach you how to do. So that's what. I'm doing uh.

Omar is asking. So when we're swapping stories can we. Echo their words and energy back into them using our own story yes. That's exactly what.

I described we're using our story. But we're replacing the words in our story with their words. So if a person says it was the most magnificent vacation. I've ever had and.

I'm telling my story and. I get to a point where it's appropriate. I would and. I'll say and it was the most magnificent vacation.

I've ever had. I've used their word that bonds our stories together and makes in the same story functionally right. It's almost like we did it together okay. Does this make sense is it useful what if their words are not authentic to you what does that mean.

Natalia when you say. Omar says great stuff when you say what if their words are not authentic to you what does that mean thank you he just give me the thumbs up there. I don't talk like them or. I'm not in agreement okay.

First of all what's your outcome if they're if they're doing things that aren't in harmony with you that should be a flag right. There when we're using the echo technique the secret to making it work is to talk like them as much as possible okay. Remember you're going to feel different because the words that you're using aren't yours it's not about you yet it's about the other person if the per the idea behind three magic questions is to use their words to neurologically trigger them to talk to you. So you can evaluate if their character their behavior their values and the way they satisfy those values is a fit do the activities that they like match what you like to do that's the only reason to do this protocol initially when you start using their words back to them you're also going to start to generate attraction and increased self-disclosure in these people it will not feel 100 authentic to you because you're not using your organic way of speaking you're using a technique that allows them to feel all the feelings they've ever wanted to feel with another human being and.

Link those powerful feelings the positive feelings in them to you. Then you make the decision are they a keeper are they a friend are they an intimate friend are they a friend with benefits are they a boyfriend a fiance a girlfriend whatever there's a whole. Continuum of of levels from hell no. To hell yeah um that you can sort people into.

But you have to be understand this process and be willing to commit to the process in a fun playful way to maximize it okay. Remember just like anything with. Echo because you're using another person's words it'll always feel like you're doing something weird at. First.

Until you realize that what you're giving them is the gift of being felt understood connected and validated which is what every human being on the planet wants and will fight tooth and nail to keep most yeah this is this this is this will work like gangbusters in networking functions it'll work over the phone it'll work um pretty much any place it doesn't have to be a romantic context at all right. Uh my personal injury attorneys you know what they're when they're interviewing clients they use it during depositions and jury selection of all things and the entire jury panel falls in love with them. So it doesn't matter who gets put on the journey who doesn't they all love the guy right. Um anybody great question though great question.

But again you notice. I have to again. I always ask. I see clarification and understanding before.

I respond because. I don't know where she was going with the whole authentic thing remember that when you're using any variation on the echo technique and especially if you're just starting it's going to feel conspicuous you're going to be self-conscious about it because it's not your normal organic way of speaking it doesn't matter it's not about you it's about giving the other person. The. Experience they want and need to have.

So they'll be the person you want them and need them to be does that make sense okay. So any other questions about level two questions again we'll we'll cover this far more in depth during the the killer influence training both the video and the live event um. But that's that's a pretty good treatment right. There now let's suppose um let's just review really quickly um.

I make it a point of just just reminding people that the clock is running on these offers. So. I just want you to make sure that um you take your you get the opportunity and you don't miss out for this. So okay.

So once again uh this is our package it's the secrets of human influence home study course it's a 2497 value um and it comes with that the manuals and everything else uh. Weapons of. Mass instruction 1997 value we're gonna give that to you absolutely free the. Renegade reframing uh changing conversations our beliefs in normal conversations home study course uh with the card game is 1997 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the.

Charisma conversion 1997 value for free uh. NLP. Mastermind mentoring program and the 11-year video archive 1597 value we're going to give it to you for free the stealth instant conversation with gnosis crash course 997 value we're going to give that to you for free and of course you get five days of full immersion. No.

Holds. Barred covert hypnosis and. MLP training at the killer influence live secrets of covert hypnosis five-day certification boot camp here uh. June 20th through the 24th in.

San. Diego. California it's a three thousand one hundred and fifty dollar value we're giving this to you absolutely free total package value if you grab it right. Now it's fourteen thousand two hundred and twenty five uh if you wait till 11 59.

PM you're going to lose all the fast action bonuses and drop down to eight thousand four hundred dollar 400 value um again for no. Other reason than that. VIP super ticket. I'd click that link right.

Now if. I were you total value 14 225 you're gonna get it all for one low installment of just 997 or if you need a little extra help a little extra time you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397. uh and all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo.

Dash h on it right. I think the uh. I think. Holly's put the the the uh the link in your chat okay.

Does anybody have any questions about the package remember that if they're if you do have some of the products that are in this offer and uh you want to swap it out for something of equal lesser value you're more than welcome to do that all you have to do is let. Stephanie know and she'll work out uh customizing the package in the program for you okay. Any other questions okay. Um if there are just type uh what we're going to do now is we're going to go into talk about level three questions okay.

So level three questions remember there's a decision point we have to make if you hit. Level. Two questions and the person is not passing your tests stay at level two or eject stay at level two or eject right. But if you decide that this person's worth a shot.

Then you're going to go to level three level three creates a hypnotic phenomena in people's minds known as pseudo-orientation in time or time distortion uh by a show of hands in the chat how many people have ever met somebody. I want to make sure. I didn't. I didn't mute myself did.

I how many people have ever met somebody that even though you only knew them for a few minutes or half an hour after speaking with them it just seemed like you've known them your entire life like for some mysterious reason the time just changed and it's like this person has always been a part of your life like there was someone that was always important to you and you knew was going to be important going forward have you ever had an experience like that right. That's what level three questions do level three questions allow you to create the experience of having known somebody your whole life right. And. So the key word that we use the code that we use for level three questions is early positive childhood experiences okay.

So the question that. I originally learned to stimulate this was. So. I'm curious where did you grow up who are your friends what did you love to play at when you were a kid right.

So what happens is and the important thing to remember is that the further and back in time we go the more foundational to our personality and our identity our memories become in the clinic when we would regress when people would come in for things like you know losing weight social anxiety post-traumatic stress disorder getting over a breakup getting over being stuck about starting a business or business business failing losing a loved one like to a cancer or disease we would have what is commonly referred to as a presenting problem in other words there's something that brought them to the clinic okay. So someone comes in and says. I need to you know. I'm 35 years old.

I just got a divorce and it's been you know. I got divorced the divorce was final three years ago. I. I still can't seem to open up and and find a relationship right.

I don't let people patent most of my dates don't go past two or three. I just can't seem to um to relax or open up or maybe somebody started a business right. And if they lost it and now they they're they're having emotional problems getting back on the horse well that's their presenting problem that's what they came in with. But when you actually talked to the boss when you actually put them in a trance to say go back to the very.

First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of. XYZ problem that you're having today 99 times out of a hundred without fail they go back to the ages zero to five years old okay. Because you're nothing. But a blank hard drive back.

Then. So when we asked the question tell me about your childhood what where did you grow up who did you love to play with you know what did you love to play at another transderivational search happens where we literally open up the memory files we find the memory relevant to what we ask them to find and what happens is in their head they play that movie they remember and there's as they're talking about it they're reliving the movie. But who are they looking at who are they looking at when they're reliving the movie who are they describing to as they're reliving the movie if you did not answer in your own head themselves well actually no. They're looking at you they're the editorial you if if.

I'm with you right. Now and you're telling me about an early childhood experience who are you looking at. I'm in your field of vision yes. You're playing a movie in your head and you may not consciously be orienting on me.

But you're looking at me. I'm in your awareness okay. Guess who all those feelings get linked to that's right. Now one aspect of those feelings you ever notice that memories that are really old have a slightly different feel to them than memories that are recent have you notice that yes.

Or no. It's okay. If you didn't it's all right. The the length this the sense of time connected to the memory gets linked to you as well what actually happens is in in a very weird way you actually insert yourself into that memory.

So that when they cycle through that memory when they relive and re-re construct that memory you're in it and. So they feel when they look. At you they feel like they've known you since that memory was. First created this is why you have to be careful because love is generated with shared emotional experiences over time the only variable is the time.

But the more emotional experiences you've had with somebody the more connected you get okay. So if you do this with somebody who's not stable well could happen and. I've. I've had people tell me about.

I. I didn't listen to your warning and. I did this with this crazy person and blah blah blah right. So here's the secret you never use level three questions unless they've passed all of your tests if you have any red flags any doubts keep them at level two right.

You can generate powerful very very fulfilling relationships and not lock people into being in love with you okay. So again level three is a gift you give to people in the past. I just skipped to that level yeah you can a lot of times you'll do that organically right. But remember the point of the of of the protocol is to do two things is to accelerate trust connection and intimacy and stimulate self-disclosure now the best part about three magic questions and this is why.

Chase love. Chase use loved it. So much is the deeper into this process you get the harder it is for the other person to lie to you without sending massive tells and signaling. So it really is a powerful life skill to have okay.

Again we'll cover this in depth at the the live training uh in. June uh it'll also be taught uh in your secrets of human influence uh package right. But it's really really powerful we use it for a lot of things okay. Any questions about level three yeah you guys are either brilliant or.

I'm a great teacher. I'm not sure which. So this is a. Last call as they say um again if you've been on the fence if you've gotten any value from the the tidbits and the sample platter.

I share with you. I please uh encourage you to click this link go to www.killerinfluence.com hi you'll get the secrets of human influence home study course right. At 2 497 you'll get the weapons of mass instruction valued at 1997 we're gonna give that to you free the. Renegade reframing uh course 1997 we're going to give that to you for free uh.

Charisma conversion again 1997 for free. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program in the 11 year video archive access 1597 value we're gonna give that to you for free stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course 997 value absolutely free and of course the big the big uh. Mondo.

Supremo uh bonus the killer influence. VIP super ticket five-day hypnosis certification uh. June 20th through the 24th here in. San.

Diego. California valued at three thousand one hundred and fifty dollars total package values fourteen thousand uh 225. you get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need to you can break that up into three easy installments of um of 9.97 each all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo just click it in the chat link there and uh you'll be good to go if you have questions reach out to. Stephanie and she'll walk you through the process she'll get all of your customer service issues lined out thank you to.

Holly. Seth. Henry. Brandon and all the other uh team members who are in the background uh making this stuff flow smooth answering all your questions thank you to all of my uh.

Planet. David veterans who've supported us over the years who've been to us too thick and thin. But even most importantly who've taken the techniques out into the world and actually use them and change your life for the better you you are our message to the world. Jerry you get these courses uh within 24 actually usually the same day.

But give it up to 24 hours for the the processing to um to go through. But usually it's it's within within an hour you get it. So um. But again uh if you have any questions about how to do how those products are delivered they're all digital downloads.

So just go to www or just call it. Stephanie 858-282-4663 okay. Um yeah. I want to thank you all for spending time with me uh it's good to be back hopefully our brothers and sisters on.

YouTube won't feel uh cheated or dissed because of the technical issues we were having do you have any other questions that. I can answer for you before. I set you loose in the world all right. Well that being said.

I want to thank you all once again once again thank you to the team and uh this is. Dr. David over and out good night have a great day.
